EPSON S30670 S50670 S70670
Copyrights and rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this EPSON of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-36618R1 Copyrights and
Chapter Introduction Instructions of these instructions the to follow and instructions the choosing this this that than this This properly or to and humidity. from sunlight, strong light, or heat to and this from areas. this where the easily this This with this only. with other fire or shock. to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. outlets switches or timers. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the type of indicated the the that with this of another fire or shock. or cord. Introduction
The with of or V. If the the to outlets with If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected or If to the the or If there the them with of the and using this or the this through the to this to service this yourself. this and servicing to service the following The or the the or the the normally or performance. the off the the this pressed, the light flashes then off. the or off the the light flashing. This There of shock the the of the reach of children and the IC the of the This and The IC this of cartridge-related information, such as the that the and freely. Introduction
If the supply from and and the as this that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding and Notes Warning: to serious injury. to injury. to to this Notes or information the operation of this otherwise noted, the the S30670, the instructions this apply to three Introduction
section S50670 and S70670 cover this to clean the around the head. Normally closed when the Cleaning Around the Head Additional The to the S70670. the Additional Drying heater The heater to Heating temporarily these when the There the and the right. Loading and The to the as Introduction
locking screw The locking screws the once they attached to the There the and the right. the these There the and the right. switch this switch to the Choose to switch this switch to the direction.AutoThe selected option when the switch the Casters There each Once the front casters should while the These from the these bottle the bottle this The the the securely bottle collects this bottle. with bottle when the approaches the from this the of this the bottle while the The of each type of with the option selected S70670: S50670: or to to These included with the to the to the to the insertion. Cartridge This lights when On occurred. the of the the AC #1/AC the to both LAN LAN Introduction
USB the USB cover (right) this cover when Normally when using the the to the the to release the to This lights or flashes when On/Flashing occurred; the type of indicated the lights or flashes. the of the the cover when cleaning the of the or Normally closed when the Introduction
section S30670 cover this to the around the head. Normally when the Cleaning Around the Head heater The heater to Heating the these There the and the right. Loading and The to the as locking screw The locking screws the once they attached to the There locking screws: the and the right. temporarily these when the There the and the right. switch this switch to the Choose to Introduction
switch this switch to the The selected option when the switch the Casters There casters each Once the front should while the These from the these bottle the bottle this The the the securely bottle this bottle. with bottle when the approaches the from this the of this the bottle while the each the to the to the to the insertion. Cartridge This lights when On occurred. the the AC #1/AC the to both LAN the LAN USB the USB cover (right) this cover when Normally closed when the the to the the to release the to This lights or flashes when Introduction
On/flashing occurred; the type of indicated the lights or flashes. the the when cleaning the of the or Normally closed when the S70670, S50670 of the following reduce or these as the the reference sections below. The shows the S70670. head The head and right while The head the Head the head the right Head that the around this once Cleaning Around the Head holding The holding plates the and the of the from touching the head. the plates of the Loading S70670/S50670 and Loading S30670 the of included) this to Introduction
(high) There the high the the They the of the Cleaning the Heater, and Plates High Quality There of which from the the They the The with the width of the Cleaning the Heater, and Plates heater The heater that the evenly. Heating Cleaning the Heater, and Plates The from the wiper. It included the and to about once months. the and Cleaner these the head to them that this cleaned once Cleaning The from the head that this cleaned once It included the and to about once every months. Cleaning the and Cleaner Flushing this flushing. It It included the and to about once every months. the Flushing Introduction
S30670 of the following reduce quality. or these as the chapters the reference sections below. head The head and right while that the around this once the head the of the cleaning. Cleaning Around the Head holding The holding the and the of the from touching the head. the plates of the Loading S30670 the of included) this to These the Cleaning the Heater, and Plates heater The heater that the evenly. Heating Cleaning the Heater, and Plates The from the wiper. It included the and to about once every months (or the and Cleaner Introduction
these cover the head to them from that the cleaned once The from the head that this cleaned once It included the and to about once every months (or the and Cleaner Flushing this flushing. It included the and to about once months (or the Flushing switch The switch to the and to the these There the and the right. fixing screw These screws the once the There screws: the and the right. EPSON If the to mounted the these to the to the of the There the and the right. Introduction
Pre-heater the that the to these the There the and the right. the right the to the and apply to the LAN RJ-45 the LAN shielded or higher). The shows and whether the The On On The connected 1000base-T Flashing The 1000base-T On On (red) The connected 100base-TX Flashing The 100base-TX Introduction
Turns the and off. light light) The indicated or flashing light. On The Flashing The or head cleaning or other operations shut-down. The off. Press this to the which such items as Select and This The Introduction
the and the Press this to the (back Press this to to the previous when options displayed. Operations buttons and right arrow buttons) to the when such as or IP the buttons buttons) loaded, the to the and to the to the the to the that when the to the when its reaches the releasing the and then the displayed, these buttons to items and Operations OK Pressing this when item highlighted displays options the selected Pressing this when option highlighted selects the highlighted item or the selected operation. (heating and Pressing this displays the Heating Drying where the Heater If the optional attached, Additional These options The Pressing this displays the which such items as Cleaning Head Head and Counter This The Introduction
The this while To release the the or the and then the To processed, the and then the Pressing this when the and the to ready the the ready feed the to the this and then this to feed. the The following shows the the S50670. the operation, and Displayed Heater From to right, this shows the the pre-heater, heater, and heater. The thermometer rough of the of the heaters. The heater reached the selected The heater reached the selected Introduction
info From to right, this shows the selected and If created with this selected as the the (from to displayed. RIP selected, displayed. The selected shown as follows. The selected the The the of and the or the as shown below. Normal Warning or The indicated as follows. Ready to The height of the with the of You to The of remaining reached the with The locked. the to the lock. the and the to the occurred. the the and clear the cleaning The height of the shows the amount of cleaning the three Introduction
You the of the option the The BK Black C MS LK Light Black OR LC Light LM Light WH White bottle the amount of the bottle. The as shown below when the bottle nearly or Normal Warning or The of the bottle shown as follows. The to the amount of The bottle Ready bottle. The bottle with bottle. Introduction
Head This displayed the S50670 only. the The Additional included with the S50670 and optional other This shows the optional Not or correctly. The The whether the The whether the The The To the Additional On the Introduction
This wide-format to inches) The of this below. High Productivity Heaters The three heaters below productivity and The pre-heater: Warms to the from The heater: that the evenly. The heater: Can to Unit Accommodates High-Capacity The feeding high-capacity with of to inches) and of to that With the optional heavy the with of inches). Unit The cleanly, with high-volume and overnight High-Capacity Cartridges The high-capacity, (white to productivity, reducing the of High-Speed The the EPSON TFT head(s) Introduction
Additional Drying The (included with the S50670; optional with other increased performance and productivity. It recommended when the S70670 as the white and to High Quality Smooth Tone Gradations, High-Fidelity Reproduction The S70670 light-colored (light light and light reducing tone while the of increases the high-fidelity reproduction. It of of wraps and that inspected White and of effects when the S70670 with white and or the S50670 with white The white high opacity, graphics). Other white or showing through and allowing of the following when using least than specified that the function as expected, causing quality. types, such as and supported. and the Ease of and The and the to the to the and directly. to where Introduction
to that to installation, the offers that allow heavy to to the of the The distinctive of solvent-based reduced with This only the that items exhibited Head Detection The S50670 with detecting If the to the with the head. and of and Ease of through and the of this of Notification The with built the interface offers Once the and to selected of when the overnight and other and sound and the light. The sounds to wasted while to High-Speed Ethernet The with high-speed USB and Base-TX/1000 Base-T interfaces. Introduction
Notes and that the following clear of other that and obstructed. the of the Specifications Table Notes when the the following when this to breakdowns, malfunctions, and Additional white and Specialty the the operating and the Specifications however, that the achieved the and within the the within those the the operating the information, the with the Also, when operating areas, or sunlight, the humidity. the locations with heat or locations that to from or conditioners. The head and Introduction
or the or around the The following recommended or to the with which the used. to of quality. the of the the head. to cleaned head Once the or head cleaned. Flushing Once months (or The head (the head to the right the turned off when the or occurred. function covering the head with to the head from this the and automatically. the the or the the The head properly. this the and automatically. The head cleaned to the from that the bottle whenever the as head cleaning and other to the head Introduction
Notes when the If using the following when the If correctly, to properly the used. Additional white and Specialty The crease the The become or curled, causing or the with the head. the the the that the head (the head the right). If the head the If the head capped, the and then off. covers the If the cloth or cover the to build-up. The head and they become easily the head, and to properly. If the the head head cleaning the head clogged. Checking the that or the S30670 or Without Specialty The white and If the head become clogged. Turn the least once every to the head Head cleaning the turned Head cleaning the off cleaning If the cleaning to the heads. Leaving the heads unwashed clogs. Introduction
Whether head the of the S70670 or S50670 or S30670: month or the The information. Notes the following when to Additional white and Specialty to charge the head the first the used. location that to sunlight. To the the the earlier of the following The shown the months the If from to than four hours the the IC or and You of the empty. the without The the and the function as expected. or while the the IC the information such as the and the from the Introduction
cleaning from the to from the supply of that from the the used. the supply when the and used. While the supply free of The to capped. around the supply to the surrounding when the To the of the head, this completely expended. Although the this function or performance. or You to properly. or otherwise, the With the of white and and thoroughly once three to or the following when or that to the with each type of Introduction
Notes the or the the and from both wearing the to and should thrown locations that to sunlight, heat, or humidity. should from the rewound, and its Leaving the to To high the following or scratch the If they or scratched, the off. the as this the completely or as otherwise or other appear where the These the immediately and become the separated. sunlight. To and as instructed the with the Introduction
Specialty The white and White and to to the of the the this and malfunction. This section white and The S30670 specialty specialty to the and causing clogs. turning the off leading to malfunction, that the turned off. White and their If the the to the that from the to the of the If the or cleaning separately) to the heads. You to the white and Leaving the heads unwashed clogs. The information. The to the and that the automatically. To malfunctions caused of the white and the the operations or the turned the user intervention required. White and and thoroughly once hours. to Introduction
If or refresh the Procedures Specialty the Software of the Software CD The following the software CD. as required. information about these the the The software RIP The from the EPSON Software Summary EPSON LFP Remote EPSON LFP to firmware from and the created the to and the EPSON (EPSON SC-S30600 Comm Network and that IP With this software, the from This as allows to and using the Starting EPSON LFP EPSON LFP Remote that the displays Ready The of the following Double-click the EPSON LFP Remote the The EPSON LFP Remote created when the Click (or EPSON LFP EPSON LFP Remote Starting EPSON LFP Remote and Exiting EPSON LFP Remote The EPSON the EPSON LFP Remote to to It the software RIP the EPSON when the connected to USB. the software RIP information the Introduction
Click the item the EPSON LFP Remote EPSON LFP Remote information. Exiting EPSON LFP Click the EPSON LFP Remote Uninstalling Software to account account with the when prompted and then with the of the operation. other that This section to EPSON LFP and the EPSON Turn off the and the interface to the and Uninstall from the XP, to the and or the software to and then Uninstall/Change (or Change/Remove Selecting the following the EPSON SC-S70670 Uninstall EPSON SC-S50670 Comm Uninstall EPSON SC-S30670 Comm Uninstall To EPSON LFP Remote EPSON LFP Remote Introduction
Select the and then OK Follow the on-screen instructions to the appears, If the EPSON the Introduction
Chapter Operations Loading and The with the of or type of feeding used. Choose the to The heaters and holding plates to the burns. to or when or closing the front cover. to this injury. the of the The of the and injury. immediately The crease the The become or curled, causing or the with the head. information the that the Supported Loading S70670/S50670 The whether using the feeding or the optional heavy Follow the below when the feeding the Unit the Optional Unit Operations
the Unit This section the S70670 to the of when the the heavy, should or the least Turn the the white and to the and causing clogs. turning the off leading to malfunction, that the turned off. the fixing screws and the that the the than the the the If the right the The properly the the oriented to below) and as indicated the the Operations
Printable the option selected the matches the to Printable to information the of the of the the back of the and the right of the the back of the The recommended of shown below. Positioning of Operations
If the with the as the the the of the to the then the If the of outer which than inches), and to the The reach the when the the screw to the the the right of the to the then the Operations
If the of the outer which than inches), and to the as Tighten the screw to the Operations
the the below Once the further. to this the the Operations
the and the that heavy and to the switch the the the and the to to the front of the and the front cover. Operations
the of the and the the straight the the the of the heater. the right of the with the the the right of the heater. to and the the right of the within the to the while they the the of the The the high Their with the of the and the used. Operations
the inch) and the high inch) from the of the them the bounds shown the S70670/S50670 Printable S30670 and High Quality and that the to the of the the to the To immediately, to information the the the Unit Operations
If would to from the of the the the to the slightly. to the leading of the the the the holding of the the that the of the the of the round Next, the the white the and the to them and them from Operations
the holding plates with that than inch) thick. The holding plates and the head. the holding plates to the and right of the when they the the of the or torn. and right of inch) when the holding Narrower the plates (this apply when used). the front cover. the Optional Unit This section the S70670 to to when the optional heavy feeding installed. The that follows that used. The following of used. or platform thickness: inches) or The or lowered to inches) from the the should or the least recommended when that or Turn the the Operations
white and to the and causing clogs. turning the off leading to malfunction, that the turned off. the fixing screws and the that the the than the If the right the The properly the Temporarily the oriented to below) Operations
Printable the option selected the matches the to to Printable information, the of the of the the back of the and the right of the the back of the The recommended of shown below. Positioning of If the with the as the Operations
the and the or the the with the the Next, the screw to the the right Next, the screw to the Operations
the the the below Once turn the further. to this the If turning the turned, to and the right the the Operations
the and the that heavy and to the switch the Printable Printable the the and the to to the front of the and the front cover. Operations
the of the and the the straight the the the of the heater. the right of the with the the the right of the heater. to and the the right of the within the to the while they the the of the The the high Their with the of the and the used. Operations
the inch) and the high inch) from the of the them the bounds shown the Printable S70670/S50670 Printable S30670 and High Quality and that the to the of the the to the To immediately, to information the the the Unit Operations
If would to from the of the the the to the slightly. however, to the leading of the the the the holding plates of the the that the of the the of the round Next, the the white the and the plates to them and them from Operations
the holding plates with that than inch) thick. The holding and the head. the plates to the and right of the when they the holding the of the or torn. and right of inch) when the holding Narrower the (this apply when used). the front cover. Loading S30670 The whether the feeding or the optional heavy Follow the below when the feeding the Unit the Optional Unit the Unit This section to when the feeding the should or the least Turn the the the fixing screws and the that the the than the Operations
the the If the right the The properly the the oriented to below) and as indicated the the Printable Operations
Printable If the the it the as instructed the the option selected the matches the to Printable to Printable information the the of the to the then the Operations
If the of outer which than inches), and it the The reach the when the the screw to the the the right of the to the then the Operations
If the of which than inches), and the as Tighten the screw to the Operations
the the below Once the further. to this the the Operations
the and the that heavy and to the switch the Printable the the and the to Confirm that the of the the of the the the pre-heater. Operations
to and the the of the within the to the while they the to the front of the and the front cover. the of the and the the straight the the the of the heater. Operations
the right of the to the the the right of the heater. the to the To immediately, to information the the the Unit If would to from the of the the the to the slightly. however, to the leading of the the the the holding plates of the Operations
the plates that the of the the of the round Next, the that the white the and the to them and them from the holding plates with that than inch) thick. The holding plates and the head. the holding plates to the and right of the when they the holding plates the of the or torn. and right of inch) when using the holding Narrower the Operations
the front cover. the Optional Unit This section to when the optional heavy feeding using The that follows that used. The following of used. or platform thickness: inches) or or platform lowered to inches) from the the heavy, should or the least recommended when that or Operations
Turn the the the fixing screws and the that the the than the If the right the The properly the the oriented to below) and the to the as indicated the the Operations
If the the the as instructed the with the optional heavy the option selected the matches the to Printable to Printable information the and the Operations
or the the with the the Next, the screw to the the right Next, the screw to the the Operations
the the below Once the further. to this the If turning the turned, to and the right the the Operations
the and the that heavy and to the switch the Printable Printable the the and the to Confirm that the of the the of the the the pre-heater. Operations
to and the the of the within the to the while they the to the front of the and the front cover. the of the and the the straight the the the of the heater. Operations
the right of the with the the the right of the heater. the to the To immediately, to information the the the Unit If would to from the of the the the to the slightly. however, to the leading of the the the the holding plates of the Operations
the plates that the of the the of the round Next, the the white the and the to them and them from the holding with that than inch) thick. The plates and the head. the plates to the and right of the when they the holding plates the of the or torn. and right of inch) when using the holding the Operations
the front cover. and The the following information once the lowered. This to or the following options: On The displays the amount of The the amount of On the the amount of based the of the and the amount and this information the The rough of the amount of to know when warning displayed when the amount of reaches specified Selected the which based as shown below. RIP based those the RIP. Operations
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX based those the of based the options selected the Heater Suction, Head and other to of assigning them to to strongly recommended to that the and head and each type of option. To the to and the Proceed to To the buttons to and the the items to and the Select the option and the Press the to the shown and then the that the correct, the buttons to and the If On selected prompted to the of the the buttons to choose and and and the You If the of foot. Operations
The Ready showing that ready to the to from the To the the amount of the and the the Amount of The displays the amount of and the This to whether the The amount of displayed the when the loaded. You the amount of the leading of the from the and then this the the information the amount The or the amount of when selected the and The following section to the amount of Confirm that the ready to Operations
Press the the and the Select and the Press the to the amount of Cutting included) to the when This section to to the The heaters and holding plate to the burns. to or with the or other Confirm that the ready to Press the and the The feed the trailing of the printed to the Operations
If printed the amount of the to the that this information the the the holding the with the the of the the Operations
If the the switch the to the switch to the the If the S70670 or S50670 and to the to of the You the from the To the the followed to the Unit Loading and The as printed, the of operation. The this of the following Counterclockwise Clockwise Counterclockwise the the of the Clockwise the the of the The that follows the the when the optional heavy Operations
that or caught the while operation. to this Follow the instructions the when or or from the or that the function as expected when with the S70670 or S50670, causing quality. High Quality the Core confirming that the correctly, the to feed the as as the the fixing screws and the that the the than the Operations
the the the right with the right of the and the fixing screw. the the right the the Operations
the the below Stop when The function as expected the too the fixing screw to the the following further instructions. information counterclockwise the following section. information clockwise Clockwise Operations
Counterclockwise the to the the to the the and then the and right Press the the to feed enough wrap around the the switch to and the switch to to the once around the Operations
the switch to the Press the to the the to turn. The the Operations
Clockwise the to the the to the the and then the and right Press the the to enough around the the switch to and the switch to to the once around the Operations
the switch to the Press the to feed the the to turn. The the Operations
the The whether the or the optional heavy Follow the below when using the the heavy, should or the least Follow the instructions the when or or from the or the and the the Cutting To the from off the the its the fixing screw and the from the the the To the from off the the its right Operations
the right fixing screw and the from the the the To the following inspection each the amount of If once the affected replaced. however, that the If know that the that to those that The and shown the If to to white and Operations
White and and once every hours. Although displayed the hours the that they and the of to to head cleaning of the or Checking Head the of the and the Once recalled to instantly The offers of This section to and the that the following: Head Heating Drying Suction Operations
Head Tension Tension information these items, The Follow the below to Choosing that the ready to the button. The displayed. Select and the button. the buttons to and the the buttons to and and then the Operations
that already to the the distinctive to Select and the the buttons to and the character displayed, the to the the to the previous character and the back the the to or of The and feed the feed using collected while printed. the user inspects and correction hand. This section the the feed manually that feed completely the information feed Operations
with the used. the which feed the as the using the the should feed Furthermore the and feed the heavy already the following The or colored. The to sunlight or interference from other light the from of interference. selected the Choose another option to the expected the clogged. head cleaning to clogs. the buttons to and the Select and the Press the to and the (the the head and the the buttons to and the the buttons to the and the Press the to to the Select when selected. Choosing than the reduced quality, or life. Operations
Head Select Head to head when or of The Head and head the head collected while printed. to the and the This section the head the head manually that head completely the information head Correcting (Head The Head) option the S70670 and S50670 followed to satisfactory Head with the used. the that the Head the following The or colored. The to sunlight or interference from other light the from of interference. selected the Choose another option Head to the expected the clogged. head cleaning to clogs. Head when selected the If manually. the buttons to Head and the the buttons to and the Press the to and head Operations
Heating Drying the of the heaters or the the or off (included with the S50670 and optional with other heater as follows: the heaters to the the with the the the or or the however, that the too high the to or This section the the the heaters. the buttons to Heating Drying and the button. Select Heater and the You the of the pre-heater, heater, and heater. the buttons to heater. From the options pre-heater, heater, and heater. selecting the heater, the buttons to choose the the option and the Press the to to the Suction While the suction to the to the the and the head; the amount of with the type of suction thin that would or feed correctly high of suction. the buttons to Suction and the the buttons to choose Select the option and the Press the to to the Operations
Head Choose the which the head the buttons to Head and the the to the and the high-quality Choose the of each printed. the buttons to and the the buttons to choose Select the option and the button. Press the to to the Choose or Printable to the This when the buttons to and the the buttons to the and the Select the option and the Tension recommended Choose the or other the to Tension and the the to the and the the option and the button. Operations
Tension Increase creases appear the The higher the the the If previously to Tension. the buttons to Tension and the the buttons to choose Select the option and the Press the to to the Choose feed creased or torn or together The the the the the buttons to and the the buttons to choose Select the option and the Press the to to the Exiting the Press to the Heater and You heater or the the or off included with the S50670 and optional with other The heater as follows. Pre-heater: C F) Operations
heater: C F) heater: C F) Heater the the Additional to On this the when Additional only when included with the S50670 and optional with other The following the when the optional and Additional each type. the The the heaters to reach the specified with the that the ready, the to the Heating Drying the buttons to the option and the Choose Heater (1)You the of the pre-heater, heater, and heater. the buttons to heater. From the options pre-heater, heater, and heater. selecting the heater, the buttons to choose the (4)Select the option and the Operations
Additional the buttons to On or (2)Press the Correcting (Head that there the head and the the the of affected humidity, forces the head, or the of the head as it from right to or to right, or the of heads S30670). appear or of this Head to the The thickness of the the the and the head. Head each type of recalled instantly the the used. Head or manually. information head Head to the and the the head manually that head completely the that the ready to the button. The displayed. and the the buttons to and the Operations
the to and and then the that already the the buttons to Head and the the to or and the printed. the to where the clearly the necessary. To the the the and the that the least the following this C1 the the to the recorded and the 10.Select each from C1 to BK2 and the 11.The when the the C1 Operations
to or of or manually. information feed This section to feed inspect and correction hand. correction and inspect the with the used. the which feed the as the the the should feed Furthermore, when the heavy the and feed once with the the manually that completely the Operations
and Secondary required. Normally the Secondary the to the of that the ready to the The displayed. Select and the the buttons to and the the buttons to and and then the button. that already the the buttons to and the Select and the Select and the the buttons to and the The the the the The Operations
the to where the clearly the the Record the the or the of the the and right the the buttons, the recorded and the To the the Secondary to the buttons to Secondary and the 14.The the to where the clearly the necessary. Cutting the and the with the lightest Operations
the following this would 16.The displayed the the buttons, the recorded and the the each from to F, and the 18.The the the To the the Performing Press the displayed. the buttons to If the feed amount too appear; the amount upwards. Operations
If, the feed amount too white appear; the feed amount If with the the buttons to Press the when Once the feed amount the The when: The The turned off to the S70670/S50670 The with the of the and the used. Positioning of the with reference to the of the The of the indicated the that when the front cover and the the back of the There the following the the right facing the from the front the Operations
with of this High Quality within the bounds indicated the apply to the when the lowered. that within the friction to that the the the High the high within inch) of the of the of the from to the Positioning of The the below shows the The arrow the Operations
A: (high) The selected the The inch). The of the selected and Margin(Right) the The The to the selected the (or If the selected Margin or that the to the of the the the within inch) of the of the of the from to the Positioning of The the below shows the The arrow the Operations
A: The selected the The inch). Choose inch) when The of the selected and Margin(Right) the The inch). Choose or Margin(Right) inch) when holding The to the selected the (or If the selected Margin or Position that the to the of the Printable S30670 The the below shows the The arrow the feed The of items to as follows: Operations
(right of with the option selected On selected The right of the selected The right (as as the the of the the pre-heater). of with the option selected On selected The of the selected from the right The selected the The inch). Choose inch) when holding The of the selected and Margin(Right) the The inch). Choose or Margin(Right) inch) when holding The to the selected the (or If the selected Margin or Position that the to the of the Operations
Chapter To the following inspection and cleaning each Cleaning the Heater, and Plates The heaters and holding plate to the necessary burns. to or when or closing the front cover. to this injury. and of and from the the heater, and holding these to the Clean them thoroughly. with or to these the head or the the turned off and the turned off, and then the from the the the front cover. Clean the of and from the
S70670, S50670: S30670: Clean the holding and heater.
cloth wring thoroughly, and it to and from the holding plates both the and right and from the Checking that the clogs each to to There three to clogs. The clogs specified with as printed. If detected, the option, Stop or
the following White (S70670) or (S50670). The with other The or The to sunlight or interference from other light selected the At the the of inspect the to whether there or the or following with to or that would too as and inspected to whether the clogged. the from of interference. Choose another option
This section to and inspect confirming that the ready, the The displayed. Select and the printed. the to where the clearly the necessary. To the Inspect the of The
of head cleaning from the Head The when Head The S70670 and S50670 each heads, that clogs, the other. The head that as of Checking This section to the to using head. that the ready, the The displayed. the buttons to and the the buttons to Head and the buttons to the head and Procedures Specialty White and to to the of the the following to
Once every the white and This the to white and to the and causing clogs. turning the off leading to malfunction, that the turned off. Displayed The following displayed the when white and and MS/WH and WH cartridge(s). Although the while the displayed, the indicated the to to Refresh Should of noted white or Circulation the If the turned off and noted turned WH,MS Refresh or WH,WH Refresh The following section these operations Press the when the ready to the
the buttons, highlight Circulation WH,MS Refresh or WH,WH Refresh and The or refresh the Head S70670 If the to than and off, recommended to head If the recommended to head S50670 If the to than and off, recommended to head If the recommended to head The information. Head Cleaning Should the or to the cleaning the head as below. There to the head the or other You the head while however, that the when resumed. Head Cleaning Choose from three of head cleaning. Select (Light) first. If the or head cleaning once, or
If or head cleaning, cleaning. The options head cleaning selected as below. Cleaning Head cleaning selected of to hours. Cleaning Head cleaning selected of to This section to the head that the Press the when the ready to the Pressing the when to the to Cleaning and the
Choose the to cleaned. Choose this option the or If to Selected Choose this option of the arrays) the or You arrays. Choose the to cleaned. the buttons to choose the with or the and the selecting the to clean, Proceed and the Select cleaning and the Head cleaning The when cleaning and inspect the to whether the Checking If the when head cleaning the to whether the The cleaning and to the the with which the used. to life. This with that when the to Cleaning and
Preparation and Notes What Ready the following items cleaning. Protective included) Protects from and cleaner. with cleaning wiper, cleaner, and flushing once the of the exhausted. and Products Used that otherwise when the around the wipers, and head cleaned. and Products included) lint-free cleaning cloth. to around the head. The that with the Used cleaning and wiper, cleaner, and flushing from the If the cleaning and other cleaning that, to the characteristics of the to Notes Cleaning the from the proceeding. Complete the within to the head sound the boards, or that cleaning.
to this malfunction or reduced quality. only the cleaning or Other of that the head. fresh cleaning Re-using to the of the from the head. or the or the congeals when with or Touch to electricity. To that with cleaning apply to cleaning and the as below. location of reach of Wear protective eyewear and when Cleaner. Cleaner, and thoroughly. Should or or mouth, immediately the following If to immediately off using of physician the appears irritated or If immediately with to this or inflammation. If physician immediately; induce
about of the with the cleaner. the cleaning with cleaner. allow to from the cleaning the to clean. should only to the around the wiper, and head. other of the the Used classified as and should of the as of sunlight. Cleaning To and clean the head, wiper, and as below. that cleaning least once Cleaning should the or head cleaning
Clean the the following head the Head This section to the head cleaning. to follow the below when positioning the head. the head manually malfunction. Confirm that the and The displayed. the buttons to Head and the Press the button to the head to the cleaning
the covers each Cleaning Around the Head Inspect the around the head and as below. that the S70670 and S50670 heads; to inspect both. cleaning to the of the head shown the to cleaning to clean the (the four shown the the Touching the with the cleaning the head. The S70670 and S50670 heads that to cleaned. the of the head using amount of to included).
S70670/S50670 The head the Head and the head the right Head S30670
to the cleaning. to this the head. The shown below to this with or to this quality. Cleaning and The S70670 and S50670 wipers and Clean the front and back of the with cleaning If the cleaning, the as shown below and to If there the the cleaning. Proceed to
the wiper. the the to the and Clean the front and back of the with cleaning Clean the of the with cleaning
Clean the with cleaning the when cleaning the the and clicks If the the S70670 or S50670 stained, the from Clean the of the with cleaning The S70670 and S50670 the S30670 four.
the of the to this the affected Cleaning the to clean the malfunction. Press the to the to the rear. the cleaner. Press the release as shown, then the from the
cleaning with Cleaner Clean the shown. the that to its the and hear click. of the S70670 or S50670 to to and the both covers and the
of to of to the bottle when the following the bottle. bottle and location of reach of Wear protective eyewear and when bottle. the bottle, thoroughly. the bottle while the head cleaning or head cleaning to this to The from the with the and of government required. of to At this please the to the You from the EPSON The and displays when the counter reaches the the counter the bottle. If the bottle prompted the the counter the Counter option the The Should or or mouth, immediately the following If to immediately off of physician the appears irritated or If immediately with to this or inflammation. If physician immediately; induce
the counter when the bottle. the counter the bottle the to the the the bottle from the bottle the the mouth of the bottle and the bottle the Tightly the the bottle.
to that the the mouth of the bottle. the surrounding the the bottle. You the the bottle when of the throw Press the to that fresh bottle correctly and then the to the counter. the and Cleaner the and as directed below: Once every months the front of the (the to with Confirm that the and The displayed. the buttons to Head and the Press the to the head to the cleaning
the right cover. the cleaner. the as shown and from the cleaner.
the and hear click. the wiper. the the and the wiper.
the and hear of the S70670 or S50670 to to and the wiper. the cover and the The when the head to its the Flushing the flushing as directed below: Once months appear the or from the appears the front of the flushing
Confirm that the and The displayed. the buttons to Head and the button. Press the to the head to the cleaning the right cover. the flushing the as shown below and the of the Immediately the flushing to from the flushing
the the flushing the as shown and the the clicks the cover and the The when the head to its
Cleaning Sheet these to to cleaned heater, holding plates head that cleaning once Cleaned Explanation Clean from or Cleaning should the or head cleaning Complete the within to the head to cleaning to the (the four shown Touching the with the cleaning the head. (T699300) that otherwise
these to to Flushing that this once every months. that this once every months. bottle bottle when reaches the the bottle. (T724100) once the of the exhausted. the bottle to another bottles with bottles (T724000). Cleaned Explanation when appear the or when or from the appear the front of the flushing when the front of the (the to with the when the cleaner. the bottle, the counter.
Cartridges If of the expended, If warning displayed, the cartridge(s) as as If while the when the of and Products The below to cleaning head to You the to the of EPSON the or of The of that covered warranties, and Information about displayed, and of recorded service the the the to
the the top of the and the straight around the supply to the surrounding when the the from its the about (2-inch) to seconds the white, and seconds the other each to only seconds. the IC to properly. the the to the front.
Match the of the to the of the the the to the lock. to to other using or and You of the empty. White and the should and as once every hours, other once That The following head: The the head to with the of the head, to the and
The head of service life. the as the near. The while this displayed. The might displayed head with operating the to the head the of the or EPSON information selecting the The
Chapter the Operations The as shown below. The following items and and the the reference each Items or with apply to the S70670 and S50670; items with apply to the S50670; items with the S70670. the
Item The On, to to to to Select RIP to currently selected The options whether RIP or selected. The options RIP and to below. RIP Head Head) thickness. Head) Printable Printable Tension Periodically, Every Tension to to to half-size characters Head) Head Head) Heating Drying Heater Pre-heater/platen heater: C to C F to F) Drying to Heater Additional On, heater: C to C F to F) the
Item Suction to Head Width, to Printable Printable Tension Periodically, Every Tension to to Margin(Right) to to inch) to to inch) to to inch) On, On, On, Head Warning Warning On, Warning to to Stop to Cleaning Light to hours Cleaning to Heat to Head Heads Head Head the
Item The The The The Network The Network Cleaning (Light), Head 1/Head Head Head Selected (Light), WH, XX Refresh XX/XX, Head1 Head2 Head Head Head Counter (XXXXXX Prints myEpsonPrinter Not Started, Disabled, XXXXXXX,X_XX,XXXX IP IP: On, Last_Uploaded:, (Not Uploaded), MM/DD/YY HH:MM GMT SM: DG: the
Item Preference The Preference The MM/DD/YY HH:MM English, Spanish, Korean, Chinese Unit: Unit: C, Sound On, On, the
of the Items or with apply to the S70670 and S50670, while items with with the S50670 only. Items with the S70670. The The directly the Item Explanation Choose On to and record, or to and record, On the amount of and options when On selected. The shows the amount of based the selected and the amount of to to and to You to to displayed the amount of reaches this length. Choose from and and You to the amount of the with another type of You then this as the the the used. Select Explanation RIP Choose the to If RIP selected, the selected the software RIP used. and to the the to the
Item Explanation currently selected The options whether RIP or selected. More information the options found below the RIP and to RIP Item Explanation (the the head and the the selected the software RIP. Head thickness. to to thickness of from to to Head to head when or of the head collected while printed. Head Head) head) Choose Printable or Printable to the Printable Choose or Every to the Tension and to The however to or other that which should however, that and the of the become stained. the following Tension to Increase creases appear The higher the the the Every The of recommended Choose scratched or smudged.Select only when selected. Choosing than the reduced quality, or life. to the and the Correcting (Head the of Every that increase. the
to Item Explanation Assign the to half-size characters distinctive to this option or of head cleaning and head Choose the (the the head and the Head Select Head to head when or of the head collected while printed. Head Heating Drying Head) Head) feed the feed using collected while printed. the inspects and the hand. The of recommended Choose scratched or Select when selected. Choosing than the reduced or life. to the and the Correcting (Head the
Item Explanation Heater Pre-heater/platen heater: C to C F to F) Drying to Select the the head to allow each Choose from and seconds. The the to with and the used. If the the the To feed to the heater choose or Heater otherwise, choose Select On to or to the optional Additional On that when On selected, the off with the heaters when the Heat The back when the heaters operation. Suction to Suction to the the and the head; the amount with the type of suction increase the the head and thin or reducing or the feeding normally. such to suction. The suction when the lowered. Head Choose the which the head Choose the of each printed. Choose Printable or to the Printable Printable heater: C to C F to F) to The the and heaters each separately. Increasing the increases the to If selected, the rewound the Select this option the the If selected, the rewound the Select this option consecutively. This item displayed when the optional restricts head to the Restricting the of head increases If selected, the head the of the the Select this option with the
Item Explanation Choose or Every to the Tension and to recommended The however to or other that which should however, that and the of the become stained. the following Tension to Increase creases appear the The higher the the the to Choose thin creased or torn or together The the the the Explanation the of to information and Printable S70670/S50670 and S30670 Item Explanation Margin(Right) to to Choose the of the right when the inch) Margin with the of used. to to Choose the of the when the inch) Margin with the of used. to this to from the of the to inch) or to the from the Margin(Right) The the right of the and If selected Margin(Right) to the selected Margin(Right) Margin with the of used. Every the of Select Every that increase. the
Item Explanation Choose whether the On or On the of the the displays when the correctly loaded. however, that the the of the when selected. the of the the of the to with this to On Choose whether the On or On the of the the displays when the correctly loaded. to with this to On On detected, the and On or On recommended as the to Head Warning Warning Choose whether the (On) or the Warning On If On selected, the when the to head On recommended other and to the The to the the following instances when On selected. selected The to The high the
Item Explanation Choose the with which the or once to while selected. If to selected, the clogs the specified with as printed. Choose the when Choose the with which the or once to while selected. To the top of to option and inspect the to whether there or the or following Cleaning Light to hours Choose the with which the head cleaning each or to hours. Cleaning while selected. If and hours selected, head cleaning the specified of hours. If or the when the specified Cleaning only or the reactivated. Cleaning Choose the with which the head cleaning: or once every to Head cleaning while selected. to to head cleaning the specified of printed. to Stop to to that of of the following The or The to sunlight or interference from other light the from of interference. selected the Choose another option If selected, the Clog Detected head cleaning inspecting the If Stop selected, the Clog and Inspect the and choose whether to or to the of the The following the Turning the Choosing another option this Manually head cleaning that when selected the the head to the from the
Item Explanation Heat to You off the heaters when and This option to choose the the heaters off automatically. Head Heads Select this option dual-head to with the head when of the heads clogged. Select to items the to their The The directly the Item Explanation printed. Inspect the and head cleaning or Checking Cleaning Head 1/Head Head Head Selected Circulation Select this option should of when with white or Head Head The when the Heat the off and the internal and other If (included with the S50670, optional with other off automatically. To the the The however off operations another seconds these The and heaters only reactivated when received, the used, or another operation The head that as of Checking and Head the of that or and clean or selected Select to (or the selected head). Choose Selected to clean the selected The of cleaning selected from (Light) and Select (Light) first. If the (Light) choose If the choose Head Refresh the
Item Explanation WH,MS Refresh Select this option should of once the turned following of WH,WH Refresh Head XX/XX The options displayed with the of used. Head Head the head such as cleaning the wiper, and the around head using this option to the head cleaning. the head manually malfunction. Counter this item to the counter bottle. the counter when the bottle. the counter the bottle the to the The Item Explanation Head1 Head2 WH,MS Refresh when selected the S70670, WH,WH Refresh when selected the S50670. Refresh the head cleaning Head the selected The of cleaning below. If and Head1 selected: S70670 S70670 S50670 S50670 S30670: Selected only: Select the and Products You the of each the the
The These items to Item Explanation Sheet You the information the to The information includes the and each to the of XXXXXX Prints Select Prints to the of (XXXXXX (to of The These items and Item Explanation Sheet showing and the of this option to of information about the and the of myEpsonPrinter Not Started, Disabled, You myEpsonPrinter or If the displayed. This function and Last_Uploaded:, (Not Uploaded), MM/DD/YY HH:MM GMT XXXXXXX,X_XX,XXXX the The Network Item Explanation IP Choose whether IP obtained or manually DHCP. If selected, IP and information. IP: XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX Choose whether On or the On interface. SM: XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX DG: XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX the
Item Explanation to the this information of Select to items the Network to their The Preference Item Explanation MM/DD/YY HH:MM the built-in clock. The the clock when and sheets. Select the the Unit: Choose the of the and when Unit: C Choose the the Sound On On or the that sounds when On On or the that lights when English French Spanish Dutch Chinese F the
The Explanation Select to the Preference Unit: and Unit: the
Chapter Displayed If of the following displayed, and follow the instructions below. What to bottle. The bottle Ready bottle. and Products Cartridge or the least four hours the Notes Cartridge detected. or Cartridge and the cleaning If the cleaning cleaning the cleaning that caused the to The Ready and Products Warming One or heaters to the specified To Force to without the heater to the Press and that the software RIP with Command RIP. the Unit Matching of Unit and Unit. Then detected. Stop and head cleaning inspecting the Cleaning recommended. Head F/W the head nearing of The head The head nearing the service life. of its service life. That Replaced and the If the the that caused the to the least four hours the cleaning The feeding with the the heavy feeding with the heavy If mismatched the feeding and the off and the the and the Turn the off, and then the EPSON LFP Remote to the firmware If this appears the LCD EPSON Support.
What to Unit correctly attached to the The currently the the and the Loaded or incorrectly. Release and incorrectly. Reposition Press the and to the switch the to then back and the to the Loading and The the inches)*. the least inches) If this though the the the selected *The inches). Press to clear the from the If the displayed head feed or the following. the supported? The options the with or or light with the process? If the exposed to sunlight or interference from other light the from these selected the The options when selected the head feed head cleaning. Head Cleaning If this displayed other than those that the the One of the following occurred. Reposition the as Printable of the the bounds of the of the the bounds of the The the of the the type. (A high the other.) On selected the and that the the bounds of the Printable S70670/S50670 and Printable S30670 You using the the high High Quality
Call/Service What to Soon/Replace XXXXXXXX Service XXXX XXXX off and then If this the and service. Call-for-Service The indicated the type of 15A*, 1A**, 1F**, reached of service Mechanical Heater the nearing the of its service life. or EPSON and them the You clear the the replaced. service to the service when: The connected securely that cleared service occurred, the Turn off the the from the outlet and from the AC the and then Turn the If the service the LCD EPSON them the service "XXXX".
Troubleshooting You the The turn o the the or the the securely the o there with the the another The with the o the properly? the interface securely the of the and the Also, the If try connecting with the o the interface match the specifications the the interface match the specifications the and the Specifications o the interface connected directly to the If switching or the and the to the their combinations. the and the directly with the interface and normally. o using USB correctly? the USB of to USB that the to the first directly to the the the of the become If this should the USB directly USB o the USB correctly? the USB correctly the If has, the USB from the and the directly to the the USB about USB operation. You the o the correct? the
o the directly to the USB and then to If USB, there the or to the If USB, the section this The o Confirm occurred the the lights and the and Displayed The sounds it nothing The head nothing o Confirm the operation. without the to and hence to function and Checking to the following section information what to the correctly. o the the The the while without off the Not Correctly o head cleaning. The clogged. head cleaning. Head o the If the the and clogged. to when the Notes when using the
The what expected too light, or too o the head clogged? If the clogged, fire and the Checking o Head Select Head to the head when or of Correcting (Head o the amount or of to the used. o EPSON This with EPSON If or the of the the correctly detected. to the o using The when used. the with the the the the or within months of whichever o the heaters the the the or or the however, that the too high the to or the heaters to reach the the The heaters the reaching the selected the too cold. Allow the to to o correct? Confirm that the the software RIP or the match the actually o selected Head Selecting Head the increases slightly reduce Head o the with the the and differently, match on-screen perfectly. o cover covers the head to abruptly, the covers while
o the The when the the with If there the head cleaning The properly the o the correctly and the correct? If the correctly, the off or of the printed. You should whether the options selected Margin and the Loading S30670 and o the If selected the when the and appear the to On the o the enough the Although normally the than the the of the selected the Choose On the o the head bidirectional With bidirectional the head while and right. If the head accordingly. If with bidirectional Head Correcting (Head The or o the too thick or too thin? specifications to that with the If software RIP, the information the and that used. o the of waves and while the If developed, the the to the and the affected that the and to waves o the creased or that creased or from the and the head, or o the wiper, or head stained? or around the wiper, or head caused build-up of Clean the affected
o the head the Smear caused the head the the to the It choosing high Tension or Tension Creased o the Tension and options the the If these options correctly the the creased or torn Tension and o the heaters too high? heater to the o selecting Tension the to of the or other that with Tension o the twisted?. The when to force. when the twisted the to crease or tear. twisted straightened as below. Straightening the the from the attached). Press the the
the the the both the o the creased or with or that back its leading or creased or other feed affected these of o the too thick or too thin? the to whether it the If software RIP, the information the and that used. o Suction too high? Suction. Suction when the o selected Tension recommended Tension
Removing Follow the below to to or when or closing the front cover. to this injury. the front cover. Turn off the If displayed and the off, both the holding installed. Cease of the the holding the or head. EPSON Support.
If the head the from the the head only the holding with holding plates the head. the the to the and to torn or creased Manually the that the Turn the
If the off the head and and properly when Turning the the head. the and Loading S70670/S50670 or Loading S30670 Others Heaters Turn off or the Optional Additional Drying o The and heaters off and The the heaters off selected using the Heat option the The heaters reactivated when received, the used, or another included with the S50670. The turning off. o the The when the Heat and the heaters off. The the heaters turn off selected the The heaters reactivated and when received, the used, or another operation The light the o This The light and normally the
Chapter and Products The following options and products with (as of February the information, the EPSON Product Explanation S70670 Black T715100 recommends the of EPSON the or of The of that covered warranties, and Information about displayed,and of recorded service to S50670 Black T689100 S30670 Black T689100 Cleaning T699000 to the head. T724100 the cleaning sticks, wipers, cleaner, and flushing (included with the S50670). Cleaner T699300 that otherwise T715200 T715300 T715400 Light T715500 Light T715600 Light Black T715700 T715800 White T715A00 T715B00 T689200 T689300 T689400 White T715A00 T689200 T689300 T689400
Product Explanation T724000 to the bottle with the Plate C12C890891 to the holding with the High C890751 to blow the and (included with the S50670). The C12C890761 feeding and heavy to or Supported The following with the greatly affected the type and of used. Choose to the hand. information to the with the or the that and the purchasing that scuffed, torn, or dirty. with types, such as and or inch outer to inches) to to inches) thickness to inch) to or inch to inches) to to inches) thickness to inch) to
and Transporting the This section to and the the This section that the to another location the without or lifts. below information the or to another the than or back while to this the causing the to this the head to Ready Confirm that the off. the bottle. the Bottle the cords and other from the feeding and Unlock the Release the the and right and the
the the casters the to the They the follow the below to ready that the location the the and the the to Checking Head and Head the EPSON the software RIP.
Specifications Table Specifications S70670: Light Light Light White) ESC/P Friction memory MB Interface USB-Compatible with the USB Specification. Rated AC to 120V Rated to Rated 10A (AC to 120V) Rated 1A (AC to 120V) S70670 and S50670: (White, Yellow) S30670: yellow) MB Network 100BASE-TX/1000Base-T AC to 240V 5A (AC to 240V) 0.5A (AC to 240V) Ready off: or S50670 and Ready Approx. off: or S30670 and Ready off: or
Specifications to C/59 to F to C/68 to F recommended) to to recommended) (without (W) (D) (H) or (W) (D) (H) S70670: shielded or included with the S50670. included Specifications S70670: White, Light Light Light the the months (from containing Uninstalled: to C to F) (within month 40C or F) Cartridge (W) (D) (H) or (W) (D) (H) inches Capacity White: the to 40C to o F) (within month 40C or o F) to (without (W) (D) (H) or (W) (D) (H) inches S50670: S30670: S50670: White S30670: Installed: to 40C to F) four 40C or F)) to 60C to F) (within month 40C or F, within hours 60C or F) Other
and UL CSA C22.2 Directive 2006/95/EC EN EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class AS/NZS CISPR Class EMC Directive 2004/108/EC EN Class Warning: This this interference which the to EN EN EN
Where To Contacting technical and information the installation, and New products operation of professional products through the EPSON Warranty AM to PM, through and hours of to without Unit ID which included with the EPSON Warranty information that with and of purchase. U.S. (www.epson.com/support) or (www.epson.ca/support) and to You firmware, and and troubleshooting or with other software the that software technical information. Purchase and Accessories You purchase EPSON and from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or New to sections The "other" products SPC, and SIDM. Where To
Software Terms Source Software This includes the software which apply the Apple Source or its the of the to the Apple Source or its years the of of this If to the of the please the "Contacting Customer or of this and the of You redistribute and/or the terms of the Apple Source or its These WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The Apple Source as follows. You the Apple Source APPLE PUBLIC SOURCE LICENSE Definitions. This to or other which Apple Computer, Inc. publicly and which Apple such or as and that to the terms of this Apple Source this "Applicable Rights" the where Apple the of rights, of that or acquired, owned or assigned to Apple and that cover the to the to and/or the without and the where You the of rights, of that or or assigned to You and that cover or with "Contributor" or that or to the creation of Modifications. Software Terms
the Modifications, the of and Modifications, and/or respective thereof. "Externally Deploy" to or otherwise directly or indirectly, to other than and/or to or as of Work, to service, including to of through with other than Work" which or thereof with the terms of this "Modifications" to, from, and/or to, the and/or of the previous Modifications, the of and Modifications, and/or thereof. released as of to or from the of containing and/or or other of that of the Source of or other as originally Apple this including the Source of or to such or Apple this and that Apple as such the header of such and the from such Source and originally Apple this "Source the of or other that to including associated interface to and of or or rights this or includes which by, or with, where the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. Conditions Restrictions. to the terms and of this Apple effective the You this and the royalty-free, to the of Applicable Rights and copyrights covering the to the following: You internally within organization, and Externally of the or that each instance: Software Terms
You and of the copyright and other and of Apple as they appear the and intact the that to this and You include of this with of Source of and You or Externally and You offer or such Source that or this or the rights as Section You and internally within organization, and Externally and or that each instance You of these You the of Section with to the Source of the You to the already the each of the Source of Modifications, and the to that You the and the of and If You Externally Modifications, You Source of Externally Deployed to those to whom You Externally Deployed Modifications, or publicly Source of Externally Deployed released the terms forth this including the forth Section below, as as Externally the or months from the of whichever You should preferably the Source of Externally Deployed electronically from Distribution of You Externally and/or Modifications) only, You include the as as related that Source of the the terms of this with information and where to such Source Third Party Rights. You acknowledge and that although Apple and each the to their of the forth Apple or that the the or other property rights of other entity. Apple and each to You brought other based of property rights or otherwise. to the rights and You responsibility to other property rights third to allow You to the responsibility to that the Software Terms
of, and as to, the to You this You to or or this royalty-free, Applicable Rights and other property rights (other than or to and Externally of the and as Sections and Works. You Work combining with other the terms of this and the Work as each such instance, You the of this the or thereof. as stated Section other rights, or implied, Apple and/or Works from Apple which Apple its Additional You choose to offer, and to charge fee warranty, indemnity or obligations and/or other rights with the of the ("Additional to or of You and as responsibility, and of Apple or Contributor. You the that such Additional Terms offered You and You to and Apple and incurred or Apple or such reason of such Additional of the Apple and/or of this from to Each distinguishing Once published of this You to the terms of that You choose to such the of of this published other than Apple the right to the terms to created this Software Terms
NO WARRANTY OR SUPPORT. The whole or untested, or tested The that or of and or You acknowledge and that of the or thereof, and THE COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY, UPGRADES OR SUPPORT OF ANY KIND AND APPLE AND APPLE'S LICENSOR(S) (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS "APPLE" FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTIONS AND AND ALL CONTRIBUTORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. APPLE AND EACH CONTRIBUTOR DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE COVERED CODE, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE COVERED CODE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE COVERED CODE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE COVERED CODE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY APPLE, AN APPLE AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR SHALL CREATE WARRANTY. You acknowledge that the the operation of or which the of the to death, injury, or physical or LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS LICENSE OR YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE COVERED CODE, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCTS LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF APPLE OR SUCH CONTRIBUTOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. to You (other than as this the amount of This rights to the or "Apple", "Apple Computer", OS", "QuickTime", "QuickTime Streaming or other service or to Apple (collectively "Apple or to service or to Contributor. You to Apple or as of the of products from the or to or products from the other than as and with Apple's third which Software Terms
Ownership. to the this each rights, title and and to such Contributor. Apple rights, title and and to the and or of Apple ("Apple Modifications"), and such Apple to this Apple its choose to such Apple this or terms from those this or choose to them Termination. Termination. This and the rights without from Apple You to comply with term(s) of this and to such breach within of becoming of such breach; immediately the of the Section or without from Apple the of this action that Apple first action You that instance. Effect of Termination. termination, You to immediately further reproduction, sublicensing and of the to the which properly to termination termination of this Provisions which, their should the termination of this including to Sections and to other indemnity or of as of terminating this with its terms, and termination of this without to other right or of party. Government Users. The as FAR Government software and technical rights the include only those rights to the as this This customary technical and software with FAR (Technical and Software) and, of purchases, DFAR (Technical Items) and (Rights Software or Software Accordingly, U.S. Government with those rights forth Relationship of This as creating agency, partnership, or other of or Apple or Contributor, and You to the contrary, whether expressly, appearance or otherwise. Software Terms
Nothing this right to others and/or or products that the or functions or otherwise with, Modifications, Works, or products that You or Waiver; Construction. Apple or to of this waiver of of that or other or which that the of the apply to this Severability. If reason of of this or thereof, to that of the to the as to the and of the and the of this force and Notwithstanding the or restricts You from and/or specifically complying with Sections and/or or the enforceability of of those Sections, this immediately terminate and You immediately of the and of that or or other You and Apple relating to this the Northern District of California, and You and Apple to the of, and the and within that District with to this The of the United Nations Contracts the International of excluded. This the the with to the hereof. This the of the United States and the State of California, that of California concerning conflicts of Where You located the of the following The that they that this and related English. tous EXHIBIT A. Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. Rights This and/or of as and that to the Apple Source (the You this with the Please of the and this Software Terms
The and software distributed the distributed 'AS IS' WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND APPLE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please the the rights and the Other Software Info-ZIP copyright and This of the Info-ZIP The of this should ftp://ftp.info-zip.org/pub/infozip/license.html indefinitely and Copyright Info-ZIP. rights the of this copyright and Info-ZIP as the following of Jean-Michel Goatley, Chris Herborth, Heath, Jonathan P. Salisbury, Smith, M. Christian White. to to this software including and to and redistribute freely, to the and the following Redistributions of whole or the copyright and this of Redistributions and the copyright and this of and/or other with the The to this redistribution of (including as of self-extracting archive; that without inclusion of this as as the SFX from the or Software Terms
versions--including, to, to operating existing with graphical interfaces, with or functionality, and shared, or from Info-ZIP--must plainly as such and as the or, from the as Info-ZIP releases--including, of the with the Info-ZIP (or thereof, including, to, UnZip, or without the of Info-ZIP. further from of the or Info-ZIP or the Info-ZIP URL(s), such as to imply Info-ZIP the Info-ZIP the right to the Info-ZIP, UnZip, UnZip, and its and releases. Software Terms