Thursday, July PM
Thursday, July PM rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Concerning of Copyrighted each to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright PRINT Matching, and the PRINT and USB DIRECT-PRINT, and the USB DIRECT- PRINT of Corporation. RPM and service of Inc. SD Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, and Memory PRO of Corporation. Card of Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. Copyright Notice
Thursday, July PM Introduction RX580 as the this to: of or memory directly from or PDA CDs or or photo from Scan or to USB flash or CD This to of these things without turning RX580 when to or instructions, the selecting the Please follow these as RX580 instructions: Warning: to to to Notes information about RX580. hints copying, scanning, and Introduction
Thursday, July PM the RX580 Copy or and to or or CD/DVDs; or To the the RX580 You light around the buttons. Press to the RX580. Then the the to Introduction the RX580; CD/DVD PictBridge or Bluetooth Stop or copying;
Thursday, July PM Loading The type of choose affects the the If or rough the of of and information. the then the the front cover. Loading
Thursday, July PM the front the front the (lower) If the to the front the to the If the hinged the Loading
Thursday, July PM the the right The whiter or brighter than the other first, the beneath the 6-inch, 7-inch 10-inch You to of or to of the fits the arrow the the the of the too tightly). information and instructions 6-inch, 10-inch 7-inch Loading
Thursday, July PM You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Bright White inches) S041586 Heavyweight Double-sided Loading inches S041934 inches) S041935 inches S041808 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286 inches S041982 inches) S041331 inches S041134 inches) S041141 inches S041467 inches) S041257 inches) S041568 S041727 S041667 S041671 S041809 S041649 S041271
Thursday, July PM Quality Iron-on Cool inches) S041153 Quality A4 inches) S041106 The of and location. and Prints With photographs from RX580 years. The the of and longevity when with that properly or with that and lengthen life: or protective to them from atmospheric humidity, and high of with photographs, from sunlight. from high or photo acid-free, archival commonly from stores. the inches) S041062 inches) S041405
Thursday, July PM Copying or Follow the instructions these the the below) Copying Copying Selecting Copy and Restoring Color the the the cover and face-down the the corner. Copying or
Thursday, July PM the cover that the cover where and heavy top of the RX580. If to thick or the cover. and straight If to the while too and to the the back the the the
Thursday, July PM Copying You or and white, using or of the RX580 turned the as to the cover. to sheets of or of as Press the Copy Press or to choose or B&W If than the to the If to or other Press the to If to the Stop/Clear that printed; ejected to the front The exactly the as the or
Thursday, July PM Copying You photograph or 11-inch You easily to to The to using of scrapbook and creative or the as to the cover. photo as Press the Copy Press or to choose or B&W If than the to the Press then and OK These selected when to 6-inch If to such as white or then and information. If to or type of or other the information. The RX580 it off. as necessary, then OK Press the to copying. If to the Stop/Clear that printed; to the front If to the Copying
Thursday, July PM Selecting Copy You copying and of reducing or or other of The off the RX580. Copying Press the Copy Press to then Press or to of the following then OK Copying with the to the of the only). slightly expanded and to the CD/DVD Copy CD or DVD. information. Wallet Copy of or as sheets. Copy originals the first scanned, the the Then both originals of Copying or
Thursday, July PM Copying Copy Prints as as Prints four Copying You choose from and of and other to the Press the Copy Press the Press or to then the Press or to of the following then OK Select to photo its You reduce or using the or buttons. and the to Select the type of loaded. of and the Select the loaded. Quality or Quality. Copy or slightly and to the of If too of off, or If white photo, Selecting Copy
Thursday, July PM Reprinting and Restoring If to inches), them back to the Restoration that follow the to and or to and white. or the the shown, they least inch and inch from the of the as Press the Specialty Press or to highlight then OK Press the or buttons to Restoration On then OK (If to that restoration, choose Press OK about the of OK Copying or inch inch inch
Thursday, July PM The photo(s) and restored. You the LCD The If to photo, the Display/Crop and the and of the yellow information about If copying to the photo. to the photo. Press the Press or to choose from the below, then Press OK when choose or the type of choose the of the loaded. choose or Quality this cant from when reprinting or restoring Effect choose (to or B&W (to and white). slightly expanded and to the of If too of off, or Press the to or If to the Stop/ Clear Reprinting and Restoring
Thursday, July PM From Memory Card The RX580 directly from memory of the memory the RX580 and ready to You follow the to from USB The and lighting corrected. You manually the brightness and and without these Compatible Cards and the Card From USB to Select Touching Cards Camera-Selected DPOF Restoring instructions copying memory RX580 and or from Bluetooth on-screen To directly from or PDA, From Memory Card
Thursday, July PM Compatible Cards and You the following of with RX580: Top The RX580 that the following with DCF or JPEG or TIFF, DOS FAT (FAT or with DCF or to of to of Top Card CompactFlash Supports Compatible Cards and Card Card Memory Memory Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO SD Card SDHC Card Card* Card* Card* Card*
Thursday, July PM the Card the RX580 turned the memory cover. If the the the the than and force the the the memory light off and that of the then the The memory light flashes and then the memory cover. instructions. From Memory Card Memory light
Thursday, July PM to the the memory light flashing, then the straight of its the or off the RX580 while the memory light flashing; the If RX580 to or XP, off the RX580 or the USB when memory the On Macintosh, the memory the the to the off the or the USB the From USB USB directly from the the RX580 turned and there memory its memory If memory the RX580 the USB the directly to the USB EXT.I/F the front of the RX580. From USB
Thursday, July PM If this or to the to from, then OK You and the as from memory the following sections instructions. You each photo individually, of or once. memory or USB as Press the Memory Card Press or to and then OK. You first photo, with information as shown: To the photo only, without the information, the Display/Crop To the Display/Crop From Memory Card
Thursday, July PM If to of or to Press OK to If to or replay the or If to OK Then to the RX580 Memory Card and memory or USB and The and option and choose to Press the Memory Card Press or to choose and then OK Press or to choose the to
Thursday, July PM photo to the If than the and each to Press the and choose If to Press OK to and selections. loaded, then the to If to the Stop/Clear the Memory Card You the memory once. the Memory Card Press or to choose then OK To of to If than of the Press the and choose then OK enough loaded, then the to If to the Stop/Clear button. From Memory Card
Thursday, July PM from The that the Memory Card Press or to choose then OK to of Press or to highlight then to appears the the selected. If to selection, each to choose then OK If than of of the Then OK To the the selected, or those selected If photo that to the to Press the and choose then OK Press the to If to the Stop/Clear
Thursday, July PM Choosing choosing the to choose the type, and as below. The choose apply to selected and the RX580 off. Press the Press to choose or to the that matches the type of loaded, then OK to the below: this PremGlossy Bright White Iron-on Cool Heavyweight Double-sided Double-sided Quality Quality Press to highlight then to of Press or to choose then OK Press to highlight then to of layouts. From Memory Card Select this
Thursday, July PM Press or to of the following options, then OK Prints rotates the to the as necessary. Prints with around the rotates the to the as necessary. Prints the top of the ID Prints wallet of only Prints of of Prints Prints four Prints Prints with the photo and each Prints with the and each only Prints with the and each or and If the off the Press to highlight Quality, then Press or to or then OK. that when the Quality Press or to highlight the shown the following then to the of options. Press or to the option then OK.
Thursday, July PM Select B&W to and white. Select to photo tone old-fashioned Select PhotoEnhance to the brightness, and of photos.This recommended the Select On to information. Brightness this too light or too this to increase the Sharpness this to or the of higher the appear while appear Prints the photo of the following (Apr.13.2006), (13.Apr.2006), or Info. Select On to and ISO Select On to to the the selected. Select to off and white around the photo. Bidirectional Select On to increase the to the slightly expanded and to the sheet of If too of photo off, or From Memory Card Select P.I.M to PRINT or
Thursday, July PM Touching RX580 the and without PhotoEnhance automatically corrects or tones, and sharpens scenery. the of too of bright background PhotoEnhance the lighting that the brighter the (This when of the photo with both These apply to selected and They and they reflected the RX580 Removing Red-Eye If appear to red, them without software or the or to of the selection through The RX580 to the Press the Press to then Press or to On then OK Press OK then the to or This Automatically to selected off necessary. the or to of the selection through Press the button. Press to then From Memory Card
Thursday, July PM Select from these options, then OK PhotoEnhance the brightness, and of P.I.M. PRINT or (this option selected when P.I.M. Select this to P.I.M., or PhotoEnhance. Press OK then the to or This To to the To to the ones, follow the the section. Manually the or to then follow these Press the Press or to choose of these then Effect choose old-fashioned or B&W and white Brightness choose Brighter Brightest or choose Higher or Highest Sharpness choose Sharpest or choose Higher Highest or Lowest CD/DVD choose or as necessary, then OK. These and apply to selected them. To to the Press OK then the to or Touching
Thursday, July PM RX580 the with and to You the Display/Crop to the of the to or This allows to without affecting the to the Display/Crop You around photo. This the that the the the to (or as follows: Press or to the to of the photo. Press the to and of the photo. Press the to and of the photo. Press the to the and To the Press OK You of photo. Press the to the or of Press OK and as Press the to photo. If to the Stop/Clear From Memory Card
Thursday, July PM slightly and to the of If too of off, the as below. Press the Press to choose then If too of off, or (least If white photo, Press OK to This To to their If photo too or to the selected of the cropped. If to with white the of the off Cropped To off or Press the Press or to then Select or On then OK This To to their turned turned off
Thursday, July PM Cards You with from memory or USB The and include To first and template Then the template and to cards. of memory as Press the Specialty Press to highlight Card then OK Select and Template highlighted, and OK Press or to choose the photo to the then OK Press the to the template From Memory Card Thank Thank Thank
Thursday, July PM the template or to the each of the following: The type of The (whether white or The of to the the template write the that photo: or vertically. To of the following: or directly the to the then the completed template (and the cards) might of the following: ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC Thank ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC Thank the template the the corner, that the top of the the of the Thank ABC or ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank ABC or ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC Cards OK: Not OK: Template and with photo Template and with
Thursday, July PM enough sheets of the that chose the instructions.) Press the to If to the Stop/Clear cards, to them. Then the and them. Camera-Selected DPOF If DPOF Format), to and the of to while the memory as the memory containing preselected as You this Press OK to preselected Press the and as necessary. instructions. Press the to If to the Stop/Clear Restoring Follow these to the RX580 to the factory Press the Press or to then OK. Press OK to to their factory From Memory Card
Thursday, July PM From PDA, or You directly from PDA, or other If or PictBridge- or USB DIRECT-PRINT directly to RX580 and If PDA, or other to the RX580 and them wirelessly. the optional Bluetooth wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled PDA, or information, the on-screen From PictBridge or or PictBridge or USB DIRECT- PRINT, and and the RX580 turned and memory its the type of to enough the of to Press the Press or to PictBridge then OK the buttons to as From PDA, or
Thursday, July PM the OK. These them, only to them the first from or To to their the USB that with or to the USB EXT. I/F) the front of RX580. Then the other to the or Turn or One of the following the RX580 or to the to and or From PDA, or
Thursday, July PM If or phone with PictBridge or USB Direct Print, the connected used. the of the RX580 and combinations of type, and supported. of reflected the You from memory them directly from From or PDA If phone or PDA and (IrDA) to the RX580 and them directly from RX580 the type of to enough sheets the of to Press the Press or to PictBridge then OK the buttons to as the OK. These them, to them the first from phone or PDA. To to their From or PDA
Thursday, July PM phone or PDA than inches from the the RX580. or the and phone or PDA You to (the 3MB), including that printed. You to sunlight or light of the The RX580 with IrDA Specifications, The 4M bits/second. From PDA, or than
Thursday, July PM CDs and RX580 includes that directly CDs or DVDswithout You the CD software that with RX580 to text and with of effects. instructions CD on-screen only CDs or Thermal-printable and CDs and should with the RX580. You directly CDs without and both CDs and CDs with Follow the these sections to CDs and Measuring CDs/DVDs below CD or DVD CD or DVD Copying CD/DVD Returning the to the CD/DVD Measuring CDs or to the of the You then the and outer This the CD/DVD which might caused the non-coated of the CD or DVD. CDs and
Thursday, July PM to the and outer as shown: instructions the CD or DVD the or CDs or or scratches the when the If to of CDs or to and the to satisfactory. the correctly, or the RX580 or Turn the RX580. CD or DVD when the RX580 turned and or the front cover and the front CDs and
Thursday, July PM the to the to the CD/DVD the when the RX580 operating, and the when the the CD or DVD the CD with the white or the the the CD the the front CD or DVD
Thursday, July PM the CD the arrows the Dont the too the arrows exactly. Follow the instructions the section to CD or DVD from memory or USB If to text and with of effects, the CD software on-screen instructions. CD or DVD CD or DVD as Press the Specialty Press or to CD/DVD then OK CDs and
Thursday, July PM Press the Press or to the following: CD/DVD selected. CD/DVD selected. CD/DVD selected. choose from the following layouts: One the CD/DVD recommended of of the the the CD/DVD, with each the CD/DVD, the CD/DVD, To the CD and the as other as necessary. information, finished OK Press or to choose then the photo layouts, this each to If enough the chosen, CD Press the to CD or DVD. If to the Stop/Clear finished the CD/DVD from the RX580. To the to the the CD or DVD To allow the to to to hours the the or from and sunlight. CD or DVD
Thursday, July PM the The CD/DVD the and the If the of to them the RX580. This the CD/DVD which might caused the coated of the CD or DVD. measured following the instructions selected CD/DVD as the Press to CD then Press or to the Then OK Press OK to and to the CD The RX580 this turned off, to the once batch of CDs or CDs and
Thursday, July PM the If the CD or DVD, to the Press the Press or to then OK Press to the Press or to the to Then OK Press OK to and to the The RX580 this turned off, to the once batch of CDs or Copying CD/DVD You artwork, or CD directly CD or DVD. The RX580 or other CD/DVD CD or DVD as Copying CD/DVD
Thursday, July PM the cover and the the corner. If copying CD or DVD, the the of the as shown below: and resized to CD/DVD. the cover that CDs and
Thursday, July PM Press the Copy Press or to choose or B&W Press then or to Graphics or Text. Press then or to CD/DVD Copy the If to other the information. If to the as the and Press the to If to copying, the Stop/Clear the CD or DVD To allow the to to to hours the the or from and sunlight. If smears CD/DVDs, to the from differently, to the each brand. basic the the Copy as then OK Copying CD/DVD
Thursday, July PM Returning the to the the to the front to the the when the RX580 and the when the the front CDs and
Thursday, July PM CD/DVD You (or of and with and to CD or DVD If choose to to the If than printed. the CD/DVD and the front to the as Press the Specialty Press or to CD/DVD then OK Press the Press or to the following: CD the the type of loaded. to photo, or Index to Select other as necessary, then OK Press and and the to photo(s). You to If than enough sheets of loaded. Press the to If to the Stop/Clear CD/DVD
Thursday, July PM From This section the or or instructions the on-screen software and connected the RX580 to as the to the right and the type the information.) Follow the instructions these With (below) From Macintosh Selecting the Correct With the or the and You this From Select EPSON RX580 Click to software and
Thursday, July PM EPSON RX580 selected, then the Preferences or (If or Then Preferences or the On the the Click choosing Select Select choose the the information about the or the then the with. the type of (choose or Select Click options With
Thursday, July PM the Advanced button. Then the following as necessary: Select Quality as Select as the highest selected RPM from the option (as shown RPM information about advanced or instructions them as them If to the the and as necessary. Click OK to then OK or to This appears and shows the of Click to Click to or From Select (To choose ICM first) Click to
Thursday, July PM From If OS follow the below to the or the and the following choose with the Sheet option the US or Click OK to the the and You this Select RX580 Select Select or Select RX580 From
Thursday, July PM Choose from the and the following as necessary: information about the choose these other options from the the of or options. OS or only): as PDF OS the PDF instead. to such as OS only): cover or ColorSync or ColorSync or the the or off the software. reduce or the Summary: of selections. From Select Select or Grayscale Select higher or Select
Thursday, July PM Click the Advanced to the highest selected RPM from the Quality with this information Click To the of the when appears the the of If OS the instead, then EPSON RX580 the You this: Select the finished, the or Select Quality and other options as necessary From
Thursday, July PM Selecting the Correct Select the or software. This the RX580 what of the accordingly. this Bright White Iron-on Cool Heavyweight Double-sided Double-sided Quality Quality Envelope From Select this or Bright White
Thursday, July PM Scanning or You RX580 to or and or memory or to You photographs as on-screen Follow the instructions these Scanning to Computer below Scanning to Memory Card Scanning to The Scan software three of Scans and easily You clicking the and and options of including and backlight correction. Professional and manually with of Scanning or
Thursday, July PM You from applicationsuch as ArcSoft PhotoImpression TM Scan. Scan directly from and to the cover and the the corner. the cover that original(s) of the following to Scan: Double-click the Scan Double-click Scan the Applications You from ArcSoft PhotoImpression. the choose then the Scanning or
Thursday, July PM You the Scan If the the right to the Scan If to as the then the Restoration on-screen information. If from Scan directly, the as JPEG or OS X). If from (such as PhotoImpression), the image(s) If or Professional the Scan (You the using the the right corner. the on-screen Scanning to
Thursday, July PM Scanning to Memory Card You and or to memory JPEG or PDF memory following the instructions Then follow these the cover and face-down the as Press the Memory Card Press or to Scan to Memory Card then OK the and buttons to the following options: Format JPEG or PDF Scan the of the light Crop Text or Quality Select or Graphics photo or Press OK The photo and to the EPSCAN memory finished, the to and its location the the while scanning, or the RX580. the or off the RX580 while the memory light flashing, or If RX580 connected to follow the right to the or off or the RX580. If the of the off, from the slightly. Scanning or
Thursday, July PM You back photo memory to or to USB such as USB Once backed them from memory and to instructions copying to the on-screen To to USB or other such as CD-R/RW or follow the below. the of information, as If the RX580 connected to the USB or off the RX580 turned and the memory containing instructions memory If using USB directly the USB EXT.I/F the front of the RX580. If CD or USB from to the USB Then CD or the
Thursday, July PM Press the Press or to Memory Card then OK Press OK to the shown below the right: Press OK to then OK to copying the memory to connected there this You back to the or CD Each the or they The first the and the the backed USB the RX580 to the numbered the RX580 to of the
Thursday, July PM RX580 If or expended, follow the instructions this chapter Checking the Head below) Cleaning the Head Cartridges the Head Checking the Head If or light or through them, of the the head clogged. Follow the below to the head the RX580 turned Press the Press or to then OK highlighted, then OK RX580
Thursday, July PM Press the The head to cleaned: head to cleaned: If there the the head to cleaned. Press OK to to the If there the to below to the head. You the with software when connected to on-screen Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or light or to clean the head. This the they properly. as to the head cleaning. head cleaning only and the that the head to cleaned. RX580 turned and the (If to cleaning the head; to or to of Press the Press or to then OK Press to Head Cleaning then OK Press the to cleaning the head. RX580
Thursday, July PM The RX580 head cleaning and appears the RX580 Cleaning seconds. off the RX580 while head cleaning or cleaning finishes, the The RX580 the If there the OK to to the If there the to the head If cleaning four or You the off and least hours or overnight. This Then try cleaning the head If RX580 to least once month to quality. Cartridges with or the RX580 You which or to replaced. than months, to their If the cleaning and the head, the the Checking Cartridge Press the Press or to Cartridge then OK You showing the of the Cartridges
Thursday, July PM The as follows: (Yellow), LC (Light LM (Light C If to the or to Cartridge then OK instructions. the OK Press OK to to the You expended. Purchasing Cartridges offers each RX580. these within months of them and the the Black (T078120) (T078220) (T078320) Yellow (T078420) Light (T078520) Light (T078620) High-Capacity Black (T077120) High-Capacity (T077220) High-Capacity (T077320) High-Capacity (T077420) High-Capacity Light (T077520) High-Capacity Light (T077620) You of the High Capacity www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or www.epson.ca RX580
Thursday, July PM You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Removing and Cartridges Once the the obtained or the the head To and them. Other products or other to RX580 covered warranty. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the RX580 turned the CD/DVD and the front the (lower) If expended, the RX580 which cartridge(s) to replaced. Press OK If the RX580 displays when or Press or to then OK Press or to Cartridge then OK the cover closed, then the Cartridges
Thursday, July PM the cover. to the cover while the head the to the To the RX580, the head hand. the the back of the and straight of the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the from the to the the of the when from the immediately the If the promptly, the head and to the the of the This the RX580
Thursday, July PM the from the of the You the yellow from the otherwise, or to If without the the of the the yellow and then the from the of the otherwise, the become or tear the the otherwise, the the and clicks other that to replaced. Cartridges
Thursday, July PM the cover and clicks the Press OK The RX580 charging about off the RX580 while charging or You or copying with expended, the other the The RX580 with IC that the amount of each Cartridges they and each however, the their reliability. If that which and temporarily its the the following operations: head cleaning, self-cleaning (when the turned and charging (when RX580
Thursday, July PM the Head If or blurry, or that properly the to the head. the front the (lower) and the CD/DVD the RX580 turned and sheets of Press the Press or to then OK Press or to Head then OK Press the of printed. and the that with or You to Press then or to the that Press OK Press to the then and OK the Head
Thursday, July PM You and the the RX580 and trying the recommended You troubleshooting or the these (below) and Where To occurred. of the head. Turn off the RX580, then the and or other Also, of the Then turn the RX580 back If this as occurred. Turn off the RX580, then back If the as the to the correctly. The too to Bluetooth with Bluetooth. The This when printed. correctly. the as
Thursday, July PM the memory correctly. If connected USB the correctly. the memory the memory or or correctly. to there with the or occurred while Retry the If the formatting. there with memory or the or occurred while then the memory or head cleaning cleaning the head If the as XXXXXXXX and the below using RX580. The first the charge its head about charging finishes (when the off the RX580, or charge improperly and the Turn off the RX580, then the completely and the cover closed completely. then the RX580 back memory or and occurred and the of the and as and
Thursday, July PM If the to the RX580. Then the the to If the they JPEG or TIFF and with If the RX580 to back USB the RX580 the the and Copying the top of the slightly from the to first and the right with the its Dont the arrow the the the If of off, turning off the to or information. If feed, from the through the to the Then the the right and the the too tightly). the front of the too sheets once to sheets of or of information. If follow these to clear the Press the to the If the ejected, to the If the the or front If the the RX580, the On to it off. the and including torn backward; this the the then the RX580 back
Thursday, July PM Quality If with the or these the type of matches the and type the or software selecting as the Quality If copying, the the and the RX580 or the the whiter, or isnt or curled. with or from the as they printed. the and the to the then the front If CDs or the then the to the CD/DVD If light or or they too to the head. This the they properly. as to the head cleaning. Then the head as necessary. If to the head. instructions. The or instructions If appears the the with lint-free cloth recommended), or amount of cloth, necessary. Dont directly the and correct. If of off, try turning off the to or information. and
Thursday, July PM Where To Technical these technical services: and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product RX580) Product (located the back) Proof of purchase (such as and of purchase and operating of the Then U.S.: AM to PM AM to PM or charges apply. Purchase and Accessories You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca ArcSoft PhotoImpression Technical AM to PM MondayFriday; and www.arcsoft.com,
Thursday, July PM Notices Instructions RX580, and follow these instructions: the type of indicated the RX580 the that with the RX580. of another fires or shock. the with other the RX580 outlet where the easily or cord. If with the RX580, the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the RX580 or cover the RX580 or through the the back of the RX580 least inches from the the RX580 or heating or sunlight. the RX580 that its It properly it or the section while the RX580 copying, or scanning. the RX580. products that or around the RX580, to fire as specifically to service the RX580 yourself. the RX580 and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Notices
Thursday, July PM or the RX580, its or otherwise from the Cartridge Instructions of the reach of children and the when there around the If off with and If them with If or immediately. hand the RX580 or as this might immediately Leaving the head and the RX580 from If the supply from and and the as the RX580. that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding LCD Instructions cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD as If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. Notices
Thursday, July PM FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
Thursday, July PM Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C281A America, Inc., Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to as or the U.S. and U.S. Notices
Thursday, July PM Shipments to other locations You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR Notices
Thursday, July PM CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized www.epson.com. To the Customer You write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Notices
and to Work Together You purchase and www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the below to It as easy as T078320 Black T078120 T078620 T078220 T078420 T078520 the High Capacity www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or www.epson.ca specially coated to with and longevity. photosfrom to professional and finishes. Non-glare with smooth or textured brochures, or art Scrapbooking Acid-free, backgrounds, and other and these art appearance. Specialty that showcase including cards, iron-on and and professional It smooth and bright white finish, and heaviest the back cover to memoriesStoryTeller! 1-B C 1-B 1-B 1-B
and to Work Together You purchase and www.epson.ca (U.S. or www.epsonstore.com purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the below to as easy as It www.epson.com/highcapacity the High Capacity www.epson.ca (U.S. or specially coated to with and longevity. photosfrom to professional and finishes. with smooth or textured professional brochures, or art Scrapbooking Acid-free, backgrounds, and other and these art appearance. Specialty that showcase including and and professional It smooth and bright white finish, and heaviest the back cover to memoriesStoryTeller! T078320 T078120 Black T078620 T078220 T078420 T078520 1-B C 1-B 1-B 1-B
CPD-22269 XXX Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX 1-F C 1-F 1-F 1-F