and Scanning All-in-One
Introduction RX595 the to this and on-screen instructions this Copying or (including restoration, and Copying CD or DVD photo, or another directly CD/DVD) from memory or and the they or from reduction and other features) photo and cards) directly CD/DVD and creating with or without from or to and with of using CD software) from another (USB or PDA, including wireless Bluetooth Introduction this the basics. the on-screen the on-screen this the basics. the on-screen this the on-screen this the basics. the on-screen the on-screen
this Scanning to memory or other photo or and memory or USB without Performing and top Please follow these as the instructions: Warning: to injury. to to Notes information about hints copying, scanning, and Positioning the the the or CD or DVD. To the to the To CD or DVD, the to the the on-screen instructions CD or DVD. the on-screen this the basics. the on-screen Positioning the
Loading You to sheets of sheets of sheets of Bright White or sheets of other and sheets the and front cover, then the the or first, the right Then the the first, or top first. and instructions on-screen Loading
offers of high easy to the of and creative You purchase and SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON inches S041934 S042181 S042174 inches) S041405 inches S041808 S041727 inches S041982 inches S041809 S042038 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches) S041935 S042175 S042182 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286 S042183 S041667 inches) S041331 inches) S041141 S041649 S041271 Loading Sheet count
Bright White inches) S041586 inches S041467 inches) S041568 inches) S041062 Quality A4 inches) S041106 Iron-on Cool inches) S041153 Loading inches) S041257 S042180 inches) S041067 Sheet count
Copying or Follow the instructions this section to originals correctly the and or black-and-white To directly CDs or the on-screen the top of the or the cover as writing If necessary, the cover with microfiber cloth. the cover and face-down the with the top the back corner. the cover the Copying or
Copying You To or or the the and the cover. Press the Copy Press or to the of Press or to or B&W white) Press then to the type, necessary. Select Text text (includes background Select Graphics containing text or graphics, or To photo To the of the and layouts; To To type or or of the other Select and OK Bright White Copying or
ready to If to copying, Stop/Clear as automatically. Copying You of 6-inch, 7-inch, 10-inch, or photo of layouts. To the and the cover. Press the Copy Press or to the of Press or to or B&W (black-and- white) Press then to the type to To 6-inch or To of the to the Press then to the necessary. With around the photo. expands the photo to the of the Copy as as to Copying or
Copy (Follow the on-screen instructions.) Copy as as four whatever fits. CD/DVD Copy CDs or on-screen instructions. To type or of the other and OK of types; ready to If to copying, Stop/Clear as automatically. Crop, or Copy You to 6-inch 6-inch, 7-inch, 10-inch, or You to black-and-white, and Press the Specialty Press or to and OK To Restoration to On and OK (If this off.) Copying or
the and the cover. To them 1/4-inch as shown the Press OK You of and these Press or to the of To and the to the Display/Crop To the or To the the arrow buttons. To the OK then OK to the or to the Press to the and this to necessary. To 6-inch or To type or of the other Select and OK of types; ready to If to copying, Stop/Clear as automatically. Copying or
From Memory Card, or Other The RX595 from: memory below) connected USB or other or wirelessly from optional Bluetooth on-screen You or and memory or USB on-screen instructions. From Memory Card RX595 directly from memory the memory and ready to these Compatible Cards and the Card Selecting From the Custom Cards instructions these other memory operations, on-screen to as and them DPOF Format), and or other From Memory Card, or Other
Compatible Cards and You the following with RX595 Memory light The these JPEG with the to of to Top From Memory Card, or Other of Top SD TM SDHC TM Memory TM Memory TM Memory PRO TM Memory TM TM Memory Memory Card Card Card CompactFlash TM
the Card the RX595 turned the memory the The memory light flashes, then to the the memory light flashing, then the straight of its the or off the RX595 while the memory light the Selecting From the photo Press the Memory Card Press or to and Press OK To the To while of the on-screen To the they Press or to through and the that to Press to the of of that photo. From Memory Card, or Other The the Top
To the photo, the Display/Crop instructions. Press or to other the of and To 6-inch or To type or other or reduction or other features, Select and OK of types.) the the to PhotoEnhance known as Correction). This and, necessary, the brightness, and PhotoEnhance sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subjects If includes with such as to turn off PhotoEnhance to the effects. Press to If to Stop/Clear You the they You Press the Memory Card Press or to Press OK Highlight shown and to that Press OK To than or to the to From Memory Card, or Other
If to To type or other or reduction or other features, Select and OK of types.) the the to PhotoEnhance known as Correction). This and, necessary, the brightness, and PhotoEnhance sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off PhotoEnhance to the effects. Press to If to Stop/Clear Custom Cards You memory or USB and handwritten or First and template Then the template, and three each of of to the Press the Specialty Press or to Card Press OK. Select and Template highlighted and OK Press or to the photo then OK Press to the template the template or to the to Text Text Effects and of or the to You write and or From Memory Card, or Other
the that the cover, the template the with the top the back corner, and the cover. the and memory and the shows Cards from Template Then OK Press to and If to Stop/Clear the From You to the RX595 and directly from the to PictBridge JPEG and from to the of of type, and supported, and the RX595 From Memory Card, or Other
memory from the RX595 the USB that with to the EXT. I/F USB (PictBridge) the front of RX595 Turn You the RX595 Press the Press or to PictBridge then OK type or other reduction or other features, and OK the on-screen instructions.) the the to PhotoEnhance known as Correction). This and, necessary, the brightness, and PhotoEnhance sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to turn off PhotoEnhance to the effects. Follow the instructions that with to and them. From Memory Card, or Other
From This section from or To software, the instructions, the on-screen You directly CDs or the CD software included with the RX595 the on-screen Its to to RX595 software. Checking Software instructions. or the and Select EPSON RX595 and the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the From EPSON RX595 Click to software
On the the choose the Select the type of (choose or Select Select the photo PhotoEnhance known as Correction). This and, necessary, the brightness, and PhotoEnhance sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off PhotoEnhance to the effects. To reduce or or double-sided, the and as necessary. the Advanced information about or on-screen Click OK to Click OK or to From Computer Click Select or
This appears and shows the of or With or the and Select the photos, choose with Sheet option. Click OK the and Select RX595 Select Select or From
Select RX595 choose from the and the following to Advanced information about the Choose other options from the the Click To the the (or the and SP RX595 the From or Select the Select or Select higher or Select
Selecting the Select the or software the this Select this Bright White Quality Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool CD or DVD CD/DVD Envelope Paper/Bright White CD/DVD From
Scanning or You RX595 to or and or other You and photographs as The Scan software three and easily and options scanning. Professional and of instructions, or instructions photo or to memory or USB the on-screen Scanning You from applicationsuch as ArcSoft PhotoImpression Scan. Scan directly from and to the cover, face-down the and the cover. of the following to Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan Double-click EPSON Scan the Applications the choose or and EPSON RX595 Scanning or
You the Scan If the to the Scan If or Professional Scan (To the the right corner.) To or other and follow the instructions below. Click OK The and its or Restoring and Correcting You or photo with true-to-life and sharpness as the Restoration and options Scans and Professional Correction to from with too background light. Click the and/or Restoration OK and Scan instructions, the on-screen You the Scan information about the Scanning or Automatically based the If photo oriented correctly off and
All-in-One Follow the these sections to and the head, and purchase and when necessary: Checking the Head below Cleaning the Head Checking the Cartridge Cartridges To the head, necessary, on-screen You clean, and the head the on-screen instructions. Checking the Head If or them, the head or Follow these to the head or the Press the and OK Select and OK Press All-in-One
the that to there the If there OK to If there or the to the head. the section Cleaning the Head If and the the head. head cleaning necessary. You the head or expended. You the first the Press the Select and OK Select Head Cleaning and OK Press Cleaning around finished, the off the RX595 cleaning or Press to and that the head clean. cleaning All-in-One
If cleaning the head three off all-in-one and least hours to Then If to least once month to Checking the Cartridge RX595 when or its or You or when the other expended. or copying. To from the anytime, follow these Press the button. Select and OK with to the necessary. appear when to when This optionally offers and other from On that connected to the to these offers the first to when Click or To offers or from the instructions on-screen All-in-One
Purchasing Cartridges You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the following when or purchase Black or (High Capacity) or (High Capacity) Light or (High Capacity) or (High Capacity) Light or (High Capacity) or (High Capacity) that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the The with and of the from the first the within months of the All-in-One
Cartridges You immediately the ones. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the RX595 ready to them to the head from the CD/DVD and the output to the Turn the RX595 If or expended, the which to and OK If the the and OK Then Cartridge and OK the then the cover. the the and of the or try to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of All-in-One
the from the to the the the yellow from the of the other or or the the and clicks Once the that replacing, the cover and clicks the All-in-One
Press OK to charging the This about the charging finished. To off the RX595 while If the OK and the securely. If or and the All-in-One
the the to the of You the troubleshooting or the on-screen Checking Software Updates Periodically, to free to RX595 software. on-screen and Download the Software or (U.S.) or With the the You or or EPSON and EPSON RX595 EPSON Scan and EPSON RX595 Follow the instructions the to the this to indicated and occurred. Turn the RX595 off, and turn back If the Turn the RX595 off and then back If the occurred.
and the the RX595 the of their service life. Press OK and the correctly The The RX595 from the connected printed. or other to with the the The from connected or correctly. other and the photo trying to the The memory correctly memory or or there with the and the the The memory correctly or another correctly, or there with the or the the or and the memory or Operation canceled. The too to with Bluetooth. to the the and occurred while formatting or If the formatting. there with memory or the or other and occurred while try memory or another the and Bluetooth
and the below RX595 and Copying If the Copy Memory Card and Specialty lights and the RX595 to Press the On to the top of the back of the If the cropped, from the slightly. first, and the right with the Dont the arrow the the the loaded. If feed, and through the to the the right and the too sheets once. to sheets of of Bright White of sheets of or of or sheets. with punched If Press to the If from the or If the On to turn off the RX595 Then the the and torn the and the RX595 back
Quality to or If first and the appears when the the on-screen the the and the RX595 or the (usually the whiter, or isnt or curled. sheet with or sheets from the too the type of matches the and type the or software the and If light or or they too to the head. This the they properly. to the head cleaning. Clean the head If to the head. the on-screen instructions. The and necessary If appears the the with lint-free cloth recommended), or amount of cloth, necessary. directly the
Where To Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product RX595 Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. Purchase and Accessories You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Other Software Technical ArcSoft PhotoImpression www.arcsoft.com/support
Notices Instructions RX595 and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the RX595 only the type of indicated the RX595 the that with the RX595 of another fires or shock. the with other the RX595 near outlet where the easily If the RX595 the from the off the RX595 the On and the On light flashing the or off to the the RX595 the as photo or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or frayed. If with the RX595 the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the RX595 or cover the RX595 or through the the RX595 near or heating or sunlight. products that or around the RX595 Doing fire. the RX595 that its It properly or the RX595 least inches from the the section while copying, or scanning. Notices
the white the RX595 and to when closing the the RX595 as specifically to service the RX595 yourself. the RX595 and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. or the RX595 its or otherwise from the Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the RX595 or immediately Leaving the head and the RX595 from If the supply from and and the as the RX595 that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the LCD cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. Instructions
Inc., Warranty What Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of Notices
installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write Inc., P.O. CA Inc., Warranty
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C281B Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 FCC Compliance
Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. each to and of the copyright when While countries copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright and and of Corporation. PhotoEnhance and and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. Notices of Copyrighted
Copyright Notice
CPD-23918 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX