USB reflective memory
One Product rights of this reproduced, rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION from interference that from the of interface other than those as EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. rights PRINT of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The PRINT of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. rights USB DIRECT-PRINT of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The USB DIRECT-PRINT of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Apple and of Apple Computer, Inc. DPOF of CANON INC., Company, and SD Memory Stick, Memory PRO, and of Corporation. Card of Co.,Ltd. Notice: Other and of their owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
Instructions Instructions of the instructions this section when and this this to and humidity. Also, this from sunlight, light, and heat to shocks, and enough around this this near outlet where easily and this this that this If this the than the back of this and the This properly or this its or otherwise, from the Instructions
choosing the type of indicated the the back of this only the that with this of another fire or shock. This with this only. with other fire or shock. AC the or cord. If with this that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the outlet the If to this Germany, the building protected or to short-circuit protection and over-current protection this memory the memory or off this while the and the memory (when the memory light flashing). The memory to type. to to the with memory only memory with this to memory Instructions
to the the of the when from its the of the reach of allow children to or when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the IC the of the This the or tear the the otherwise, this this or the or cover the this to service this yourself. Instructions the
this and servicing to service the following The or this this or the cover this normally or performance. the this this this with the If with the the head this becomes to the LCD cloth to the or cleansers. If the this If the the LCD and them thoroughly with and the them immediately with or thorough flushing, immediately. Warnings, and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the operation of Instructions
the Functions LCD The LCD shows the of this and The of the LCD shows the of pressing the the right the the the C and the right the this the selected the this turned off. The below shows the when this the Copy You the the LCD of the the type Reduce/Enlarge Text A4 C of
Function On this and off. Copy the Copy Memory the Memory Card Card Scan the Scan the Select to the previous option. this the Copy the and holding this seconds. Select to the this the Copy the recalled and holding this seconds. Clear/ Clears the the of to the to their when item appears the LCD and this seconds, of the to their items the LCD OK the selected. B&W or or or the operation selected. copying or scanning. The ejected. to the when item appears the LCD A, B, C, Used lights this shows the of buttons the
Lights Light On Troubleshooting Memory Card, Scan, A, B, C, On Indicates the the LCD You the of the LCD as follows. Press the On to this Press the to the Press the or the Select repeatedly 7.LCD appears the LCD and then the The LCD shown below. the of the LCD Press the C to the or the to the finished, the OK the On the this LCD C
Copying This section to the information the Reference function, (cross-hatch) appear To the the ratio or the of the of the Procedure The instructions below to the Copy Press the On to this Press the Copy to the Copy The LCD shows the as indicated below. Loading and the the Text A4 C Copying
You the Copying of You the necessary, the buttons. lights this To each Copy Press the to or the B&W to the while or otherwise, this the copied. The exactly the as the If indicating appears the LCD while copying, the or and then the Loading The affected the of the the To to the Reference enough front of this to ejected. Copying to the first the type, of to the when the
the While holding its locking the that the the slightly than the to the of and then to the Copying
the of with the facing and resting the of the the of the the back. Copying the first. that the fits the arrow the
The the following of Loading Capacity to EPSON Bright White to sheets EPSON Quality EPSON to sheets EPSON Paper-Heavyweight EPSON EPSON One A4 EPSON EPSON One EPSON Iron-On Cool to sheets EPSON Copying
the Table the clean. the cover. the facing the that the properly Copying the its the the otherwise the becomes of of to from the of the scanned.
the reflective attached to the cover. the cover that the of to the Press the Copy to the Copy Press the to the Copy The LCD shown as below. Press the OK to To the properly, the to interference from the light. photographs the of They to the of the heavy top of this Copy 1.Copy Copying
Press the C or the Select repeatedly the appears the LCD Press the OK to the selected. Copying Copy C to Copy without Margins Copy with Copy as as fits to the selected. Copy Copy iron-on cool Copy to or to the selected. You of the together.
Copying without You that covers the of using the to this the the following Copy the item type Quality Text* A4* of to Copy Reduce/Enlarge A4 A4 Optional to PQIJ BrightWhite A4 A4 A4 A5 A5 A4 Copying
You without the the of to when selected. this the to slightly than the the of the that the of the Copying with You with around of the the Margins to this Copying
the Margins the following Copy the You with the reduce/enlarge the of to when selected. item type Quality Text* A4* of to Copy Reduce/Enlarge A4 A4 Optional to PQIJ BrightWhite A4 A4 A4 A5 A5 A4 Copying
Copying You of sheet of to the to this You of from and the the following Copy item type Quality Text* A4* of to Copy the to or to Copying PQIJ BrightWhite
You using the to the to this the the following Copy the You A4 the the the of or as selected, this reads the white as and the printed. item type Quality Text* Copy PQIJ BrightWhite Copying
the together the the and then the together. Copying You or four of or to this Copying Warning: when The shows the of with The shows the to
the or the following Copy the You only A4 the and item type Quality Text* Copy PQIJ BrightWhite Copying
You to Iron-On Cool the How to the to this the the following Copy item type Iron On* Quality Text* of to Copy Reduce/Enlarge the You A4 the Copying
Copy the Copy the as the C and buttons. the when the Copy the following as Text A4 C Copy to type Reduce/Enlarge C buttons of item to Copy Copy Optional buttons Copying
and recalling You the the of the Select and seconds. To the the Select and seconds. To and them to their the Clear and seconds. Selecting the type Select the type of the the as follows: Press the repeatedly the type of appears the LCD The type BrightWhite EPSON Bright White EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Paper-Heavy PQIJ EPSON Quality Iron On EPSON Iron-On Cool Copying
Selecting the Press the C repeatedly the appears the LCD The options Text, and Reducing or You reduce or selecting the of the and the copying the or this Press the repeatedly the option appears the LCD Selection Copy Copy the A4 A4 A4 A4 A4 A5 A5 A4 Copy the reduced or that fits the of the Copy the reduced or selecting the selection The shows the of the Copying
Selecting the Select the of the the as below. Press the repeatedly the appears the LCD The A4, and A5. the 4R the the of the of to the buttons as below. You to To clear the of the Clear to the buttons To the To the and then the To from to the (the of the to the or the and buttons Copying
or This allows to the copying Press the to the Copy Press the C or Select repeatedly 2.Copy appears the LCD Press the OK The LCD shown below. the the LCD Press the C or the to the the or the Select to the finished, the OK Reducing or manually You reduce or the or this Press the to the Copy Copy o C Copying
Press the C or the Select repeatedly 3.Optional appears the LCD and then the OK The LCD shown below. the copying the buttons to the buttons or the Select repeatedly the appears the LCD and then the OK Canceling Copying To copying, the Stop the The to the Copying C You the from to XX%
Directly from Memory Card This allows to directly from memory without using information from to the Reference sheet to the that the USB when directly from memory directly from memory with the USB connected, the operation Index easy and to directly from memory The thumbnail of the memory Directly from Memory Card
Printing memory Loading Memory Cards Press the Memory Card to the Memory Card If Index appear the LCD the or the Select repeatedly appears, and then the or OK A4 Loading Press the to the Directly from Memory Card If the memory Canceled. appears the LCD memory properly to the You A4 to Index You than and the The the of the memory
the On the Index to the the that to and the type. selected the If 2.Scan appear the LCD the or the Select repeatedly appears, and then the or OK the Index with its and its top touching the front of the the Press the to the memory finished Ejecting memory cards from Loading the below. Not Complete the correctly. You the using the Directly from Memory Card
Press the or the Select repeatedly the LCD shows 3.One and then the or OK the the using the buttons to the buttons or the C repeatedly the to Finally, the or OK the of to the buttons, and then the or OK the and and with Additional Information necessary. Press the or B&W to the memory finished Ejecting memory cards from Index You and from to You of photo numbers. Directly from Memory Card You to The of this If the of the the to the
Loading Press the or the repeatedly the LCD shows of and then the or OK the first photo to using the buttons to the buttons or the C repeatedly this appears. Finally, the or OK the photo the the first photo and then the or OK the of to the buttons, and then the or OK the and and with Additional Information necessary. Press the or B&W to the memory finished Ejecting memory cards You to The of this If the of the the to the Directly from Memory Card
Memory Card this memory memory Loading Memory Cards and Loading Press the Memory Card to the Memory Card Press the or the Select repeatedly the LCD shows and then the or OK the of to using the buttons, and then the or OK the and and with Additional Information necessary. Press the or B&W to the memory finished Ejecting memory cards Directly from Memory Card The of this If the of the the to the
with DPOF Functions DPOF Format) industry-standard This conforms to DPOF DPOF and the of To DPOF that DPOF. the DPOF of memory with DPOF information Loading Memory Cards and Loading Press the Memory Card to the Memory Card Press the or the Select repeatedly the LCD shows 6.DPOF and then the or OK the of to the buttons, and then the or OK the and and with Additional Information necessary. Press the or B&W to the memory finished Ejecting memory cards 6.DPOF C 6.DPOF appears memory the DPOF Directly from Memory Card OK
Loading Memory Cards memory This features three memory The of memory each shown below. Card Memory Stick/MagicGate Memory Stick/Memory Memory PRO/SD Card/miniSD Card*/MultiMediaCard Card CompactFlash/Microdrive required. The to memory its type. to to the with memory Directly from Memory Card
You that the following DCF the which the and Information Industries Association (JEITA). Supports You with containing characters. memory Press the On to this the memory cover. DCF JPEG or TIF DOS FAT with DCF to to of to Directly from Memory Card
the memory light the memory off, and then memory as as the the memory cover. to the memory the Memory the Directly from Memory Card You memory Incorrect of memory this memory or both. the memory cover closed while the memory loaded, which protects the memory and the from and otherwise the memory or this the memory this the the memory this to malfunction. If the memory incorrectly, the memory light
If the the memory the following appears. Press the or OK Ejecting memory the finished and the memory light flashing. the memory cover. the memory it straight from the the memory or off the while the or while the memory light flashing. the memory You the when the LCD the shown below. XXX C If this with which or XP this off or the USB with memory this this the memory the Reference A4 C XXX Directly from Memory Card OK
Press the or C the to repeatedly the option appears the LCD The below shows the options and the to Selection type A4 C Prints without covering the whole Directly from Memory Card BrightWhite EPSON Bright White EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Paper-Heavy PQIJ EPSON Quality Prints of Prints with photos/sheet. The of each to the of to and the of
and with Additional Information this the of You include the following information shooting and and ISO This with the following options to You this when or from Index to options Press the while the LCD shown below. A4 C Directly from Memory Card XXX
Press the C or repeatedly the option appears the LCD and then the OK the the below about each You low-resolution clearly this to the The Option Prints Prints Directly from Memory Card Option to Correct Brightness Sharpness Info to
Effect With this The Color. Correct This corrects the of automatically, the option selected, as shown below. The P.I.M. Option or Prints Option P.I.M. (PRINT Prints the PRINT Matching function. If Matching) the include P.I.M., with PhotoEnhance. Prints the function. It with high-quality Prints automatically. It quality. Prints with correction. Directly from Memory Card
turning this function and the of low-resolution The Option On and the or the Brightness This allows to the brightness of The Option Brightest bright. Brighter slightly brightness slightly Directly from Memory Card
This allows to the of The Sharpness This allows to the sharpness of The Option of of slightly Option Sharpest the outline of the outline of slightly sharpness the of slightly the of Directly from Memory Card
This allows to the of The Option More slightly slightly Least You the shooting the right of You choose formatting from the below. The Option Prints with information. Directly from Memory Card
You the shooting the right of You choose formatting from the below (the shows the of p.m.).The Info turning this function the shooting information ISO the right of The This function when the information with the Option Prints with information. 12-hour 24-hour Option Prints with information. On Prints with information. Directly from Memory Card
to turning this function the selected. It the of that the of the selected Either the top and or the and right of the aspect ratio of the and the selected The On. Option On the the If the photos to ratio higher than treated as photo; to the of the turning this function bidirectional from right to and from to right). Turn this function or off to The On. Option On Normal If the head appear bidirectional If this to the head the Head Directly from Memory Card
Canceling To the the The to the Directly from Memory Card
Scanning using the LCD and buttons This allows to to memory or and then them to To to or the Reference Option to To Card to memory To PC to To to Scanning to Memory Card You and then memory directly without The the JPEG If the The properly Would to the appears the LCD the memory memory or the C to and then with memory Loading Memory Cards Press the Scan to the Scan Scanning the LCD and buttons
Press the or the Select repeatedly 1.To Card appears the LCD Then the or OK the and C buttons to the type, quality, and Scan Press the repeatedly the selection appears the LCD the below). Then the the the Then the to scanning. the while or copying; otherwise, this 1.To Card C Selection type Text Graphic Scan C Scan Normal and Graphic type) and text type) The the created when to the memory Scanning the LCD and OK
the memory finished Ejecting memory cards the memory or off the while or while the memory light flashing. the memory Formatting memory If the The properly Would to the appears the LCD the memory as follows. memory when the memory Press the Press the to formatting. formatting finished, this to the formatting the memory Scanning to This allows to to or with the this using this EPSON Scan and EPSON this to with USB and then the the the the or the Scanning using the LCD and buttons
Press the Scan to the Scan Press the or the Select repeatedly 2.To PC appears the LCD and then the or OK Scanning Directly to This allows to and then with the attached. this EPSON Scan and EPSON this to and then the the the the or the Press the Scan to the Scan 2.To PC C The to and EPSON launched. the operating instructions of EPSON its the while or otherwise, this Scanning using the LCD and buttons OK
Press the or the Select repeatedly 3.To appears the LCD and then the or OK Canceling Scanning To scanning, the Stop the You and EPSON Scan or EPSON information about using EPSON Scan and EPSON the Reference You the To Card the Scan this LCD to or Scanning the LCD and buttons 3.To C further the Reference the while or copying; otherwise, this OK
Loading and You and cover as the the its or Touching the with or other the the of the and the the covers connected to the TPU interface the cover. the reflective the cover. or the covers this turned off. to the cover with both Scanning using the LCD and buttons
the from the cover. the the and the to the section below that matches the type of to the following sections Scanning the LCD and buttons The of the the where the and ID correctly. Also, when the from the the should appear normally, as the of the correctly the and the properly the the of the with too force.
the cover. the cover completely closed; otherwise (ring-shaped appear the To the the with the facing the Reference the the cover. the the cover. the of the the facing that of the the and then the cover. the cover. Scanning using the LCD and buttons
the the that fits the this with the to the of the the the that fits the this with the to the of the Scanning the LCD and
the as shown below. the using the the cover. the cover. the the cover. Scanning using the LCD and
the reflective the cover. Scanning the LCD and buttons to the cover with both
Cartridges This the amount of each IC built the If the or of the to using the LCD or Cartridges You the following with this EPSON recommends the of EPSON EPSON warranty caused the of other products. Checking the You the the LCD or the Reference to the the Black Black T0481 Light Light Cartridges T0482 T0483 T0484 T0485 T0486
Checking the the LCD this and then the Press the repeatedly appears the LCD and then the The amount of appears. If to the to the section. To to the without the the OK the otherwise, the head Cartridge of the instructions this section and the If to temporarily from this to the supply of the from and the the as this the that its the of the facing upward. Cartridges C:50% M:50% Y:50% C
The the supply to that released. recommended. the supply of the or its surrounding This with IC The IC the amount of each and then of its used. each the this its reliability. becomes empty, copying the other the to copying, the following operations: head cleaning, self-cleaning when this turned and charging when this the This the amount of IC built the the amount of the IC and therefore the amount of change. replaced, the become empty. appears to the Cartridges
Cartridge Follow the below to Cartridge and this the empty: to the LCD to which empty, and then the Cartridges the Press the to the and the repeatedly appears the LCD and then the Press the C The to the
that the cover closed, and then the the cover. the when the cover the head hand. Doing this the head Cartridges
from its the of the that to the of this and of properly. the or to Cartridges Warning: when the There around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the otherwise, the head The shows of the
the straight the and then the top of the clicks the cover. If to the other and If to the cover, to the correctly. Cartridges
the Cartridges The head to its and charging Charging... appears the LCD when charging Charging... from the LCD charging completed. off this while Charging... appears the LCD this charging of the If with already become right the this the with
and Transporting Checking the Head If that the unexpectedly or the the head to the Follow the below to the head the the light and appears the LCD to to the or to the the head. this the first. that A4 or the that this and the light off. Press the to the Press the or Select repeatedly appears the LCD then the This and Transporting
the The following when the head to cleaned. head to cleaned Not head to cleaned. The (CMYK). If the there with this It or head. To these the sections and Transporting
Cleaning the Head If that the unexpectedly or the to these cleaning the head, which that the properly. head cleaning both and To wasting the head the incorrect or cleaning the head, the first to really to cleaned. This the light and appears the LCD to to the or to the the head. this the first. Follow the below to the head the this and the light off. Press the to the Press the or Select repeatedly 3.Head Cleaning appears the LCD and then the Cleaning of the head and Head cleaning... appears the LCD off this while Head cleaning... appears the LCD Doing this and Transporting
Head cleaning... from the LCD the to that the head and to the cleaning Checking the Head the Head If properly the to this the head. Follow the below to the head the the Stop to while that A4 or the that this and the light off. Press the to the and Transporting If the repeating this four or this off and overnight. Then, the and head cleaning necessary. If the or both of or and to replaced. To Cartridge To least once month.
Press the or Select repeatedly 5.Head appears the LCD and then the The printed. the the of that and then the the buttons. Finally, the to selection. The appears. with and the the through the head operation completed. Transporting This Product If to this using the (or that this fits and as follows: or this it vertically or turning otherwise from the from the sheet and that this off. the their when this the this and Transporting
the from the the Finally, the the cover and the as shown the below, to the and
the from the outlet and the USB from connected. the and the the the protective to both of this and then this the and the USB the this to from shocks to the protective from this and Transporting
Troubleshooting You using the light and If this and the light the following of to the and then the recommended The the that when this to the Reference scanning, or computer-related There Index or correctly. Please of or right. Please selected the Index Sheet or the correctly. the Index then try Troubleshooting The correctly. The and the type selected correctly the The type selected correctly the the correctly. the the the to the and the type correctly. the the the to the type correctly. the Index
The the memory then memory canceled. the memory to the The memory write-protect. canceled. There enough free the memory canceled. memory canceled. The memory canceled. the XXX The the the closed printed, the memory or memory when to directly from memory or to to memory The memory this You the to the memory Not enough to the to the memory the memory The memory ejected the operation. The other than the Copy the the memory Loading Memory Cards Format the memory or memory Release the write protection or another memory memory memory memory You only the of the Copy Troubleshooting
XXX Press the to XXX Press the to XXX Cartridge necessary. Press the to the then the the Press the button. hand. the once. and the then the Troubleshooting The indicated the installed. The indicated the empty. Press the and the the following the to the Cartridge the the securely. Press the If the cleared, the Clearing the the once. Press the and the following the to the Cartridge Press the and the following the to the Cartridge the and then the and the then the button.
The Improperly selected as the Reduce/Enlarge the LCD and the of the white or light, the of the might correctly. This the to improperly sized. To this, as the Reduce/Enlarge and then the Optional to the of the The Printed the Memory Card the options to or If selected the the when the to To the and How to options and service necessary. and service necessary. Service required. the Turn this off, and then back Then the released. If the appears, the Turn this off, and then back If the appears, Troubleshooting
Clearing the If this appears the LCD You to clear the the Follow the instructions below. Press the to the If the ejected, to the where the clearing the the and then the On and the of the Memory Card Caught the Memory Card and the Memory Card Cover the memory cover and then the memory with Troubleshooting If the the feeding or the ejecting of the hand. If the this the On to off this the and then of the hand, including torn
Contacting Customer Customer Services If EPSON operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased Customer to them the following information: Product (The usually the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with information Contacting Customer Support, the Reference Contacting Customer
users the United and the of Ireland URL Telephone (UK) (The of Ireland) users the East URL Telephone users URL Telephone Norway users South Africa URL Telephone or Contacting Customer
EPSON AIDE EN LIGNE. SERVICES EPSON Service EPSON M. (MI) TECHNICAL HELPDESK Contacting Customer
users URL Telephone users URL Telephone Contacting Customer
Product Information Product Specifications 120V 220-240V the the back of this the information. to 132V Rated to (ISO10561 Approx. power-off to 264V Rated to (ISO10561 power-off Operation:10 to 35C to 95F) Product Information
Mechanical Sheet About sheets (W H, including and without Scanning type A4 or US (The reading specified from software.) Scanning Product Information yellow, light light
Since the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or specifications sheets: A4 A5 distributed EPSON Thickness to to inch) to DL C6 Thickness to to inch) to Product Information
A4 distributed EPSON Bright White A4 distributed EPSON A4 distributed EPSON Iron-On Cool A4 distributed EPSON Quality A4 distributed EPSON Quality Cards: A6 Product Information
Quality Cards (with Quality Cards (with Quality Heavyweight: Double-Sided A6 A4 distributed EPSON A4 distributed EPSON A4 distributed EPSON A4 Perforations EPSON Product Information
distributed EPSON A4 distributed EPSON A4 distributed EPSON distributed EPSON A4 distributed EPSON A4 distributed EPSON Product Information
reduce the and or other If switch to higher or to 25C to 77F) to RH Printable to the section of The the type of used, the top and of the or these smeared. B-L B-R A: top B-L: B-R: right C: C Margins Copy Copy Copy Product Information