without Instructions Instructions Functions Selecting Loading CD/DVD Loading CD/DVD.......................10 CD/DVD....................11 Copying the Copying Copying from Memory Card Memory Card Selecting and Index CD/DVD CD/DVD Replaying and with or from From PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT.......................26 Scanning Cartridges and Cartridges.................................. Checking the Cartridge Checking and Cleaning the Head the Head and of Copy Memory Card Specialty English
Where to Information (this and Notes Follow these as instructions: Warning: to to to Notes information about the hints the Copyright Notice of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other printers. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON STYLUS and of Corporation. PRINT Matching and the PRINT of Corporation. Copyright Corporation. rights USB DIRECT-PRINT and the USB DIRECT-PRINT of Corporation. Copyright Corporation. rights DPOF of CANON INC., Company, and SDHC Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, Memory PRO Memory Memory Stick, and Memory of Corporation. Card of of Corporation. The BLUETOOTH the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and to Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those to this first. This to the and the software. without This information using the without connecting to such as instructions from memory and CD/DVD. If the the chapter this This instructions and from and information the software. This included the software CD-ROM and when the software. To this the built each included the software CD-ROM. It information the
Instructions Instructions using this and follow these instructions: the that with the of another fire or shock. the with other the only the type of indicated the the outlet where the easily the become or frayed. the rating of the or outlet the rating locations that to heat or or or sunlight. or the or through the the that its It properly or the back of the least from the the while copying, or the that or around the Doing fire. as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. or the its or otherwise from the to when closing the too the when the instructions of the reach of and the If off with and If them immediately with If or immediately. their this If the supply from and and the as the the supply or surrounding Instructions
Functions location. Function Function On the and off. each Switches the Copy Memory Card and Specialty (Lights which selected.) CD the CD/DVD the of and or the or Display/Cro the items each Summary of Functions the of the LCD or the the and to the previous copying and Stop/Clear copying and or the Selects and items. OK Activates the selected.
LCD The LCD bright or and of its features brightness. These and that the LCD Follow the instructions below to and the and the the LCD function If buttons than the becomes inactive or to Memory Card of inactivity, the to and the lights and off clockwise motion. Press On to the to its the of the LCD You the of the LCD or to the of the selected Press or to the Press or to the The highlighted or Press to the item Press or to the item and then OK Press or to the the LCD Functions English
Selecting to the type This the to the The of location. You the the following the Choose from these and type type Bright White sheets Paper-Heavyweight Quality sheets sheets PhotoSticker16 The of the and the front the You with of to You the front Loading
Loading the and the the and then the the first, with the the to the right. The often whiter or brighter than the other the to the right. the fits the arrow the the back. Follow the to A4 and the the CD/DVD the to Rear and A4 English
the front the front the front that already or that through the once. the front off the cover. the and the to the with the the the arrow the the arrow the the of the the of the the The correctly overflows or properly. the cover. the back the and as Follow the to and
and the the CD/DVD the to the front while the English
CD/DVD the CD/DVD or CD/DVD the from operating normally. the or the The easily smeared immediately to CD/DVD completely using or touching the allow the CD/DVD to sunlight. If the CD/DVD or the internal immediately off the To CDs, the EPSON CD included the software CD-ROM. Loading CD/DVD the there the Press CD to the CD/DVD CD while the operating. the CD/DVD while the operating. CD/DVD CD/DVD the the the CD/DVD the while the or the The
Removing CD/DVD to the CD/DVD finished. If the or off with the the CD/DVD the that finished. the CD/DVD straight of the CD/DVD Press CD to the CD/DVD CD/DVD English
Copying The exactly the as the the type of used, the top and of the or these smeared. the Table the cover and face-down the or CD/DVD: the cover gently. Copying If to thick or the cover. Copying You from to You the Press Specialty Select then OK Press OK and straight
If On to them back to life. If Restoration to On photo, the correctly. Press OK photo the of Press and the Then OK Press If the of the off, the from the slightly. Copying each You the If the of the photo copying them photo from the of the when each least from the photo. You the as as they than and You the of the photo and the when Press Specialty to Copying and follow the from to Press Display/Crop You the the following to the to the the the the Memory Card Press OK to the To the to to the previous finished the OK The the the of Copying English
Press and the Then OK Press Copying the and both of Press Copy Select the Select or B&W black-and-white Select the type of Select option Copy copying both of the the optional or as the the of Press to the Copy Then OK CD/DVD Copy selected as the try first. Select as the and Press Copying If Copy or as the If the of the off, the from the slightly. Copying or as the the the as shown the following the to the first to and then the finished the first turn the around, and then the
from Memory Card Memory Card memory If connected to the memory the memory cover. memory the Then memory than memory to force the memory the Memory the which the should and the the the to the from the from Memory Card CompactFlash Card Card Card English
from Memory Card SD Memory Card SDHC Memory Card Memory Memory PRO Memory the memory light flashes and then Memory light Memory Memory PRO Memory Memory
the memory the memory light flashing. the memory straight Press Memory Card Select of the the following and then OK Follow the instructions below to the and the of Instructions and the of If to the of each individually, OK and then the of the and to then OK If to the of the of If to the of each individually, OK and then the of Sheet Select and the of Selecting and Instructions displays the the memory the that to OK and the of If to the to Then the of Scan to Memory Card Press and the Memory Card Then OK Sheet the and the Press the its following the Press Select then OK Select Select to the Press OK Then This turned off. from Memory Card to the to memory Scanning English
and Press Memory Card Select the photo to with the and option Press Display/Crop to and photo and follow to Press and the Memory Card Then OK Press the This corrects and the of the PhotoEnhance function. The PhotoEnhance function the the LCD This function when PhotoEnhance displayed. PhotoEnhance to On The PhotoEnhance function affects It Select photo. The hourglass the of the and then the of PhotoEnhance displayed. characters) from Memory Card The PhotoEnhance high. PhotoEnhance (white characters) You other operations while the hourglass displayed. the hourglass displayed. Press to the Press to the without the PhotoEnhance function. If switch the the and then back to the displayed without the PhotoEnhance function. You the using Detection Brightness Sharpness and and the These They with You to Choose P.I.F. from the software CD-ROM that with the and the EPSON PRINT to them to memory the software location, the EPSON PRINT and the P.I.F. included the software CD-ROM. the the the memory containing and P.I.F. The PhotoEnhance high.
On the LCD from Index selected, then OK Press If than each Then the to and from each CD/DVD and Press Specialty Select CD/DVD then OK the then OK CD/DVD selecting the CD/DVD or CD/DVD to the of Unused of the Press OK Select photo and the of Press and the CD/DVD Then OK If to first, as the Press the the Press Specialty Select CD/DVD then OK Select the then OK Press OK Press Select CD then the and the of and then OK to to If the following of the the or CD/DVD with to periphery to Press OK then try the Press Select the and OK Select CD/DVD then from Memory Card English
Select to the the CD/DVD or You from to Right the CD/DVD or right. You from to Press OK then This turned off. CD/DVD Press Specialty Select CD/DVD then OK Select CD or CD CD/DVD then OK Select and the of from Memory Card Press and the CD/DVD Then OK Press Replaying and You replay and to the of than photo the expected quality. The of the and the Press Specialty Select and then OK Select or as the Then OK Prints that as the of the that and thumbnail Select the to then OK the the memory the and the of memory or the smoothly. of the following: the that to OK
the first the that to OK Then when the the OK the following when the or to or fast-forward the or to or the Display/Crop to the chapter of the the of Press and the Memory Card Then OK as the the to On Press the and the when the the expected with or You easily handwritten or to photo the template. Selecting the memory template Writing or the template Scanning the template the with or from Memory Card English
Selecting and template the front Press Specialty Card then OK Select Select and Template then OK Select the to then OK Press OK the Card Press and the Then OK Press OK Press the the of the template properly. If the template correctly, the from Memory Card Writing or the template On the or to the and selections. OK: section the of the section the type. section the of Prints or with Prints or with thin Prints or with thin and Prints or with thick Prints or with thick and Prints or with and Prints or with and the of the becomes white.
section write the or to to the using The handwriting the choose. Scanning the template and the photo the template face-down the the corner, that the the of the template the of the the cover. the selected the On the LCD Cards from Template selected, then OK Press from Memory Card English
from You from such as or USB with USB directly. with the optional BLUETOOTH From USB supported. You to the that other than this to the memory from the this which to from, then OK Follow the as would to from the memory PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT PictBridge and USB DIRECT-PRINT connecting directly to the and the following from PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT JPEG to from memory from the Press Select PictBridge then OK Select the Memory Card Then OK the USB from to the USB the front of the USB turned and to the and the this and the of type, and of the reflected the
You of or directly to memory JPEG or PDF You from memory directly to with USB Scanning Press Memory Card Scan to Memory Card then OK Select the following Select JPEG or PDF Format Scan If the of the light Select the type of the Quality Select the of the Press OK The and to the EPSCAN memory finished, the to and its location the the while scanning; otherwise, the the or off the while the memory light flashing, or If the of the photo off, the from the slightly. You from memory to such as CD-R/RW (with USB MO or USB Not USB supported. If the connected to the USB or off USB from to the USB the front of the (If directly.) Then, the Press English
Select Memory Card then OK Select Memory Card then OK Follow the instructions the LCD to CD-R/RW, the each You CD-R/RW.
Cartridges Precautions Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or immediately. the head hand. expended, the other the obtained the the head each the their reliability. efficiency, when ready to with when the of The of that covered and the or of Information about the displayed when used. and Cartridges Once the the ready to the The to its reliability. the CD/DVD ejected. of the following: If expended: the the LCD to which should replaced, then OK If expended: Press Select and OK Select Cartridge and OK the Warning: the white the the when the cover Cartridges English
the cover. to the cover while the head the head the the and straight the Other products that covered warranties, and If to the the with force the from its to the the of the when from the the the of the This the Cartridges the You the yellow from the otherwise, or to the to the immediately following the of the If the promptly, the head to the the and clicks the and clicks If to the cover, the seated. Press each hear to force the closed.
the Press OK The off the charging as this CD charging If the LCD that should replaced, the properly. Press OK and the clicks Cartridges English
Checking the Cartridge You which Press Select then OK You graphic showing the displayed. Press to to the previous the or of If the displayed. (Yellow), LC (Light LM (Light C Checking and Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or light or the to the head. To Checking the head You to head clogged, or to the cleaning the head. the Press (If finished cleaning the head, the Select then OK then OK Press the printed. If the shown below, the head to cleaned Press OK to to the If the shown below, clean the head as the section.
Cleaning the head Follow these to clean the head properly. cleaning the head, to the head cleaning Checking the head the CD/DVD head cleaning to the head. expended, the head. the first and Cartridges Press (If finished the head, cleaning and then to Select then OK Select Head Cleaning then OK Press The cleaning the head. Follow the the LCD off the while head cleaning You cleaning finishes, displayed the LCD Press to to the Checking the head If there or the another cleaning and the If cleaning about four off the and least hours. This Then cleaning the head If of the or and to and Cartridges the Head If or to this the head. the Press then OK Select Head then OK Press of printed. and the that printed, with noticeable or Select the that patch, then OK the the other the finish, OK and indicating English
the with occurred. Turn off the and Please occurred. the saturated. to The too to with Bluetooth. the The printed. the The correctly. the the USB correctly. Turn the off and then back that the If the appears, Turn the off and then back If the appears, to the the the the the the the The because of malfunction the the the the of the or the memory or occurred while formatting. Formatting canceled. Retry the If the there with memory or occurred the or and while canceled. the memory or canceled. and LCD and the light and then The match the outlet Turn off the and immediately. Then, the If the match, DO NOT PLUG YOUR PRINTER BACK IN. the memory or correctly. If to there with the or and occurred and canceled. of the and memory or and
The the protective the head. releasing the head, off the then back The installation. the charged. charging finished (the charging from the LCD then off the If off too the the seated securely and the the cover and the they Turn off the then back that to the appear finishing the software installation. The software correctly. and the software CD-ROM, and then the software The the LCD displayed If the the LCD the the from the and copying LCD off. that the Turn off the and that the securely that outlet and switch or The sounds, nothing The head cleaning Cleaning the head the The incorrect. the top of the If the of the off, the from the slightly. the the loaded. Rear first, the to the right, with the lightly the Loading Rear the arrow the Loading the arrow the the front Select instead of or the the to the amount of that the printed. The head cleaning Cleaning the head feed correctly. the and the selected the the arrow Loading using with feed. too thin. English
The the Press On to off the the including torn the If the near the Removing from the front Press On to off the the output the front and the including torn the front the Removing from the of the Press On to off the the cover the the the cover. including torn the cover. the cover.
from the of the Press On to off the and the from the and the the and the front the its including torn the and the front the the and the Removing from the from the CD/DVD The CD/DVD Press If the CD/DVD ejected, the CD/DVD of the CD/DVD CD/DVD off the the CD/DVD the CD/DVD cover. the and then the CD/DVD cover. You (light or Clean the head Cleaning the head the type Selecting the (the whiter or of the facing the right Loading within months them. The Removing and Cartridges the head the Head Clean the If (cross-hatch) appears the or the of English
or smeared. the the If of the or warped. the or or curled. the (the whiter or of the facing the right the type Selecting with or sheet from the too Clean the head Cleaning the head the head the Head To the of the without the only recommended and Clean the or Clean the head Cleaning the head If to the head the Head The or Removing and the type Selecting or the (the whiter or of the facing the right or as the Quality as the Bidirectional Bidirectional as the Quality If or copying photo, too the head the Head You incorrect or Clean the head Cleaning the head The or Removing and the right and selected the the LCD that If as as If the without of the of or incorrect. too If and the The or incorrect. the right and selected the the LCD the correctly the the Clean the
The thumbnail as the the the thumbnail the and The the If when the to the the supported. that the The recording too The If the of the the the memory that the Scan of the scanned. The the the from the slightly. The too the If the troubleshooting, services You information or warranty If there, the where purchased English
Summary of Copy Item to Color/B&W Color, Text, Graphics, With with These items displayed when the optional attached. Summary of originals both of the to the of the CD/DVD Copy photo CD or DVD The and resized to the CD/DVD Copy the of originals and them of the of of and them of Copy as as of photo four of of both of the of four originals and them both of slightly and to the of the top and of the or the smeared when
Copy Item A4->10 A5->A4, A4->A5 CD/DVD A4, CD/DVD, A5 Select to feed from the front Rear, CD-R Select Rear to from the Select CD-R to CD/DVD. Quality to Select the amount the expanded when The slightly and to the of Margins might printed. Margins might printed. (Lowest CD Direction These items displayed when the optional attached. Select to its Select and the to You the to or Select to the the and of the CD/DVD or the of or the Summary of English
Memory Card Memory Card Item A4, A6, Select to feed from the front Rear, Select Rear to from the Summary of Item and Prints the memory Prints the they Prints thumbnails of the memory and which to Prints of the memory memory as and that choose. Scan to Memory Card Prints the that choose. the to memory
Item Prints photo the to the of the Quality B&W PhotoEnhance, P.I.M., Detection People, Landscape, Night With Prints photo with white the Prints the of the Prints and ID the This photo XXXXXXXX (The P.I.F. displayed.) slightly and to the of the top and of the or the smeared when Prints The of each to the of to and the of the and photo printed. of than the of the only photo, of the If or the of each and of the Prints photo with the P.I.F. If memory P.I.F. choose the P.I.F. to with from the option. Select to the brightness, and of automatically. Select P.I.M. to PRINT or the correction when PhotoEnhance from the Corrects automatically. People and the of the Night and light Summary of English
Item This photo, On This photo, On Brightness Brightest, Brighter, Higher, Highest Sharpness Sharpest, Sharper, Highest, Higher, Lower, Lowest Select On to text that to Text On Select On to photo to the On, the selected. Select to turn off and white the of the photo. On to increase the Select to Bidirectional On, the slowly). Select the amount the expanded when The slightly and to the sheet of Margins might printed. Margins might printed. (Lowest Summary of Select On This or On to the type of photo, of the other than the corrected. to On This or On the the Prints the the of this function, Characters the the of photo. the of the and the characters, the of characters text with than characters printed.
Specialty Item A4 to from the front Rear Rear to feed from the the to the of the Quality B&W With with XXXXXXXX (The P.I.F. displayed.) Item Card CD/DVD Prints CD/DVD or CD/DVD and slightly and to the of the top and of the or the smeared when Prints with the P.I.F. If memory P.I.F. choose the P.I.F. to with from the option. or photo. Prints with handwritten Replays and of the selected Summary of English
Item Select PhotoEnhance to the brightness, PhotoEnhance, and of automatically. Select P.I.M. to PRINT or Select On to On Select the amount the expanded when The slightly and to the of Margins might printed. Margins might printed. (Lowest Card Item Prints the of with or Soft Edge Summary of the type of of the other than the corrected. to On the the Prints or the and photo the of the Prints or the and photo the of the
Item B&W PhotoEnhance, P.I.M., Detection People, Landscape, Night On to On Brightness Brightest, Brighter, Higher, Highest Sharpness Sharpest, Sharper, Highest, Higher, Lower, Lowest Select PhotoEnhance to the brightness, and of automatically. Select P.I.M. to PRINT or Select the correction when PhotoEnhance from the Corrects automatically. People and the of the Night and light the type of photo, of the other than the corrected. to On the displayed the Summary of English
CD/DVD Item CD/DVD Prints photo, the the of the CD/DVD Prints four with each of the four CD/DVD Prints CD Prints CD of the with perforated CD Index Prints the of CD with perforated Item CD/DVD, CD/DVD, A4 CD-R, B&W PhotoEnhance, P.I.M., Detection People, Landscape, Night This photo, On This photo, On Summary of Select PhotoEnhance to the brightness, and of automatically. Select P.I.M. to PRINT Matching or Select the correction when PhotoEnhance from the Corrects automatically. People and the of the Night and light Select On This photo or On to the type of of the other than the corrected.
Item Brightness Brightest, Brighter, Sharpness Sharpest, Sharper, Highest, Higher, Lower, Lowest CD CD Quality Select On to to the On, the selected. Select to off and white the of the photo. Select On to increase the Select to Bidirectional On, the slowly). and Item A4, Select to from the front Rear Rear to from the Select to the the and of the CD/DVD Prints the Summary of English
Item Prints the to the of the the and its when to On On This option when the to Quality B&W Select PhotoEnhance to the brightness, PhotoEnhance, and of automatically. Select P.I.M. to PRINT Matching or Brightness Brightest, Brighter, Higher, Highest Sharpness Sharpest, Sharper, Highest, Higher, Lower, Lowest Select On to to the On, the selected. Select to off and white the of the photo. Select On to increase the Select to Bidirectional On, the slowly). Select the amount the expanded when The slightly and to the of Margins might printed. Margins might printed. Summary of With Prints with white the Prints the of the Prints slightly and to the of the top and of the or the smeared when
CD/DVD, PictBridge the items, Memory Card Memory Card Memory Card, Select Bluetooth the items, Head Cleaning Head Cartridge Thick On English, Spanish, Traditional Chinese, Simplified Chinese (The displayed location.) Screen Memory Card Format with Info, without Info, Summary of English
Cartridges Light Black RX T0801 T0802 T0803 T0804 T0805 T0806 T0811 T0812 T0813 T0814 T0815 T0816 RX T0821 T0822 T0823 T0824 T0825 T0826 Light