CPD-17417R1 XXX
To of 6-inch from memory from or these things with RX600 without Theres with RX600. To and RX600, the instructions the RX600,
Copy The the RX600 and easy to Loading Press the On to turn the RX600. the the
of 11-inch papershort first the right of the sheet and the the Press the of the together and the too tightly). the back the
the face-down the the corner. about inch from the top and scanned. the about inch from the
the Copying Press the Copy to the Copy Press the to or the B&W to and white To copying, the Stop Canceling appears the RX600 Copy
of You of 6-inch this Loading Press the On to the RX600. the the
of 6-inch first and the right of the sheet the Press the of the together and the too tightly). the the the the back the
the 6-inch face-down the the corner. photo about inch from the top and photo scanned. the about inch from the
the Press the Copy to the Copy Press the to the Copy Press the or to choose Copy then the or to the to Copy
Press the OK button. Select the following choose the of Reduce/Enlarge choose In/Out this the Reduce/Enlarge to choose choose Quality choose Press the or to choose option, then the or to the RX600 this: Press the to or the B&W button to and white To the Stop Canceling appears the RX600 type and and OK
from Memory Card You memory and them 6-inch this Loading Press the On to the RX600. the the
sheets of 6-inch first and the right of the the Press the of the together and the too tightly). the the the the back the
Memory Card Press the Memory Card to the Memory Card the memory cover. Memory Card
memory the to force the than CompactFlash or Memory SD or MMC (top) (top) The memory light flashes, then the cover. Memory light If the light or the memory Canceled the RX600 the incorrectly or supported. To the first RX600 and the memory light flashing. Then the memory cover and the straight of the
and Press the or to choose then the or to choose Select Press the OK The RX600 the first, second, and the Press the or to through the the to the of the the or to choose the of to of that photo. Press the to photo. (You cant and white from this To the Stop Canceling appears the RX600 To or with thumbnails of
from or You 6-inch from or the connected to the TPU (If connected, off the RX600, the then the RX600 back Loading Press the On to the RX600. the
the of 6-inch first and the right of the the Press the of the together and the too tightly). the the the
the back the the the
the from the the to the the of the straight with of these Loading
Loading off the cover. the of the with the (the should appear reversed). Position the top of the to the of the the cover the of Press around the to closed. the the its positioning the the the the of the
the with the the its positioning the the the section the of the
the with the the top of with the front of the RX600 If than the as than they This the rotated. the with
Press the to the Press the or to choose Press the OK Press the or to choose of the following: Negative (Strip) and white Negative B&W Press the OK The RX600 and displays them its
Press the or to through the than First If or backward, them the the and the to the of the the or to choose the of to of that photo. Press the to (If and white photo, the B&W to To the Stop Canceling appears the RX600 To another the and through If finished OK to to the or another the slightly from the or This the of and from the of
What You Can There with RX600. of layouts, with or without memory to CD-ROM or connected to RX600. You CD-ROM or and from Copy or or and the back to with advanced photo the copying and chapters
If PictBridge or USB Direct to the RX600 to right from and and PRINT and the PRINT of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. wirelessly from Bluetooth PDA, or other to RX600 the optional Bluetooth If P.I.M. (PRINT or these features when from memory on-screen Reference
Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX