EN without ID
About This Follow these as instructions: Warning: to to to to and to Indicates where information found. Notes information and hints using the informasi informasi
Copy Memory Card Foto Foto
EN ID Instructions to the LCD Selecting Loading Memory Card Copying Copying or Copy from Memory Card From Memory Card Checking the Cartridge Checking/Cleaning the Head the Head PictBridge Cartridges Quality Contacting Customer Support.....................................................................................................................60 LCD Foto Copy Foto Memory Card Foto Foto Cartridge Head Head PictBridge Cartridge
Instructions the that with the of another fire or shock. the with other the the where the easily the type of indicated the the become or the while or scanning.
products that or around the Doing fire. as specifically to service the yourself. of the reach of and the If off with and If them immediately with If or immediately. their this If the supply from and and the as the the supply or surrounding
to Copy C Memory Card Copy Memory Card Copy. Memory Card. Print. the of each
Selects and items. to the previous item On Crop the of or the copying/ on/off copying/ or
the LCD Screen LCD or to the of the selected Press or to the Press or to the The highlight or item item Press to the item item Press or to the displayed the LCD LCD.
The
Selecting The of If to this Bright White Heavyweight Quality with of to Choose this the LCD Loading (sheets) LCD Heavyweight Foto Foto Foto Foto Foto
Loading C and the when using with the of the
You from to face-down horizontally. You of the they than the corner.
Memory Card Memory Card the light. the light. to force the the the It should On Flashing
Card SD Memory Card Card SDHC Memory Card Card Compact If the memory then it the the otherwise the Memory Memory Memory Memory Memory Memory Memory
Copying
Copying or Foto the of C Select horisontal. Select the Copy Select item
the Select the
Copy Copy EN ID
EN Copy to Color/B&W Color, B&W With A4, Quality to slightly and to the of the top and of the or the smeared when Select the amount the expanded when ID Copy Color/B&W Color, B&W With A4, Quality
from Memory Card
Foto Select and and C photo. memory the of the Memory Card Memory Card. the
Select and photo. Press and the memotong the To and
From Sheet A4. the (A4), then to (A4), C the Memory Card Memory Card. Select Index Index Select Index Select Select
Select the of Select the Select or Select to with with the corner. Select the of
the face-down. You or Foto Foto Foto the photo from the
Memory Card Memory Card EN ID
EN C Memory Card and A4 With Quality Bidirectional On, slightly and to the of the top and of the or the smeared when Select On to increase the to the slowly). Select the amount the expanded when ID C Memory Card and A4 With Quality Bidirectional On, On
Foto
Proceed. photo(s) the of C the Print. the
Select and photo. Press and the the copying.
EN ID
EN Restoration On, A4 With Quality slightly and to the of the top and of the or the smeared when Select the amount the expanded when ID Restoration On, A4 With Quality
Checking the Cartridge Cartridge C Black the Select C or
You the expended. Press and OK Select Cartridge and OK OK Cartridge OK the or of If the displayed.
Checking/Cleaning the Head Head Select A4. the the the C Select
head cleaning. Head. If cleaning four off the least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the to replaced. If the Head head cleaning. Head head cleaning the head Head Head
the Head Head Select Head Head A4. the Select the C Select Select the
the and necessary. the head. Head
PictBridge PictBridge Select and the to C PictBridge PictBridge
PictBridge Format JPEG to PictBridge Format JPEG the this and the of type, and supported. of the reflected the tercermin
EN ID
EN Head Cleaning Head Cartridge English, Spanish, Format with Info, without Info, PictBridge ID PictBridge Head Cleaning Head Cartridge English, Spanish, Format with Info, without Info,
EN ID EN Press the OK to the the occurred. Turn off the and Please occurred. Turn the off and then back If the appears, the saturated. to the memory or the memory or correctly. If to there with the or and Turn the off and then back that the If the appears, to the
ID Press the OK to the occurred. Turn off the and turn Please occurred. the to the memory or
Cartridges Cartridge Cartridge Precautions the head hand. each the their reliability. efficiency, when ready to with when recommends the of the or of The of that covered warranties, and Information about displayed, and of recorded service Once the the obtained the the head the ready to the The to its reliability. Other products that covered warranties, and off the charging as this expended, the other Cartridge Head Cartridge Informasi Head Cartridge
the to C the when the cover to the the of the
the and charging and If to copying, to charging finished, the that copying and from the If to the cover, each clicks
C Press. If the
Quality or of the following from the top. further information, Clean the head. the head. If using the to the head. To the of the without the within months of to and informasi Head. Head. Head.
the following selected the and the correctly. the correctly. If the of the or off, the slightly from the corner. Clean the terpotong,
Contacting Customer If the the troubleshooting information, services You the information or warranty If there, the where purchased informasi informasi
EN the Head Bidirectional C Cartridge restoration or photo Crop from Cartridge Memory Card PictBridge Quality Troubleshooting (copying)
ID C Foto Cartridge Head PictBridge Cartridge
Copyright Notice of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON STYLUS and of Corporation. PRINT Matching and the PRINT of Corporation. Copyright Corporation. rights SDHC Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, Memory PRO Memory Stick, and Memory of Corporation. Card of Notice: Other and of their owners. and rights those
BK C T0891 T0892 T0893 T0894 SX400 T0711 T0712 T0713 T0714 T0711H 73N (T0731N)/ TX400 73HN (T0731HN) EN Black ID The the parenthesis displayed the 73N (T0732N) 73N (T0733N) The instructions and from and information the software. To this the informasi 73N (T0734N) Copyright Corporation. rights Printed XXXXXX (F)