EN without FR DE NL
EN FR About This Copyright Notice Instructions to the LCD Function and Selecting Loading Memory Card Copying or from Scanning to Checking/Cleaning the Head the Head Cartridges Quality/Layout Contacting LCD Fonction Insertion
DE NL Inhoud Informationen Copyright selecteren of Cartridges
About This Informationen Follow these as instructions: instructions Warning: to to to to and to installation. Indicates where information found. Notes information and hints the informations informations hin, Informationen Informationen informatie informatie
Copyright Notice Copyright of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON STYLUS and EPSON EXCEED YOUR VISION or EXCEED YOUR VISION of Corporation. SDHC Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory Stick, and Memory of Corporation. Card of Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those
Instructions the that with the of another fire or shock. the with other of the the where the easily of the type of indicated the type type the become or the while or scanning. Scan- of
products that or around the Doing fire. Gase of as specifically to service the yourself. of the reach of children and the hors Tinte If off with and If them immediately with If or immediately. wast arts their this If the supply from and and the as the the supply or surrounding tout Tinte stof of
to On Copy Scan on/off Selects to photo/ hors Selects to and Selects to and Conf. activeren.
Stop/Clear o the of the Selects and Selects A4 and the the ordinaire A4 photo A4- of selecteren copying/printing or of
the LCD LCD or to the of of Press or to the or the displayed the LCD photo LCD. Foto of of Function Fonction of inactivity, the to Press On to the to its previous touche touche On On On
and
Selecting selecteren The of land. If to this A Bright White A A with of to sheets that already the the right-hand the English Choose this the Loading (sheets) ordinaire A A ordinaire A photo photo tableau
Option A A A A A A Bright White
Loading C and the when using Informationen the arrow the with
the of the
Memory Card Insertion Removing Memory Card the light of the light of to force the the the It should etwas On Flashing
Card Card Card M+ Card SD SDHC Memory Memory PRO Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory If the memory then the the otherwise the
face-down to the corner. coin. You from
Copying or of Select C the of To clear the of the Copy touche Copy Copy Copy Select Copy Copy Copy Copy Select
to the the o as shown and then or to the manually as shown the to AUTO to to touche o appuyer touche AUTO o AUTO o of AUTO selecteren copying. You copying, however the light flashing. touche
Select Select C photo. Select photo. photo. Foto Foto memory the of Select To and
Select
from Sheet of the the of thumbnails You of A4 Toutes ordinaire A4. You A4 the that to and then the to A4. A4-Indexblattes A4-index. ordinaire A4. memory
C Select Select Select Index and then selecteren Select or Rand of with the the Select to with horodatage. Selecteren of the of
the face-down. You or photo photo the photo photo. from the If than the first and then to to and from each fin
Scanning to Select Scan Scan Scan Scan software this and following the instructions the instructions Software software instructies C Select item and then PC. PC. PC item C software scanning. the C C Informationen C scansoftware
Checking/Cleaning C the Head the ordinaire A4. Select head cleaning. Select head cleaning.
head cleaning from clean the head only toutes If cleaning four off the least hours. Then cleaning the head If hors service
the C Head the ordinaire A4. Select the Select the Select Head and tous
the head.
the Restoring C Select Select Select Select
Error/Warning EN E-01 Turn the off and then back that the If the appears, E-02 Turn the off and then back If the appears, E-10 Turn off the to I-01 and I-11 Memory memory I-40 The cleared. Select or I-50 There sheet or correctly the and I-51 selected or the incorrectly the Correct the and I-52 The type selected or incorrectly the Correct the and I-53 The of the memory and try W-01 Press to to the previous to the of their service life. the saturated, the and to W-02 the off the and then turn back W-03 the the and then W-04 The cover the and the cover. Press to W-05 and the then W-10 The cartridge(s) shown the LCD them. W-11 the cartridge(s) shown the LCD them correctly. W-12 the cartridge(s) shown the LCD the cartridge(s). recommends the of W-13 You to the cartridge(s) shown the LCD W-30 that the memory correctly. If that there with the and W-31 the memory the memory and W-41 the cartridge(s) shown the LCD cleaning the head.
FR E-01 hors saffiche E-02 hors saffiche E-10 hors I-01 I-11 I-40 Non I-50 I-51 I-52 type I-53 W-01 fin W-02 hors W-03 W-04 W-05 W-10 LCD W-11 LCD. W-12 LCD. Nous recommandons W-13 LCD. W-30 W-31 W-41 LCD
DE E-01 Support. E-02 E-10 Epson-Support. I-01 I-11 I-40 I-50 I-51 I-52 I-53 W-01 W-02 W-03 W-04 offen. W-05 W-10 LCD W-11 LCD W-12 LCD W-13 LCD W-30 W-31 W-41 LCD
NL Oplossing E-01 foutmelding E-02 foutmelding E-10 I-01 I-11 I-40 of I-50 of I-51 of I-52 of I-53 Inhoud W-01 W-02 W-03 W-04 W-05 W-10 cartridge(s) W-11 cartridge(s) correct. W-12 cartridge(s) cartridge(s). W-13 cartridge(s) W-30 of W-31 W-41 cartridge(s)
Cartridges Cartridges Cartridge the head hand. from the following operations: head cleaning and charging when efficiency, when ready to with when recommends the of the or of The of that covered warranties, and Information about displayed, and of recorded service Once the the obtained the the head the ready to the The to its reliability. Other products that covered and off the charging as this expended, the other toutes Nous recommandons informations relatives conserver hors
Tinte Tinte Informationen Information Tinte Tinte Tinte hand. Cartridges herinstallatie Epson-cartridges of functioneert. informatie service hand
To expended, the to Then, the or buttons to Cartridge and then the Next, to the following instructions. touche activer Conf. touche ctche touche instructions. activeert of Cartridge instructies. the to the cover while the head
C the and to the the of the If to the cover, each clicks
charging If to to charging finished, the that copying and from the
C If the Press to
If the C Turn off hors Turn
Quality/Layout EN the following from the further information, You (light or ABCDFH or smeared. ABCDEG or ABCF You incorrect or CF The or incorrect. AIJK selected the the the (the whiter or of the facing the right Clean the head. C the head. If try the utility. to the head. To the of the without the further information, within months of the to and recommended If (cross-hatch) appears the or the of and the correctly. If the of the or off, the slightly from the corner. Clean the
FR dinformations, N ABCDFH ABCDEG ABCF incorrectes CF incorrecte. AIJK C dinformations, hachures) coin.
DE Informationen ABCDFH ABCDEG ABCF CF AIJK C Informationen Informationen, Foto Informationen,
NL Oplossing of ABCDFH of ABCDEG of ABCF of CF of AIJK of of C Epson-cartridges of of of
Contacting If the using the troubleshooting information, services You the information or warranty If there, the where purchased informations services service service Informationen Informationen informatie of
land. SX420W/SX425W BK C Apple EN Black FR DE NL NX420 T1281 T1282 T1283 T1284 T1291 T1292 T1293 T1294 BK C information. dinformations. Informationen. Copyright Corporation. rights Printed XXXXXX