and Congratulations Congratulations purchase of the F9200 64-inch to high the sublimation To with its performance, pleased to include the SM Warranty this This one-year warranty includes toll-free technical phone and service Should or with the toll-free and the technical option. Please the technical Since promptly. that warranty coverage the head and terminated the with or or other than the UltraChrome DS which the This Authorized caused unauthorized covered this warranty. Please the information this the toll-free this to of Service. and this one-year warranty the of this Terms and Conditions Warranty Products. Once congratulations and to the Family.
Purchasing Service: the Preferred The Preferred Warranty offers warranty service to inform of the opportunity to service the of warranty through service the F9200 64-inch One-year EPPF90SB1 You about the from Authorized or Servicer. terms and features of the these: the head and terminated the with or or other than the UltraChrome DS which the to purchased, of three years of warranty of service). Purchase of first the one-year warranty Purchase of the first Technical Follow these easy to technical toll-free Follow the instructions. to with the Technical to the hours: Currently through AM to PM to
Terms and Conditions Warranty Products What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the first that the F9200 64-inch covered this warranty purchased and the United States, or to the and free from workmanship and the warranty warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the What To Correct Should F9200 64-inch the warranty please the toll-free Preferred this This hours (currently AM to PM through to change). please to the service with of Purchase information including the and of purchase. You to of purchase warranty coverage the service technician with to to the and the and what required. If service required, the service The instructions about the the this service its instead to the Please the highlights of the service the of or its the items become the property of The items the warranty of the or to If the and within service territory, Authorized Servicer to the facility. and technician to location the business that to PM If that PM the business to the and while of service imply that required. its to that whatever reason appears to technical services the of field these the with the or refurbished to the of quality. (The include software, or The to and the and the following the the or The
repacked If the within business of of the the invoiced the then the It responsibility to optional (interface cards, and the location. What This Warranty Not Cover This warranty cover: Service of the head or other of the the with or or other than the UltraChrome DS which the of such coverage of the head and this warranty immediately terminated. caused neglecting or improperly as the F9200 The includes the following items: and cleanings to around the head and as Clean the and holding plate (recommended: or as when there and the wiper, and included as of the and the head, wiper, cleaner, heat shield, and Properly the as If the and turned off, the least If the off service the turned off. the to service the turned If the to using (recommended: hours or Apply grease when appears the the IC the the Black once every the section of instruction to investment. caused third-party software, applications, or peripheral to the its from or boards, or
caused unauthorized installation, to or such as fire, software or interaction with products. from service other than Authorized Servicer. Service when the the U.S., and Service where the rating or to used, refurbished, or products. or fading of or of or services reprinting. caused or and charge service and the turned off and of or service the of operating This warranty If or service, incurred. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES: THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON- INFRINGEMENT. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATION MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. and breach of this to of the the products covered this action breach of warranty brought within months of the of purchase. performance or nonperformance to its reasonable as this written warranty, neither its or including or including profits, of downtime, of third including customers, or to property, from the or to the products, whether from breach of warranty or other theory. allow or breach such the this and the apply. include both and
of this to conducted California, with the of the American Association, and the the thereof. This with the of the State of California, this which with the Act.
EPSON, UltraChrome, and of Corporation. service of America, Inc. Inc. P.O. CA MS: Inc., CPD-43448