WF-3530 these instructions Spanish speakers/Nota www.epson.com/support/wf3530sp Unpack Scan/ French (included only) ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective Turn the to the back of the and to to Press the Select To English as OK If to the or to then OK Select country/region and OK Select Daylight otherwise, Press OK Select the and OK Press the to the and OK Select (AM/PM) or and OK Press the to the Then AM or PM Press OK You the and the information, the the the cover. the or then them. the from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks Then the This about with and of the from the first the Dont turn off the while or You A4-, or as as and of of photo A4-, or instructions or or using the the and the the with the or facedown. the the and from the of the the the too tight. the the the Gently the The slightly as the This the and the as shown. the To the phone to telephone and to the LINE To telephone or the EXT. the If to DSL DSL or to DSL the
Select To English as If OK to the or to then OK OK Select country/region and Daylight Select OK Press otherwise, OK Select the and Press the to the and OK OK and (AM/PM) or Select Press the to the Then AM PM or OK Press Scan/ You the and the information, the French (included only) the the cover. the or then them. the from each Dont other or the WF-3530 these instructions Spanish www.epson.com/support/wf3530sp Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective Turn the to the back of the and to to Press the the the each Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks Then the This about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while or You A4-, or as as and of of A4-, or instructions or or the feed the and the the with the or facedown. the the and sticking from the of the the the too tight. the the the Gently the The slightly as the This the and the as shown. the To the phone to telephone and to the LINE To telephone or the EXT. the If to DSL phone DSL or to DSL the
software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection this software installation. the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that CD. Click the CD/DVD that appears Then If this option, to CD/DVD and (other If the OS X: Double-click the Click or OS X) and follow the instructions the Select the section this information. Choose Then Next or OS X) and follow the instructions options Wireless You the software every from which to the first installation, USB included) to simplify wireless the connected to the prompted to the If OS or or USB to the the to wireless Follow the instructions software installation; they to the wirelessly this know (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who To how-to wireless to (U.S.) or Direct USB USB included). Wired Ethernet included). You the software every from which to If below: Network the right (SSID). If firewall Unblock or Allow to If security (WEP or WPA correctly. the the function to AB12 lowercase or and to characters. Function buttons Press the to highlight or function Press OK to Highlight and OK The Press to the from to connecting with USB securely connected as shown: instructions copying, scanning, and faxing. Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the how-to-videos, software downloads, and If from the CD or to the as below. with software Select or when software. technical (U.S.) or where or You with (U.S.) or AM to PM through and AM to PM and hours of to without or charges apply. Software technical ABBYY www.abbyy.com Recycling offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products and specialty with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. Smooth, and graphical FPO WF-3530 High-capacity High-capacity Black Anywhere, wirelessly from smartphone, or and from the or around the Learn www.epson.com/connect to the as as EPSON, and EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. of Inc. Notice: Other and of their owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-37230R Printed XXXXXX the below to Its as easy as and/or
options Wireless You the software every from which to the first USB included) to simplify wireless the connected to the prompted to the If OS or or USB to the the to wireless Follow the instructions software installation; they to the wirelessly this know (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who To how-to wireless (U.S.) or to Direct USB USB included). Wired Ethernet included). You the software every from which to If below: Network the right (SSID). Unblock If firewall Allow or to If security (WEP or WPA correctly. the the function buttons to AB12 or and to lowercase characters. Press the to highlight or function to OK Press OK and Highlight The Press to the from software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection this software the to NOT CONNECTED If New and the USB You cant software that CD. Click the CD/DVD that appears Then If this option, to CD/DVD and If the (other Double-click the OS X: OS X) and or Click follow the instructions the the options section this information. or Next Choose Then OS X) and follow the instructions to connecting with USB securely connected as shown: instructions copying, scanning, and faxing. Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the how-to-videos, software downloads, and If from the CD or to the as below. On-screen with software or when software. technical (U.S.) or where or You with (U.S.) or AM to PM through and AM to PM and hours of to without or charges apply. Software technical ABBYY www.abbyy.com Function buttons Recycling offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. Smooth, and graphical FPO the below to Its as easy as WF-3530 High-capacity High-capacity Black Anywhere, wirelessly from smartphone, or and from the or around the world. Learn www.epson.com/connect to the as as and/or EPSON, and DURABrite EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-37230R Printed XXXXXX