WF-3540
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the features of the Product Locations Scanning, and from the Touch EPSON these sections to the and Lights LCD Turning Sounds topic: Product The and light The light
LCD Turning Sounds The The back The LCD The arrow The B&W The The topic: the You the the LCD Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons and Press the arrow and Select Press the to topic: the You off the sound heard when buttons the Press the necessary. Press the arrow and Select Select Sound
Product Locations Product Top and Select of these Sound then to off the sound: Press Notice To the sound then High or Press the to topic: the these sections to the Product Top and Product Path Product Product topic: Product
ADF (ADF) Edge ADF input ADF cover Memory Memory light
Product Path USB topic: Product Locations Edge Rear Edge topic: Product Locations
Product Cartridge cover Cartridge head topic: Product Locations
Product Scanning, and from the Touch cover) AC LINE EXT LAN USB topic: Product Locations You and right from the to photo or and or memory You and the to service or to
the From the You the memory from the directly to or containing the to the then them of layouts. You or the or to the (ADF). faxing, first to phone as the Then and the to or from topic: Product Related Starting Scan the Product Touch Related topics Memory Cards With Product Copying of You the and other options to and the From the Touch the the OS Selecting Other From the Touch topic: Product You the to the the Press the necessary. Select
the Select the Press the to topic: You the software to the the of the following: Click and Devices and Right-click and Preferences Click and Click and Sound right-click and Preferences XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click and Preferences Click the Click the and Option Information You the and Option Information
the OS Select the as the and Click OK to the topic: You the software to the the of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select You this
Selecting Other From the Touch Select the as the Click Apply the then the topic: You the to copying, or that the and If copying selected Press the necessary. Select of the following: Select 2-Sided then On then the the LCD Press the to topic:
EPSON EPSON the EPSON You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to and from anywhere: EPSON Print, EPSON EPSON Remote Print, and EPSON Scan to EPSON the EPSON EPSON EPSON Scan to topic: Product With EPSON Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or and to as the If already when software, www.epson.com/connect to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options EPSON account. topic: EPSON this Apple and to to EPSON products. The EPSON Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or as the www.epson.com/connect to learn about EPSON and the of
EPSON Remote EPSON Scan to Download EPSON from the Apple or to the wireless that from to EPSON topic: EPSON With EPSON software or to EPSON anywhere the world. www.epson.com/connect to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the software. the and optional of the EPSON to and this Remote Select the and choose the Remote EPSON topic: EPSON The EPSON Scan to service to that with EPSON as the www.epson.com/connect instructions account and with EPSON to the EPSON with the and selected. Select Destination Scan to Click then follow the instructions the to ready to the the Scan to service topic: EPSON
allows to wirelessly to EPSON products directly from iPhone, and the of EPSON wireless as the Apple to the wireless that from iPhone, or to EPSON topic: Product With Account, from Apple or to EPSON wireless You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or If the first EPSON wireless as the EPSON and connected to the the If already wireless follow these to the wireless that EPSON IP the the IP the of browser. Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the
Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of topic: Product Related Network
Selecting Wireless Network From the Touch You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the software from the CD. The through or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that own or and network and Press the necessary. Select If to the wireless to Ethernet and instead. Then follow the instructions the to wired network and the software from the CD. The through
Select the of wireless or the manually. To the wireless manually, and then Other the displayed to as the wireless (or and then the displayed The and to correctly and lowercase and or characters. Press the repeatedly to through characters. Press or to the Press Symb. to Press to the character. Press when finished Confirm the and Proceed to them. If to the back If to of the buttons. the Press the to
The light should flashing. If the light off, selected the or the incorrectly. these to
Loading Loading the the type of Loading the Loading the Loading the Loading and the Rear Loading Capacity EPSON or You of and You of the and necessary.
the the outward. If using or the and the
the to
of the as shown. the the and sticking from the of the the the too tightly. the fits beneath the top of the To feeding too the
the The slightly as the This the and the
Loading the If or the or the follow these only the recommended of sheets. first, which the or top first. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading and the Rear Loading the You of and You these only: inches or inches
the and necessary. the
the outward. the to
the as shown. the the and sticking from the of the the the too tightly. the fits beneath the top of the To feeding too the
Gently the The slightly as the This the and the
Loading the If using or the or the follow these the recommended of sheets. first, which the facedown. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You this You only. the and necessary.
the the outward.
and right as shown. the the too tightly.
the the and sticking from the of the To feeding too the Gently the The slightly as the This
Loading and the Rear the and the follow these If of each or If when that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading and the Rear You or of the feed the following this inches of of these inches
A4 inches inches the and the If or the the feed and back.
of with the and the the too tightly. first, with the facing and to the right.
the or the the automatically. follow these only or first, which the or top first. the instructions. You of with the from topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading the
Loading Capacity You or of these the inches inches A4 inches inches You of these the type Loading sheets inches inches sheet EPSON Bright White sheets EPSON EPSON sheets EPSON EPSON EPSON Brochure Double-sided EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON
EPSON topic: Loading You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON country. count EPSON Bright White inches S041586 EPSON Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided EPSON inches S041341 EPSON inches S041568 Double-sided EPSON inches S041467 inches S041257 EPSON inches S041067 EPSON inches S041809 S042180 inches S041062 inches S041141 S041649 S042038 S041271
count EPSON inches S041808 S041727 EPSON inches S042181 S042174 EPSON inches S041982 inches S041331 EPSON Quality A4 inches S041106 EPSON Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading You EPSON Brochure Double-sided EPSON EPSON inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175
or EPSON Double-sided EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON inches inches inches inches inches A4 inches topic: Loading this this or Paper/Bright White EPSON Bright White EPSON EPSON Quality Self-adhesive EPSON Iron-on Cool EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON
this Select this or EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON Brochure EPSON Envelope topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other. the cover to topic: the Product
the Related topics Copying Scanning You the (ADF). the originals the specifications them. originals creased or and or other that the the ADF outward. of originals and them to the edges.
the originals the ADF and top-edge first. the ADF the too tightly. If copying originals the originals as shown:
topic: the Product Related (ADF) Specifications Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying the information to or exactly the as Copying Copying and Restoring Copying ID Cards Copying Copying Copying You or 2-Sided Copying selected this necessary. the or the ADF. the to the recommended of sheets. Press the necessary. Select Copy You this
To than or to the to To If to the of the or right arrow to the to and necessary. ready to of the buttons. To topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity EPSON Copying Copying Copying Related topics Loading the Product
Copying and Restoring You and the necessary. the Press the necessary. Select More Functions Select Copy/Restore Select On or You this
ID Cards to the as shown. Press of the buttons. or and Press to the of to If originals the the or right arrow to the then to the of To and the following as necessary: To the and the To the then To or then the the LCD to ready to the To topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity EPSON Copying Copying Related topics Loading the Product You both of ID of of the Press the necessary. Select More Functions
Select ID Card Copy To than to the to to the and of the loaded. Press of the buttons. You instructions the LCD to to ID the facedown, as shown. ready to of the buttons. Follow the instructions the to the then of the buttons. To topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity EPSON Copying Copying Copying Related topics Loading
Copying Copying the Product Select that matches the loaded. type EPSON Bright White EPSON EPSON Iron-on Cool EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON EPSON Brochure Double-sided EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON topic: Copying Select the that matches the loaded. You only these inches inches inches inches
Copying inches A4 inches topic: Copying Select the copying options to Not options or other copying Copying option Varying the lightness or of 2-Sided Copying the and ADF to Copy On/Off the of With around the Reduce/Enlarge Custom Automatically the the Selects the the 1>2-Sided Expands the to the of the A4, Copy originals Copy originals Automatically the to the selected and Automatically from to another other
Copying option the selected type Source Quality only) the of when 2>1-Sided or 1>2-Sided selected) Direction the of when selected) Top Margin the of (only when selected) Top the amount of or appear the front of the when the Automatically switches the when only) Quality the highest
topic: Copying
From with Selecting or from and its software as the If it to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product You with as these Selecting Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting Preset or Selecting topic: From Select the the or to or Select the command You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of the Source where the to Select the of the as the You the to to the
If photo, You to options You type and to without the Select the of If Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to option: To or the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the 2-Sided and the options To of or of of the the and the options To and their the To To as that and with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White Source Quality topic: with
Source Quality Related or Related or Selecting Double-sided You of the options the Source to the that Selects the as the Selects the as the Selects the as the and switches to when empty. Rear Selects the the as the topic: Selecting You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. text and High and graphics with high that choose of and quality. topic: Selecting
Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and of to Click the to and options. topic: Selecting You both of the selecting the the options or other chosen or the the If the selected, of the following: Select the to the to manually and the to the other (recommended that Click the You this
Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the You this
Double-sided Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided topic: with Related Selecting You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge Select that the
Selecting Additional and Margin Select options that to allow Select the and option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to the of the of coverage Increase Drying the amount of of the the other to topic: Selecting Double-sided You of and options or the More
To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these options: Select the to option to to the loaded. the of the or photo as the and the of as the Select the to option to reduce or or Select the the Select of the following Correction options: Select to the sharpness, brightness, and Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. Select to To to
Custom Correction To header or footer to then to the text and location. Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with Related or You of the options the Correction to the
and Additional Brightness and and tones. the selected the using the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. off software software. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or Additional Prints the rotated from its High reduce the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and
Selecting You of the options to headers or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the These with You to the following information, which from the topic: Selecting Additional and to of the or More You clicking the button. Click the or More You the the
of the to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with
or Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to You such as this Click OK or to topic: with the apply while that If to the Right-click the the Select
the of the Software You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Right-click the the Select You the
Click the You the options: Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this Right-click the the Select Software
with OS You this of the following: To often the software the To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software You with OS as these Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS
Selecting OS or OS topic: From Select the the or to photo or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the expanded
The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them Select the and If these the them They selecting from the
that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these Select the Source to from.
Source OS Quality OS Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the options. Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related Selecting OS or OS You of the options the Source to the that Selects the as the Selects the as the Rear Selects the the feed as the topic: Selecting OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. the with
OS Selecting OS with reduced Normal and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high quality. Quality the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected this option the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS to the and from the
Selecting OS If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If photo, the or with option. You to You type and to without the Select the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related You of options or selecting from the the
Selecting Double-sided OS To of the of the Sheet To the of the Direction To around each the from the To or the the or topic: with OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the
options or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided options.
Double-sided and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS You of the options the Two-sided or to Two-sided Long-Edge to bound the of the
OS Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided OS You the and to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the options.
and OS Select from the the The the the option selected the Matching Select of the options. and OS topic: with OS You from these the Matching and EPSON software, or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. off software using software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select You this
Preferences OS Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the that that text or when Paper/Bright White as the or temporary Allows to using when expended. Switching Automatically switches to the other when of the of High reduce
or OS Checking OS white white that appear when Warning Notifications choose whether or to from the software when topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the You the
Product Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To To topic: or OS If to the topic: From
Scanning Starting Scan Starting Scan the Product Touch You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting EPSON Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or scanning, using of these Starting Scan the Product Touch Starting Scan the EPSON Scan Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You to using selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or Press the Select Scan The options displayed:
Select option. Scan to Memory Card memory and the and other Scan to to that with EPSON Scan to PC as JPEG to or as OS Scan to PC (PDF) as PDF to or as OS Scan to PC and attaches to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and web-based such as Scan to PC (WSD) or (English only). To this first WSD Services Devices) the To to first to connected to If connected directly to with USB USB to scanning.
Scan to Memory Card If connected to the from the to scanning. Scan to Memory Card Scan topic: Starting Scan Related EPSON Scan to Select the Scan to Memory Card options to Scan to Memory Card options originals 2-Sided Scanning the ADF On Select the Scan Select the type of Text scanning Photograph Select the of PDF the of Direction PDF Top A4 Select with Select Select Select highest
Scan Starting Scan the EPSON Scan Scan to Memory Card options to the and topic: Scan the Product Touch You or the when to using the buttons. You this the of the following to Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or Select OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or change. the as necessary. Click OK topic: Starting Scan the Product Touch You the EPSON Scan to and the to Double-click the EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan
and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or You EPSON Scan this: topic: Scan
Scan from Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan You EPSON Scan from scanning to and the the With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and photo correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You EPSON Scan this:
Selecting EPSON Scan topic: Scan EPSON Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan
Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Office Scanning Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning EPSON Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and You based the type of scanning. You options, and and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Selecting the Scan Select the EPSON Scan to from the the right of the EPSON Scan
Scanning Office topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Office EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. EPSON Scan and Office as the You this
Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, If the ADF, from the
Source Office Select the and that match Select the to Click the EPSON Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose as the Source Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Office Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Scanning Scanning Professional Selecting Scan You these Source options EPSON Scan Office
Selecting Scan Office where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Double-sided Selects the as the location where the originals Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Office You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click each and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning Office Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You these options EPSON Scan Office Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
Scanning the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. You the when using EPSON Scan and as the You this
Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the Select this option or to OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the EPSON Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or it If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Scanning Office Scanning Professional Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the Locate to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click the and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning You these options EPSON Scan Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Restoration the automatically. Backlight Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text
Selecting Scan and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the EPSON Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where
Scanning Professional To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The topic: Scanning Professional EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. EPSON Scan and Professional as the You this
the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF If the ADF, from the Select the type of scanning as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the EPSON Scan and the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose ADF-Double-sided as the Source Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to You chose ADF-Double-sided as the Source Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Professional
Source Professional Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Scanning Office Scanning Selecting Scan You these Source options EPSON Scan Professional Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Double-sided Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Professional You these options EPSON Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white
Selecting Scan Professional Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Professional Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click the and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options EPSON Scan Professional Not the Click the to Click the or OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only
Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of using graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced only.) Click the histogram to the Tone Correction graphical interface tone individually. users only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced users only.) Click the to the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional
Selecting Scan Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the EPSON Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The To the or OS X) to the and options as or the or off.
Scan Unlock the width/height of the it without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of the and selected as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the preview. Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the preview. topic: Selecting EPSON Scan If to to increase the from the EPSON Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the EPSON Scan's and Professional only), to increase the You the its Increase EPSON Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select EPSON Scan's based the the to Print/convert to text (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting EPSON Scan You the location, and of the You optional that EPSON Scan when and The appear Scan the EPSON Scan You to the clicking the the EPSON Scan
Scanned and Optional of the following to the which to Click the of the Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting EPSON Scan You from and optional the EPSON Scan. JPEG that highly the higher the the the (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the using PDF that and OS using or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS
Scanning with OS PRINT II or that include EPSON PRINT Matching II and the the displays the created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite with the this Select to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. If the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with using image-editing such as With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and photo correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or such as Select EPSON from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary. Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan
Scanning Scanning to PDF the selected. topic: Scanning software offers options to Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) topic: Scanning EPSON Scan, and PDF Format) scanning. EPSON Scan. the to Select the selecting Scan You the
Select PDF as the Select other to the Click the to Click OK EPSON Scan and this
Choose of the following options the If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the EPSON Scan necessary. EPSON Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Starting Scan the EPSON Scan Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan
Restoring Colors as You Scan Related topics the Product You the as them EPSON Scan's Restoration You this of the Office EPSON Scan offers that scanning. EPSON Scan. Select the to Select the or the Select the Restoration checkbox. selecting Scan Click to the EPSON Scan necessary. EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Starting Scan the EPSON Scan Selecting the Scan Related topics the Product Selecting EPSON Scan
Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Scanning OCR You and the text that with processing, spreadsheet, or HTML-editing This OCR Character To and OCR, to OCR such as ABBYY OS ABBYY to to text first using such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR scanning software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or Scanning OCR Scanning OCR OS topic: Scanning You the ABBYY OCR to to scanning. Click or or ABBYY ABBYY You this
Select the the to as the Click the Scan to Other or the that with the to to. If the Select and OK WIA option correctly. You the Select Click and the to necessary. Click Scan To the Scanning section and Scan each finished scanning,
Scanning OCR OS and then the Select and and The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Related topics the Product You the ABBYY OCR to to OS ABBYY to to text first using such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or scanning. the Applications and the ABBYY You this
the From and Select the the to as the Select the type of to EPSON Scan the used. Select and Scan and the EPSON Scan while converted to Click to the EPSON Scan and necessary.
You the Converted Click the The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Related Scanning with OS Related topics the Product
Connecting Telephone or these sections to This allows to telephone numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and Connecting Telephone or and You to telephone to or If to the telephone to or to phone If telephone to to
the phone to telephone and to the LINE If DSL or ISDN the DSL or ISDN or router to the to to the or using DSL or ISDN the DSL
Telephone DSL DSL ISDN
ISDN or ISDN router ISDN phone numbers)
ISDN or ISDN router
If connecting or to phone the from the EXT
the phone to telephone or and to the EXT If and turned the to higher than the of to or connected to the EXT to incoming when the phone with phone or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: Related Automatically with header and the to If of to the and
the Product Selecting Country or the Product the the OS topic: these sections to features the Selecting Country or Selecting the and Information and Characters Selecting and Selecting Communication Reports Restoring topic: Related the the OS faxing, the country or which If the country or to their and them Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then
Selecting the and and and Country/Region or necessary, then country or You If the correct, (If and retry.) the country or the to the topic: the Product faxing, the and daylight phase and choose and Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then
Select Select Daylight Select the that to winter or Daylight (DST) it or and Daylight (DST) selection, to the If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock hour. from to its clock back hour.
Information Select Select the to the to the then Select the to the to the AM or PM selected 12-hour then You to the topic: the Product faxing, and to the header to the of the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then
and then Select Communication and then Select the to the such as or business You to characters. Select You to the
and Characters the to to characters. international that of the the Select You to the topic: the Product Related and Characters Follow these to and characters and
To text or characters, the the the character or appears. To the the appears. To phone To the to the To the previous character, topic: the Product
Selecting and Selecting Communication You the and other incoming and outgoing Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow button and then and then Select or of the Press the to topic: the Product Related You and Press the button, necessary. Press the or right arrow and then
Reports and then Select Communication of the Press the to topic: the Product Related You of reports and and You to to or Press the necessary.
Select Select Advanced and then Select of the Press of the buttons to the topic: the Product
Restoring Related You to their necessary. Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then and then Select of the You Select or topic: the Product Related the options to outgoing
and and of and art. and to to the and originals the ADF. On On Prints the only On Prints the the transmitted topic: the Product the options to incoming Allows incoming should printed. (A telephone connected to the On Automatically and the of the incoming A4
Source Prints Automatically switches the when only) Reduction On of incoming to the of selected as the Prints incoming or sheets, topic: the Product the options to DRD If Distinctive Service phone telephone assign or to the and to each. If this service, the of as the DRD the of the and that this service. ECM On Correction (ECM) to of received with Turns off Correction (ECM). Fast(33,600bps) Medium(14,400bps) Slow(9,600bps)
to to the of The If turned and to the this higher than the of to Tone Detection On Automatically the to when the tone the off tone This connected to phone Branch (PBX) or (TA) the header information outgoing topic: the Product Select the or to or of of of the
the Trace of topic: the Product Select the to of the the and Communication the header, and of the of the the the and of the the topic: the Product You header and the FAX Click or or Select EPSON Software Select FAX You this
Select (Select prompted.) You this
the OS Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX option. topic: Related topics the Product You header and using the FAX OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Select
and Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX topic: Related topics the Product You of them faxing. You to to numbers. these sections to and Speed/Group the Product Speed/Group the
Speed/Group the Product Creating Speed/Group the OS topic: You and the Creating Creating topic: and Related Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS You of to You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select
Select Select Select Select the to the the to the You to characters. Select You this
the to the You to characters. Select You to the the following as necessary: To and the To existing the entry, and the information. To entry, the entry, Proceed and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related You easy reference. Press the necessary. Select Select Advanced
Creating and then and then Press of the buttons to the topic: Speed/Group the Product You creating Each include to numbers. You to and combined. Press the necessary.
Select Select Select Select Select the to the the to the You to characters. Select Select the to to the and to selecting as necessary. finished, You to the the following as necessary: To and the To existing the and the information. To entry, the entry, Proceed and the topic: Speed/Group the Product
Related Creating You easy reference. Press the necessary. Select Advanced
Speed/Group the and then and then Press of the to the topic: Speed/Group the Product You and the FAX The from the and back memory. You to and combined. Click or Select or Select EPSON Software Select FAX You this
Select (Select prompted.) You this
Select Dial/Group You this
Select and the To and the To entry, and the of the following: To and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the as necessary to or finished, the to the to memory. topic: and
Speed/Group the OS Related topics Speed/Group the Product You and using the FAX Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences the FAX option and Select Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Dial/Group You this
To entry, entry. To entry, and the information. To entry, and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To numbers, and OK the previous as to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics Speed/Group the Product
from the Product Manually or these sections to using from the Product the the OS topic: these sections to the Manually or Selecting from or from Connected Telephone Broadcasting topic: You from manually the or redialing the the faxing. Press the necessary.
Select of the following: Select the the LCD then the to the You to characters. Press to the If to and If and-white. Press of the buttons. If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product
Selecting from or Related Related and Characters Related topics the Product You from selecting or from the the faxing. Press the necessary. Select Select Select the or to If to and If and-white.
from Connected Telephone Press of the buttons. If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product Speed/Group the Product If connected telephone to the EXT the from the connected telephone. the faxing. Press the necessary.
Select the from the connected telephone. Select the LCD with the the telephone. If to and If and-white. Press of the buttons. If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the telephone. the topic: from the Product
Broadcasting Related references Related topics the Product You easily to the or or numbers. You the to to phone numbers. You only black-and-white when this option. the faxing. Press the necessary. Select Select Advanced Select Broadcast Select New then of the following: then the to manually numbers. Select Select From then or entry. the to necessary.
finished selecting If to and Press the B&W If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the and the If the or there redialing and the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product You of choice. You black-and-white when this option. the faxing. Press the necessary.
Select or from or Select Advanced Select Select On the to then If to and Press the B&W If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the and the the specified You the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product While these
the and and of and art. and the and 2-Sided originals the ADF. On topic: from the Product You from You to including cover the to and the command. You this:
Select with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to Click Print. If the first this
the OS information that the of the Then OK to the information. cover input or phone of then Next instructions the EPSON FAX Utility, If to and information, then Next. Click to topic: You from OS the FAX Utility. You to including cover
the to Select the You to the option the or another command. Select FAX option as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the Select the of as the the to Select from the You this
of the following to choose Select or from the and and the button. Click the and from Select from the You this
Reception Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Automatically Manually topic: and when reception to If connected telephone to the phone and to manually. This allows to tone the telephone and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to topic:
Automatically Manually To and automatically, the to turned or To or off, If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or If telephone connected, and to that to the LCD displays that topic: Related Related Manually You to manually turning off This tone the connected telephone
the connected telephone the If hear the LCD Press of the buttons, then the Press of the buttons to the topic: Related Related Automatically
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Memory Card only memory memory the memory and the with the memory the the oriented correctly. force the the the only The memory light flashes and then memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Removing Memory Card
Memory Card Memory Card Specifications topic: Memory Cards With Product You these of memory Cards with Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD topic: Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the
Memory Card from Memory Card to of to topic: Memory Card with memory to to from memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory the memory light flashing. If connected to using USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card these sections to from memory and
and and topic: Memory Cards With Product these sections to and displayed LCD and Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD Selecting Displayed the LCD topic: from Memory Card You as them the LCD Press the necessary. Functions Select You this:
through and to You of the photo: Press to the To and the following as necessary: To than of the photo, or to the to To the and the To the then To or photo, then the displayed the LCD to To and others the arrow and the selections ready to the To topic: and Related
Related Displayed the LCD You of the memory or other Press the necessary. Select Functions Select You this: Select then choose Select Choose You this
Select or to the of of each photo, then Select and choose the of ready to the To topic: and Related You based the the Press the necessary. Select More Functions Select You this:
Select then choose Select Choose Select You this: Select shown, then Proceed Select or to the of of each then Select and choose the of
Displayed the LCD Screen Displayed the LCD ready to the To topic: and Related If to photo the LCD and the To the photo, to the yellow or to the outward. To the the arrows. To the the arrow. To the OK then topic: and You the and appearance of the LCD The the of the photo, the then
You this Select Select option the To clear the selecting the back topic: and Related Select the options to when and displayed the LCD
options On Automatically the brightness, and of the based the Detection that selected off below P.I.M. PRINT Matching or the of Detection the option that matches People Night Red-Eye Automatically the On On tone to the or the B&W black-and-white to the or the Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: and
Selecting Displayed the LCD You the the LCD Select You this Select Select option the To clear the selecting the back topic: and Related Select the to when the LCD options Indicates the of
options Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected Source Prints Prints Automatically switches the when only) Quality Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white Prints the the the the On Automatically the to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to topic: and You or the LCD of Press the necessary. Select More Functions Select You this
to the then the Select then the that matches the loaded. then the type that matches the loaded. Select Proceed the selected, this If the screen of the following: To allow to the the automatically,
To the manually, manually and follow the instructions displayed the Select the to Press or to or of each to To other through and the selections Then Proceed To than of the photo or to the to Then Proceed Select the photo ready to the To topic: from Memory Card Related Related Displayed the LCD Select the to when Prints or or or the or of the ID Prints topic:
Memory Card From You to and from memory memory From from Memory Card to topic: Memory Cards With Product from to memory memory to the memory this or from the memory memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Press the button, necessary. Select and Select type. topic: Memory Card
from Memory Card to Related Memory Card You to and from memory memory and connected to to and from memory while from the memory to memory memory of the following to memory from Select the or then the OS with USB the then OS with Select the or from the the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD Select the that the to to the or memory LCD to to the memory the memory light flashing, then and the memory to the displayed. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card
with Product from Connected to Product Connecting and From Follow the instructions these sections to with such as USB or other from Connected to Product or from USB or Charging USB Product If that PictBridge to the and directly from the to JPG and from to the of combinations of type, and supported, and the Connecting and From Selecting From topic: with Product the turned memory from the the to the USB that with to the USB the front of You the USB to from to
Turn You this Follow the instructions that with to and off and from the topic: from Connected to Product Related Removing Memory Card Related topics Loading
Selecting From from the Press the necessary. Select and You this Select Select the to then the back Select the to then the to ready to and topic: from Connected to Product Select the options to when from
options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected Source Prints Prints Automatically switches the when only) Expands the to the of the With around the or sheet or or the or of the Prints photo Quality Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white On/Off Prints the the the photo On Automatically the to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to topic: Selecting From
Select the options to when from options Automatically the brightness, and On of the based the Detection that selected off below PRINT or P.I.M the of Detection the option that matches People Night Automatically the Red-Eye On/Off tone to the or the black-and-white to the or B&W the Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: Selecting From
or from USB or USB Specifications Connecting and USB or You and from USB or other such as or CD/DVD the with the USB Specifications Connecting and USB or topic: with Product You that these specifications. JPEG with the to to of topic: or from USB or or the turned the of memory from the the to USB or the USB that with the USB the front of
Charging USB Product (such as CD) necessary. If there the and the OK You and from the LCD the light the flashing, then or from the the USB or off the when the light flashing, or the topic: or from USB or Related Memory Card Related topics Loading and You charge player, or other connecting to the user-supplied USB that to with with USB Devices that than EPSON the of the information. Turn to the USB the front of the
while charging to You the USB to from to If to the memory instead. memory topic: with Product
You or stationery with background. and Graph You or with of own the background. of these inches or A4 inches memory memory Press the necessary. Select More Functions and You this Press the arrow buttons and of the options (with or without You of the memory
Select the to as the background You of with the the background. of the following as necessary: To photo, the arrow buttons to through and the to To the ready, Proceed You to Select Proceed To than or to the to ready to of the buttons. To topic: Related Memory Card Related topics Loading
and Graph You or and of these inches or A4 Press the necessary. Select Functions and You this Select of the options shown the to Proceed To than or to the to ready to of the buttons. To topic: Related topics Loading
Cartridges and Cartridge and Checking Cartridge the LCD Screen The that flushed from the head cleaning. or the the of its service life, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of EPSON and and with If would to and to please to www.epson.com/recycle information. Cartridge and Purchase EPSON Cartridges and and Cartridges With Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with the and its software know when or expended, or when the to replaced. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge and With Checking Cartridge and With OS topic: Cartridges and You the of LCD Press the necessary. Select Select The displayed.
Checking Cartridge and With Displayed of the following: To OK If to Cartridge and follow the instructions the topic: Cartridge and Related and Cartridges appears to when and or To the the then You this
or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly EPSON To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge and Related Removing and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge and With OS the You the of and of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select EPSON You this
the following as necessary: You the and clicking or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly EPSON topic: Cartridge and Related and Cartridges
Purchase EPSON Cartridges and Cartridge and the You purchase EPSON boxes, and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that EPSON and them. The of other products and The with and of the from this first of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge and topic: Cartridges and these when or purchase or T6711 within months of the High-capacity High-capacity Black topic: Purchase EPSON Cartridges and
and Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If expended, the LCD which to replaced, then Proceed and follow the instructions the If the LCD the then Cartridge the
the cover. of the or try to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of the the and the straight to
Gently the four or as shown. Then the from the or or the the the immediately the the head and to only the yellow
the the and clicks the cover and clicks the to If that incorrectly, the the cover, and the clicks Then the cover and the
With Black and Cartridges With Cartridges off the If or and the If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the supply or surrounding with the facing topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase EPSON Cartridges and expended, temporarily from using the as as You with using With Cartridges With Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges and If that temporarily with and to or To this EPSON Click Stop or to If the appears another to the using the or
With Cartridges OS Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale checkbox. Click OK EPSON displays Click Black to topic: With Black and Cartridges If and to temporarily with or Click the the If that temporarily with only the to If the appears another to the the the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and You this
Conserving Black with Select On as the temporary Click OK the or Access the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the option. Click to topic: With Black and Cartridges The following appears when and there
the The appears only when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this EPSON Click to of to or to the the Click this to using the If this the software. topic: Cartridges and that and than the from sunlight. Press the to off the the from its the the
Press the and the cover). the as shown and of its the or Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right the of the reach of and the
the the that with the the and of it the the and the the cover).
topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase EPSON Cartridges and
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product Touch If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges and If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning clean the You them them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to clean when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges and You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the
Press the necessary. Select Select You this Select You this
Checking the Press of the buttons. The the to there the head clean head cleaning of the following: If there If there or the Clean the Head and Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary. If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and Loading You the head using or sheets of the (or
of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select You of these
Click the to there the head head cleaning
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and Loading If and the the head. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Touch Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related topics Cartridges and You the head the Press the necessary. Select Select
You this Select Head Cleaning You this Select Proceed Select the cleaning to the to which cleaning. You cleaning selected
Cleaning the Head the cleaning finished, the off the cleaning or Select Press of the buttons to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Cleaning the Head Checking the the Product Touch Related topics Cartridges and You the head or sheets of the (or of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select Head Cleaning You of these
Select the cleaning to based the Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head
Head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to clean the head If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Cleaning the Head the Product Touch Checking the the Product Touch Related topics Cartridges and If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality
the Head the Product Touch You the head the Press the necessary. Select Select You this Select Head You this
the Head Press of the buttons to while head the printed, of to the each the and choose the the each then Proceed selected the the topic: Head You the head or of the (or of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select
Select Head Click Next then to while head You of these
the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head
Cleaning the Path If the back of clean the to of the the to without the the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related topics Copying
Cleaning and Product Cleaning Product these sections to clean or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should clean or thinner to the or or other the or the feed when to Turn off the the connected the from the Clean the Clean the and the the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force.
If appear the or clean the the the ADF cover and lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), to the and the of the ADF.
Product Clean the outer and with cloth. or topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning it otherwise the Removing the the head and the from Turn off the the from the the connected the feed and the its or with cushioning around the the protects the
the If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Head Cleaning
Checking Software these sections to using Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Memory Card to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or With software You manually the software selecting Software or Right-clicking the the On the the the EPSON topic:
Product You with the its LCD You information and how-to instructions the Press the necessary, the or right arrow and then If the the to the from LCD or If the follow the instructions this to the from the indicated If the Turn the serious occurred. Turn the off and then back If off and the If there Communication the connected to and software PC correctly. connected. The it the nearing the of its of its service life. service life. The You the to the of its service life. You to The the of their service and the nearing the of its the replaced. to service life. Please the of their service life. (To of the EPSON buttons.) Support. The the of its service life. Turn off the and the of its service life. Please EPSON Support.
Product LCD tone detected. the phone connected correctly and the the If connected the to PBX Branch phone or off the Detection Combination of IP There with the to and Recovery occurred firmware USB and downloading the from If The the and the that the of reach where satisfactory or the reached the of their life. The EPSON LCD, or lights the when these replacing. If this the warranty of the the of the or of the covered the warranty. If the of warranty, the EPSON authorized service The user-serviceable topic: Related the the (Rear the Product Where to Related Checking Software Related topics Cartridges and Loading operating properly.
interface connected to the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then Select Select Press of the buttons.
The printed. of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the clean or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Head Cleaning to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then
and Select of these the and Communication the header, and and You Select to the selected (Select to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic:
Software Network If hear from try these The first the its head. finishes turn off the or improperly and the turn finished the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: If while software, these turned and the USB or securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related these or
Product to Wireless Router or Access or of this of and network and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Product to Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network Network topic: If or to wireless router or these to within of router or microwave or such as that router or operating correctly connecting to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. topic: Network
Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network If try these turned and connected to If necessary, software and EpsonNet topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If the wirelessly and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and turn off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both using the wireless If and the strength. If to router or
Scan Network or such as wired LAN router or to the LED the to which connected or flashing If the LED off, the following: the Ethernet securely connected to and to router, switch, or to or router, switch, or with Ethernet to from another the If the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Network If EPSON Scan these If high If while EPSON Scan, EPSON Scan, seconds, and If EPSON Scan off back and try restarting EPSON Scan the and the EPSON Scan Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the Timeout the EPSON Scan enough to
Network You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related topics Scanning You to the of using Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then and Select Select the the of the
Copying Product Nothing Product It While Press of the to the to the operation.) the shown the to topic: Network these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. If the the light software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying these sections with the Product
the Product the the (Rear the Ejection topic: If feeding these If from the or the right then the the the the the If feed once, the the to the sheets, and than the recommended of sheets. If when both of the sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related the the (Rear the Product Loading Capacity Related topics Loading If the follow the below to clear the the necessary.
from the the the white the the while the cover including torn
the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other
the topic: Related references the the (Rear the If follow the below to clear the the necessary. the then If the the off, and Then the its and the
the Gently the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic:
the Related the (Rear the Product the If the (rear cover), follow the below to clear the the necessary. Press the and the (rear cover).
from the
the
the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the Product the
the If with the (ADF), follow the below to clear the the necessary. originals from the ADF. the ADF cover. the ADF cover removing the
the ADF cover, then the cover. the shown.
the cover. the ADF input
Ejection the ADF input to its the ADF its capacity originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the (Rear the Product If with ejecting properly, these If the to the Select the when
from Nothing Prints If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related the the (Rear the Product or Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned interface securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the
Product Not Appear clear from the Click and Devices and Right-click what's necessary, right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that this of the following: Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the or Click the Preferences Click the Shortcut Click OK to the topic: from
Cartridge If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the allowing to the If the head the the then Cartridge to to the and the replaced, to the its Complete the topic: from Related topics Cartridges and If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If using the Devices and Clear or to existing using when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then try the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select
and Inverted Click the or and the following High RAW as topic: from Computer Related references or Related Selecting Selecting OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion
Too Turn off the horizontally or software. (This option operating these options turned when EPSON Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS that the or software topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting
Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading If these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software. the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the Access the or Preferences OS X) and White topic: and
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Related Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the Click and Devices and Right-click what's necessary, right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If to USB directly to instead. topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to
Printout Quality topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting and Selecting OS If these the the of the Select higher software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics these sections with White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic:
White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the facedown the or the feed Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Head Related or Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading Cartridges and If or smeared, these curled, or the (the should facedown). facedown the rear (the should with or sheet
the EPSON to and absorption of EPSON the type software matches the type of loaded. each sheet from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. the and/or Drying to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related EPSON Specifications Preferences OS Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided Selecting Double-sided OS Cleaning the Path
Printout or Printout Related topics Loading If or these to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or the (the should facedown). facedown the rear (the should the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Selecting OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges and Loading
Printout Incorrect Colors If these the of the facedown the or the rear Select higher and off high software. to of the head Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Preferences OS Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or Grayscale selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them.
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. EPSON and topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related references EPSON Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS OS Related topics Cartridges and these with Scanning Software Not Correctly EPSON Scan topic: If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and scanning software. If operating software,
EPSON Scan With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction features and interface OCR scanning software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related to Uninstall Product Software Related references Related Scanning with OS If EPSON Scan, these turned and interface securely connected both EPSON Scan selected power-saving such as or If and EPSON Scan. the and the EPSON Scan Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of EPSON Scan If both and If operating EPSON Scan, With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and photo correction features and interface TWAIN-
Scanned Quality Consists of OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Scan the EPSON Scan Scanning with OS these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: If consists of these facing the If using the EPSON Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Office
of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Related topics the Product If of appears the with cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related the If appears or these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these EPSON Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality
Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Appear Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If thick or cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these EPSON Scan and Brightness the and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the screen and halftone To reduce this these EPSON Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality
Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the matching and of and the software to they affecting the of To the these EPSON Scan and try scanning the and with combinations of the the Tone Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If the while EPSON Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Office Selecting Scan Selecting Scan Professional
Scanned Edges Cropped or If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product these with or with Telephone Connected to Product topic: If or these the turned and correctly turned to automatically. to this turned that the connecting telephone to LINE or software to the that the telephone connecting to and testing If connected to DSL DSL to the phone to the DSL the If telephone off V.34 and ECM Correction and lowering the the ECM Correction turned trying to or
with Telephone Connected to Product Memory Card If connected to that to that when If includes services, or received service. topic: Related Connecting Telephone or Automatically Selecting Communication Reports Related topics Loading telephone connected to EXT that the LCD displays that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or these using memory with Memory Card Not or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card Access Memory Card From topic:
Memory Card Not or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card If memory properly force You to with memory topic: Memory Card Related references Memory Card Related Memory Card If or from memory these memory with the the memory the If too memory the or prompted to of the of or of the memory specifications the of topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Related Memory Card If to or from memory these memory with the securely connected to If to the memory the memory write-protect to to allow writing to the that the correctly.
Access Memory Card From to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Related topics Memory Card If memory from connected to these You the Memory Card to the Trash. the Trash and the topic: Memory Card If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the Disconnect interface Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. the
Uninstalling Product Software OS of the following to EPSON then follow on-screen instructions: or Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to EPSON Scan, then follow instructions: or Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the sheet instructions.
Where to If the and the or Scan and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following options. www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Specifications Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications Memory Card Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these operating Microsoft XP Professional Edition XP SP3
Specifications Scanning Specifications www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications front Capacity inches thickness topic: Technical Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS Effective Rear top to inch thickness
(ADF) Specifications Specifications inches Scanning to and internal Light LED Scanning restricted too topic: Technical Specifications input Facedown US or A4 type to Sheet feeding capacity thickness: inch Two-sided topic: Technical Specifications type Black-and-white and US or A4 to Approximately (US or A4) or
Specifications Household phone to CCITU/ITU with correction correction to (combined) memory to (ITU-T chart (with Interface RJ-11 topic: Technical Specifications the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or RJ-11 Telephone
Specifications Single-sheets A4 inches and distributed Thickness inch to inch Weight to inches to topic: Technical Specifications the expanded A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
inch inch Right: inch inch
Cartridge Specifications Specifications inch inch recommended inch Top: inch Right: inch inch recommended topic: Technical Specifications Black Cartridge months to to within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related Cartridge and Height and inches and inches inches Unopened the the month thaws and hours inches
Specifications Specifications (without topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to to Rated Rated copying (ISO/IEC24712) Ready topic: Technical Specifications to to Humidity to RH (non-condensing) to RH topic: Technical Specifications off to to month
Interface Specifications USB Specifications Memory Card Specifications Interface type USB Class computers) the operation of externally connected topic: Technical Specifications with AC that USB recommended. CD-R, DVD-R, and CD-ROM/CD-R: 700MB DVD-ROM/DVD-R: 4.7GB 1.3GB and USB 2TB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or topic: Technical Specifications Cards with USB (CD-RW, DVD-RW, DVD+R, DVD+RW and supported)
Network Interface Specifications SD Compatible DCF or DCF topic: Technical Specifications Related Memory Card Specifications Wireless LAN IEEE SDHC SDXC Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory
and Specifications WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES); WPA2 security Ethernet 100BASE-TX/10BASE-T Ethernet Wireless LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation WLU6117-D69 This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. WEP Direct EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
topic: Technical Specifications
Notices FCC these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products FCC Software Notice Copyright Notice United States This with of the FCC and the the Council ("ACTA") On the of this that other information, the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. If this to the telephone Applicable Universal Service ("USOC") the RJ11C. and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and adopted the ACTA. telephone and with this It to connected to that instructions The REN to the of that connected to telephone telephone the to incoming areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the products July the REN this of the that the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the If this to the the that temporary of service required. isn't the telephone the as as Also, of right to with the FCC necessary.
The telephone its operations or that the of the If this the telephone to to service. If with this and technical or please www.epson.com information. This to repaired the customer. If connecting this to telephone please Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: If the causing to the telephone the that the the This service the telephone to service to the service or corporation information. If specially wired connected to the the of this If about what or The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or (The or other which charges or charges.) to this information follow the instructions Information". According to the FCC's advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions,
Software Notice interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the This Class with ICES-003. (IES) interface interface tous NMB-003 topic: Notices This includes software Section to the of each software
the of the GPL LGPL and ncftp (each Section years the of of this If to the please the of You with the terms of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written The terms of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL
This includes the software which apply the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes software which the terms of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC ncftp This includes the software "ncftp-3.2.4 which the terms and of the copyright to the "ncftp ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the and of the copyright to the "ARC4". This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software "MD5" which the and of the copyright to the MD5
Copyright Notice This includes the software "AES" which the terms and of the copyright to the "AES". SHA1 This includes the software "SHA1" which the terms and of the copyright to the "SHA1". topic: Notices EPSON and EPSON TM Remote TM and EPSON TM and EPSON of Corporation. EPSON SM service of America, Inc. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other of Apple Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions.
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as EPSON Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted EPSON Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each to and of the copyright when using EPSON While countries' copying or of copyrighted
EPSON Products Copyright Attribution those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. the to to shorter topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-37217 topic: Copyright Notice