English
English C
English
of the the of this They from appearance, the below the meaning of the the interface Screw supply Cleaning Ethernet USB interface Head Thermal head Restriction of this high reliability/safety, such as related to or should this only to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety, such as or related to please this rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information While the of this Corporation responsibility or Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. EPSON of Corporation and other countries/regions. NOTICE: The of this to without Copyright Corporation English TM-L500A English
English of This This information basic operations to of the TM-L500A to and of the Information This section information to and effective of this this section and location. to The this their of as below. Read the following the WARNING: to serious injury. CAUTION: to to yourself, to or of Notes information and the operation of Precautions WARNING: immediately or to fire. Immediately the and or service to this yourself. or this with this or fire. the specified AC M159B (PS-180)) only. to fire. allow to the Penetration to fire. If or other this the immediately, and then or service to fire. containing or around this Doing fire. CAUTION: other than those this and burning. to this firm, Product or locations to high or and or fire. TM-L500A
heavy top of this or this or causing and injury. to the To this Notes the enough around the turning on/off the switch, and cords and caught the the covers or that the subjected to or food or the the with the cover The cover closed unexpectedly. To from from the and the ejected. the To the follow the below. Unpacking the the Width Connecting the Connecting the Turning the Turning On/Off the Loading the Loading with Unpacking whether the following items included. If item AC M159B [PS-180]) (this Downloading and and from the following URL. TM-L500A English
English This and appearance the of the following specifications. Whether or the with LCD Whether or the with BP Pass) The of the the this from the LCD with LCD and without LCD. the the seconds, the and the backlight of the LCD become and the backlight of the LCD turned off. They back when the LED On when the turned On LED On when the when the offline: the or LED On when the cover or the Flashes when the when the operating normally. TM-L500A BP BP cover Cover cover switch
LED On when Flashes or this or the from the back of the with LCD, this switches the items and options the with LCD) This the this switches the items and options. On/Off (only with LCD) This switches and offline. the this to or the (OK) with LCD) This the when the offline. the items the and the LCD the this the displayed option. Turning On/Off the the switch the right of the to the and off. to and off the switch when the connected to the turning the turning it off, the the off. the LCD If with LCD, items with the buttons the Items the the sounds when the You the of the from OFF to LCD You the of the LCD from to LCD You the of the LCD from TM-L500A English
English Procedures Turn the On displayed the LCD, the On/Off to the offline. Press the (OK) to the LCD. the and to the item which to and the (OK) the and to the and the (OK) to To another the On/Off once to to the selecting To the On/Off to the the You of or the the The with the and CAUTION: to the the once the the from the to the the with the software the TM-L500A. the to To the to the the turned off. the cover the cover C the screw fixing the the the to To the to the and and of them following the as the to of the the that the of the with the the the with the screw. the to To the to the and TM-L500A
the following the as the to the that the of the with the the the with the screw. Connecting the CAUTION: interface, the USB interface, to the the TM- L500A or USB the the Ethernet interface, when LAN without protection cushioned connected through that protection. the interfaces the the and of the the back of the the switch off. the to the supply each interface to the the USB interface, the and the USB to from off. the interface to the the Loading the LED follow the below to CAUTION: to the specified the properly the to to the the Width Turn the the the cover C the of the the The automatically. the cover. The to the of or and automatically. the BP to of the BP TM-L500A English
English the or when the operating correctly, the with If the following the below, the operating normally. the correctly and the covers closed. While the button, the the its and the LED flashes, turn off the to the or the to the The completed when completed*** printed. Cleaning Cleaning the to off the and the off the with cloth or cloth. CAUTION: the with thinner, or other such Doing or the of and Cleaning the path, the Head and the Thermal Head the the from the the and the head and the thermal head If them such the to issued or To malfunctions and the path, the head and the thermal head month). CAUTION: The thermal head to and cool the thermal head touching with or cleaning cleaning Please purchase from URL: KCTP2639 KCTP2638 Pass) Turn off the the cover and the cover. (or BP the BP the to the Blow the Clean the head and the thermal head with with or IPA) cleaning the front and TM-L500A
the the cover (or BP the BP and the cover. the cleaning through the necessary. CAUTION: the cleaning Allow the to completely turning the Troubleshooting LED the cover and the properly closed. LED flashing the head overheats and when the type of properly. If with LCD, the LCD when the or improperly. the to If with LCD, JAM displayed the LCD when Turn the off, and seconds, back If the LED flashing, the servicing. If with LCD and displayed the LCD, off the as as The servicing. Printout such as attaches to the thermal head, such Cleaning the path, the Head and the Thermal Head to clean the thermal head. CAUTION: the thermal head, cool the Turn off the the cover (or BP the BP tray-equipped and the to the the and distorted, crumpled, or torn of the the cover the cover C the backward, and distorted, crumpled, or torn of the there the and the cover (or BP the BP Turn the the correctly. Loading TM-L500A English
English Specifications Thermal Width: or Length: and Thickness: Width: or Length: Thickness: or Interface (10BASE-T/100BASE-TX)/ USB [Compliance: USB Communication supply AC M159B [PS-180]) to 45C to 113F} to 50C to 122F}, to RH to RH, without (H D) without LCD: with LCD: with TM-L500A
USB EPSON Corporation Copyright Corporation. rights TM-L500A
TM-L500A AC EPSON M159B PS-180 TM-L500A
AC M159B [PS-180] URL TM-L500A
LCD BP LCD LCD LCD LCD LED LCD LCD On TM-L500A BP BP
(Unload) LCD (Feed) LCD )On/Off LCD (OK) (OK) LCD LCD LED LCD LCD OFF LCD LCD LCD Bright LCD LCD On (OK) (OK) LCD (Unload)( (Feed)( (OK) (OK) (Unload)( (Feed)( (OK) (OK) TM-L500A
TM-L500A C USB TM-L500A USB LAN USB USB TM-L500A
C BP BP (Unload)( (Unload)( completed*** TM-L500A
BP BP BP BP LCD LCD LCD LCD JAM LED LCD LCD TM-L500A KCTP2639 KCTP2638
BP BP C BP BP (RS-232)/ (10BASE-T/100BASE-TX)/ USB USB AC M159B [PS-180] F} F} 80%RH 90%RH BP (HWD) LCD LCD BP TM-L500A
Printed