T7000 T5000 T3000
Copyrights and rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this EPSON of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON, UltraChrome, and and EPSON of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-38239R1 Copyrights and
Chapter Introduction Instructions of these instructions the to follow and instructions the choosing this this that than this This properly or to and humidity. from sunlight, light, or heat to and this from areas. this outlet where the easily this or cover the this through the to this This with this only. with other fire or shock. to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. outlets switches or timers. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the type of indicated the Introduction
the that with this of another fire or or cord. If with this the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the to service this yourself. this and servicing to service the following The or the the or the the normally or performance. If to the the or If there the them with of the and this this or touch the while the heads hand; otherwise this the off using the the this pressed, the light flashes then off. the or turn off the the light flashing. the of the reach of and the If off with and If them immediately with the the it about seconds. the the its the within of Introduction
the or to them. This the head. the IC the of the This operation and The IC this of cartridge-related information, such as the that the and freely. each the the If the supply from and and the as this that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding and Notes Warning: to serious injury. to to this or to to this Notes useful or information the of this otherwise noted, the this the T7000. Introduction
section cover this cover when cleaning the or clearing this that the when board. The that smoothly. Loading and Board Introduction
covers these covers when the only the right cover. from the collects this the clean and of creases. It to of The the T3000 with the Casters There casters each The casters normally once the to the of the to the the switch to choose Cartridge cover when each AC the Option when the optional the Unit T7000 Only) LAN the LAN light The and reception indicated or flashing light. On Connected. Flashing light The the 10Base-T Introduction
100Base-T 1000Base-T USB the USB the This lights or flashes when Lights or occurred. the lights or flashes with the type of flashes The displays of the this and the Loading attaching the these to to the Loading that the attached to the The this the attached. The through which and sheets sheets head high while and right to cover Cover to the when or should closed when the from the smoothly the the when the Introduction
Loading to to Unlock when attaching to the once the attached. to the of the Introduction
the and off. light light) The indicated or flashing light. On The Flashing The or cleaning the head or other operations the of The off. (Load/Remove Pressing this displays the Load/Remove Instructions or the displayed highlighting or the type of currently and then the OK Follow the on-screen instructions to or the the and Introduction
the the currently selected the the If displayed, this the Operations buttons (Left/Right buttons) these buttons to The selected highlighted and the of the info the selected Screen If displayed, these buttons to the or to characters when text items such as or IP buttons buttons) displayed, these to highlight items or options. Operations the the currently selected the (This to when the selected.) the and item highlighted, this displays the the highlighted If while selected from the the or when this displays the Highlight item and the OK to the highlighted the which and head cleaning. the Head button) The this while To release the the or the and then the OK To processed, the and then the OK Pressing this while or displayed the or and the to Introduction
(Feed/Cut This with only. If the with or board, this It to manually using the built-in If currently and the with first this and then the Press the to the to the to the to the to inches the to the when the of the reaches the Release the and then to the operation, and What to Displayed Introduction
Tabs/Info The tab/info the below. the buttons to Information the selected appears the info The This and to the The Info The info shows the of the If optional shows the of Pressing the OK or when this selected displays the flashing that the optional with another the or turn the off while the flashing. to this the the The This shows the type of the and to the The Info The info shows the Source and used, shows the when On selected shows the amount of the below the selected appears the and that shown below displayed to that the the of the Pressing the OK or when this selected displays the The The displays The Info The info showing and the of The as follows when the or Normal Warning or The indicated as follows. The height of the with the amount of the Introduction
The The shows the of the and to the The Info The info shows and the amount of the The as follows to or to when the nearing the of its service life. Pressing the OK or when this selected displays the You to expended; with occurred. the the and clear the recommends the of the or of C MK Black PK Black Normal Warning or indicated as follows. The height of the to the amount of The nearing the of its service life. You to the of its service life. the with Introduction
The The displays the IP and The Info The info shows the IP currently assigned, Pressing the OK or when this selected displays the The Copy The displayed when connected. Pressing the OK when this selected displays the Copy Copy The of this below. High Productivity High-speed The of the head and feed increased The with high-speed significantly increasing productivity. The to sheets of A1/D- or promoting productivity. The the T3000 with the with easy to and operation, the brightly-lit, LCD easy to and easy to The offers easy-to-understand and to Introduction
Checking operating from thanks to immediately thanks to the This wasted when to of or High Thanks to UltraChrome XD the high-quality and CAD CAD clear, and with Newly-developed, high-density Black the to allowing to out-of-doors. The offers to and, through of and the of connected and the when the highly lightfast and displays and noticeable The offers that the of with selecting Thanks to the the and short-term They and and displayed sunlight. Ease-of-Use The of to and where To the and to both The easy to Loading Introduction
and including and from the front, allowing the to The to to allow access. Choose from three of to the Choose from and to the with which the used. cost-effective high-volume or to New offers ease-of-use choosing the or This the of individually. On the the of the the and displays the caused to The displays graphically, reducing choices of Introduction
Notes and that the following clear of other that and obstructed. Specifications the of the T7000/T5000 T3000 board, that there both front of and the Loading and Removing Board inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches Introduction
Notes when using the the following when using this to breakdowns, malfunctions, and the the operating and the "Specifications Specifications when the to properly the the to the where the the with the Also, when operating areas, or sunlight, the humidity. the to heat or directly the of from or to this the head and The head to the right and the turned off without first the function covering the head with to the head from this the and while automatically. the the or the the The head properly. this the and while automatically. when the head cleaning and other operations to the head Notes when using the If the following when the If correctly, to properly the used. If the head become clogged. that once to the head from The that the This or feeding or the head scratched. when the Introduction
the that the head (the head the right). If the head the If the head capped, the and then off. To the of and other the covers If the with cloth or other cover. The head and they become easily the head, and to properly. turned of the head cleaning to Head cleaning about to Notes the following when to quality. The and the The and relatively quickly. the of sunlight and the the To the the within of installation. that should allowed to to of four hours. the IC chips the of You to properly. each You of the empty. the without The the from as expected. while the Introduction
The and other the IC allowing to and replaced. To the supply the properly. The supply to capped. around the supply to the surrounding when the To the of the head, this completely expended. Although the this function or performance. or You to properly. or it otherwise, the Notes the following when and the If the the with each Notes to 77F to 25C]; humidity: to the or scratch the of the touching the of the with and from the wearing and to become or curled. to scratch or the and it the the throw the as the locations that to sunlight, heat, or humidity. Introduction
sheets their and them that from the correctly and then the that with the If the the its Notes To high the following or scratch the If they or scratched, the off. the to this to off. the completely of otherwise, the where they These they immediately and however, they separated. If the they completely they to the sunlight. while or the following the instructions the Typically, and to the of light and the This to with the the of the with information the The of and other appear lighting (light The of from this appear light Light include sunlight, light, light, and other types. Introduction
OS Software and The following software Network Select this option the and connected this allows to to simplify the of the With this software, the from This as allows to and the Summary of the The functions of the below. Converts from and to the such as and from the The when the It selecting Summary of the EPSON LFP This and to firmware. The with the Introduction
You these and easily or these the OS Allows the user to to and the and You easily or Introduction
of the OS Introduction
Chapter Operations Loading and the Loading attaching the the The that the The that the the following section. Supported Turn the the Closing the the the Leaving the the proceeding. To the them, them and then release. Operations
the cover. Confirm that the the top of the Operations
the to the 3-inch 2-inch the to release the each of the to each of the Operations
Press the they the with the to the the right the Following the the to the Operations
10.Press the the Confirm that highlighted the and the OK the of the the and through. that the free of and that the the straight through the of the reaches the front of the as shown. Operations
the where printed. the the as shown to feed the through. the 13.Following the on-screen instructions, the OK The the Operations
the cover. the type. If information the the The the as the displayed. The ready to when Ready displayed. If information the the The the and the currently selected with the To the buttons to highlight and the OK To highlight and the OK and Cutting the Either of the following to the each the built-in Press the to the using the built-in and as when the built-in You the from the or the however, that the selected with the when the used. Operations
and options when the optional It while to the of the the built-in to the Follow the below when third-party Press the the to feed the that the location below the the or third-party the from the Advanced Option the (or from the the buttons the to the and the OK or The displayed; On and the OK The On information. selected the or selected the the location as below. that the following Operations
Cutting manually the built-in Press the the of the without the cover, the to the location with the the right of the interior. The of that with the built-in to inches to and If the than the shortest the to to that to off the with Operations
Press the OK The the built-in the This section to and The that the that the following Confirm that the ready and the The Load/Remove displayed. Press the buttons to highlight and the OK button. If On selected the The rewound. Once the rewound, the Press and the shows Turn to the cover and the hand. Operations
the cover. the the optional to the from the the the the to the Operations
the to release the the the the the cover. Loading and The and positioning with the thickness of the Loading to or Loading to information. If the or curled, the the or If or loaded, this to the the or correctly. that the to its and and of the Operations
Loading the The that the The that the the following section. Supported Turn the the Closing the the the Leaving the the proceeding. To the them, them and then release. Operations
Press the the Press the to highlight Sheet and the OK the the with the the the its right with the the cover. the Confirm that Press OK and the OK Operations
The the the type. The shows the type of currently selected with the To the buttons to highlight and the OK To highlight and the OK and This section to when To that used, the and that the following Confirm that the Then, the to them from the the OK The from the and then hand. Operations
Loading and Removing This section to and from to thick. The with of the following A2/A1/B2/B1 /B1 inch/30 inch Not the T3000. Loading board both and front of the The amount of shown below. If the there enough the rear. A2 inches inches A1 inches B2 inches inches B1 inches inches inch inches inches inch inches inches the The that the The that the the following section. Supported Operations
Turn the the Closing the the the Press the the Press the to highlight and the OK the Operations
Press the and then them straight the with its front of the as shown. Operations
the board, using the to the the cover. Operations
the board, to that the the cover. the trailing and right of the board as shown the the right the to the right of the and the with the of as shown. positioning the the OK Operations
The the the type. The shows the type of currently selected with the To the to highlight and the OK To highlight and the OK and Removing This section to board when To that used, the and that the following Confirm that displayed the Then, hand the to from the the OK the board as shown the on-screen instructions. the board, the OK Operations
If board the the board Leaving the to To the them as shown, them and then release. and The following the loaded. If On selected and with the the the and automatically, and the displayed. Operations
Checking The displays the following options the currently the Selected The type. Displayed with This item shows the option currently selected On selected the the following The following recorded the the amount of the selected and the type. The the of the when the rewound. The and the the used, when of used. The amount of the info The info shows the amount of the Once the amount of below the the amount showing that The predicts whether the the amount of and displays the the through This allows to choose whether to the existing or the Operations
Follow the below to the displayed. that the following Select option. To Press the buttons to highlight and the OK Then to To Press the buttons to highlight and the OK Highlight to and the OK Highlight option and the OK Press the to to the shown highlight and the OK If On selected prompted to the of the Press the to choose and and and the OK of foot the Ready indicating that ready to the to from Operations
This section to The the with the type of loaded; follow the instructions displayed the that the following Confirm that the ready and the The Load/Remove displayed. Press the to the type of to the and then the OK The the The the with the type of loaded, as below. If On selected when the automatically. If selected the automatically. the shows Turn to the cover and the hand. Operations
sheets to the rear, where they hand. to the front. the with to from the OK and the board. If the board, the board Leaving the to To the them as shown, them and then release. Follow the on-screen instructions to the the Operations
the The collects from the from to the and becoming creased or dirty. The the T3000 with It to sheets of the following of A1 US A0 US Not the T3000. of the from the the printed. Collecting sheets of other the or other to the The to inches the or other that the length. the ejected from the touches the that both to the and to lightly Operations
Closing the or the the to the as shown. the If the closed, as shown. Operations
The function correctly when to the shown below right. when the the shown below the the to match the of the The with or to the correctly, the or Operations
the Unit T7000 Only) The optional as printed. It efficiency or The this of the shown below. of or the other of these or the the following section information and the with the the with the the the as the the that or other caught the of the to this injury. Confirm that the of the straight across. The function as expected the of the or curved. information the the with the Operations
the This section to the the the of the On The ready The The power-saving occurred. The off. switch Selects the The with the The with the The switch Selects the The selected with the switch when the switch the The with the The with the The increase the than three seconds. The increase the than three seconds. Operations
the This section to to the The with the proceeding, the when On selected the the Printable information the the the optional that the following Operations
the switch to the outlet and that the lights. Turn the the that the correctly the Press the the the the of the reaches the the to the the and then the and right the the enough about three wraps around the Operations
the switch to to the three around the the around the that around the sufficiently The with the with of the and the the of the as shown. the following section information that the Operations
the switch to the Printable information the the the optional that the following Operations
the switch to the and that the lights. Turn the the that the correctly the Press the the the the of the reaches the the to the the and then the and right the the enough about three wraps around the Operations
the switch to to the three around the the around the that around the sufficiently the switch to Operations
Removing from the Unit This section to from the Removing from the each of the the that the following the switch to the and the Operations
the the to the touching the to the the switch the or Unlock the and from the the the with to from to the the from the Operations
from the to the to The below. Turn the and the Loading Loading or Loading Board information. created the the that the selected, or to the Operations
the options selected On the information the the and displays the To to the If the displayed, the the with the type and the Info The from the and the information displayed the Operations
the choose the Choose the selected when the created the If the the Custom to Select to and To the to to the of the when using to To without than the both the to and Operations
Advanced and the and and and the Quality choose option Select Choose option to the type of and used. To choose correction or Advanced Correct and Print The selected reflected the the right; that correct. Operations
Click the OK The displayed, and while The following when and the (the displayed. On this the the and Operations
or while OS X) Turn the and the Loading Loading or Loading Board created the from the of the and Operations
The displayed. OS or higher, the of the OS and the arrow to the Operations
If the the option the that this selected, and then the Select of the following options XXXX the such as A4. XXXX: with using the Margin selected the XXXX with with top, right, and of inches and of inches or and and and To from the OS and the information the the and displays the and areas. To to the Operations
OS choose and the to the type of the If the displayed, the the with the type and the Info The from the and the information displayed. Choose the used. Then choose option to the type of and used. To choose correction or Advanced Correct and Print Operations
The selected reflected the the right; that correct. The the while Click the to the You the of the and the information. You Also, while displayed. Operations
Printable This section the the If the than the following sections the specified printed. selected the and right the and the the the the and right of the printed. Printable The the below shows the the and right, the and right The arrow the the of the inches inches T7000 T5000 T3000 If selected Option the Advanced the top and Margins the option selected Margin the as shown the following Margin The Normal inches inches inches inches C inches inches Operations
Margin Margin Normal Top Top Normal selected, the the following types: the following type CAD the and when the trailing of the off the the trailing the The when the Operations
the and right, the and right with board.) The arrow the the of the Turning the The offers the following options: The when there received, and or other operations the the off and the internal and other switch off to Press the to the these the off seconds operations The and completely to operation when or the cover or another operation The the selected from and At the operations The from the the the as the turned off, the light inches inches inches inches inches Operations
The with option that the off received, and or other operations of The the off selected from and hours of hour. At the off received, and or other operations hours. from the About You the applied. increase the efficiency. Please the Canceling There to operations the the finished to the the from the the Canceling from the the Click Operations
the Click the the while Whether or displayed the selected Right the of the to and from the To the If the to the displayed the Canceling from the OS X) Click the the Select the to and then If the to the the Operations
Canceling the Press the the and then the OK The the of It while the to ready You which the the using the operation. "Canceling from the to the Operations
Chapter the Optional Unit The of the Unit optional connected, and as below. From the information, and From The Remote included the of the interface and, to the the and It launched the IP browser. information, the information Remote the Network From LFP HDD only) The LFP HDD to connected to the It when the connected to the USB and from the the Optional Unit
Unit Functions optional and as below. there with the the following information displayed. Other information, including whether the without selected and Remote or the LFP HDD Utility. and If the selected with the from the specified the and suspended. restarted the by, the optional the following of temporarily. that specify that from that selected with the that that from that selected with the that specify that from that selected with the the that with the the with the specified the and selected and or Remote or the LFP HDD Utility. On selected the The factory the Optional Unit
and the and selected directly from the without increasing the the to the Unit created with attached to the to the from the following to the LFP Office EPSON CopyFactory5 information other applications, the software or to the Unit This section the to created the the the Optional Unit
that the selected, or to the Advanced the the Unit and and or Next, the normally. If selected, the to the optional printed. the Optional Unit
and This section to and from the that the following Confirm that the ready to Press the to highlight and the OK The displayed. Press the buttons to highlight and the OK The info shows the of Press the buttons to highlight the and the OK button. Information the selected displayed. To without the the To the to Press the OK You prompted to the of Press the buttons to choose the of and the OK the Optional Unit
Chapter More to and and The or reduce There three including or and with the the to Automatically or reduces the to the Specify You specify the or reduction this A4 More to
to Automatically or reduces the to the from or as the or the Advanced as to the of the the and that matches the More to
the Reduce/Enlarge and to Choose whether to the or of the to the More to
to the selecting to the other and then OS Choose from the the and Reduce/Enlarge OS X) Select to and choose whether to the or of the to the other and then More to
Choosing the and that matches the the Reduce/Enlarge and Specify Choose input and More to
directly or the arrows to the right of the to the other and then OS Choose from the the and Reduce/Enlarge OS X) Select Specify choose specifying the and directly or the arrows to the right of the to the other and then More to
to the the and that matches the the Reduce/Enlarge and to Select the of the To the excluded, precisely the selected using that as as the selected the the Printable to
other and then OS Choose from the the and Reduce/Enlarge OS X) Select to and choose that matches the the other and then to the selecting to the More to
including or and with the the Once they the selected the and other The following used. T7000 to inches to to inches to The The that the the the the and the The the inches inches If the as Custom the with wider-than-expected which OS Custom although specify which this properly. The the T5000 to to to inches to T3000 OS X: to inches to More to
the and the Custom Custom when selected Source the the and You to characters the To and Height to the the option If the Aspect Ratio and or the Width or More to
To the the from the the To the the from the the and then You to Click OK The the OS the displayed, Custom from the OS X) If options the the Click and then the More to
the Height the and the and then OK The of and with the and the selected with the To choose its from the the To the the the and To it the the and The the operating operating Click OK You the from the More to
CAD The the HP-GL/2 and HP RTL CAD that HP-GL/2 or HP RTL to HP-GL/2 or HP RTL. The distinguishes HP-GL/2 or HP RTL from and its accordingly. The as expected the of the to If the HP-GL/2 or HP RTL, the following when CAD and other the Select Quality and CAD or CAD (Color) The CAD and CAD (Color) options Select when type to CAD selected. other and then More to
OS the and from the OS X) Click the Select and or The and options Select when type to CAD selected. other and then More to
You without the The of choose as shown below the type. the and right the and right only with board.) the operation. About Cutting and right appear the top and of the top and Printable of You the following The the to slightly than the and the The sections which the printed; therefore, such as the to the of the as follows. Match the and the If the the to the as as the More to
the than the the to The the such as the to the of the as follows. than its the and right If the the to the as as the Select this to the Supported The following The with the Supported T7000 inches A3/329 inches inches US C/17 inches B2/515 A1/595 inches B1/728 A0/841 inches B0/1030 T5000 T3000 More to
Supported T7000 inches the type, the or selected. About Cutting specify whether and right or and to the the Option The each shown the following chart. The The top become slightly the the while the top of the Explanation T5000 If the slightly, of the shown the top or of the If this Copy only the operation the as that continuously sheets, the the top of the first and the of the to showing T3000 More to
The top become slightly the the while the top of the Procedures the and the following Select the Cutting Explanation The than the specified the the the to showing top and the of the previous the the and then the top of the following Although this to inches to cut-off the More to
To output to the choose to selecting the or If selected, Amount of and choose the amount off the when to selected the or Reduce/Enlarge selected the More to
and right (the to the right) and right and right the the Therefore, appear the of the the and used, options the Advanced Option About Cutting other and then OS the and the from the option, and then OS X) The selections displayed as shown below. XXXX Expand)) XXXX XXXX Expand)) XXXX (Sheet More to
Where XXXX the such as A4. If options the the If selected from the and The following shows the than the and right (the to the right) and right and right the the Therefore, appear the of the the and More to
Advanced from the and choose option. About other and then Correct and The and internally corrects to match the You from the following correction EPSON the and corrects the Graphics correction to based the correction the and the background as ICM to match the the to those the only). More to
correction the Choose the If EPSON Graphics selected displayed. Click the to Brightness, Saturation, and this option when the correction function. The correction options with the operating and the type of used. using featuring function, specify to from these applications. without function, from information platforms, the the of Photoshop CS5 the More to
Select and then Select Colors as the and then the Advanced Quality and choose correction option. Additional clicking Clicking the allows to Brightness and other More to
the each You the correction the the of the selecting Circle or other and then OS featuring function, to from these using without function, from of Photoshop CS5 the information platforms, the the More to
Select and then Select Colors as the and then the OS X) Select from the and then EPSON Choose from the and Advanced Choose correction option from the More to
Additional clicking the following with OS clear the RGB Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or Select the when from those the necessary the each other and then More to
You or sheets. The following three only) The and to the first allowing the to to or four only) to
The then together to to the If selected, the sheets without the the the of the the only) the Next, and the the the Edge and Margin More to
other and then the function when the Reduce/Enlarge function to to the of the Next, and the the the of and to
If the selected, each other and then OS the displayed, from the and then the of and OS X) You around using the function. other and then only) the Next, and the More to
the the of or selected: Select More to
If the selected or the Supported or If or selected the or the with selected: Clear the together: If selected, Cutting option displayed. The finished the whether or selected. selected, the finished with other and then More to
with Printed If selected, (indicated the through and around the the below) each If the the and the red; otherwise, the The following to four together. More to
Ready the top and the from the the the (the of the the top of right the as shown the below, and temporarily them the back. More to
With the sheets the the the (the to the of the the sheets. to the of the sheets together. to the sheets. More to
the from the sheets the the (the of the the sheet top of the the as shown the below, and temporarily them using the More to
With the the the the (the the the and sheets together. to
to the of the together. the sheets, off the the the More to
(the Only) created together choice of The to efficiency and More to
Procedures the to the and the the chosen the the The the of the the The the Click OK with the The printed, the of the as Leaving the to the to the The to the the the to and resized; they rearranged or rotated the options the The and of the the Preferences and options the More to
the each function. Click the and the the and choose Quality Click the the and then More to
and Recalling You the and to If to the of to and then to On the and then the the location, and then the Right-click the shortcut the and then the displayed. The displayed. If the shortcut displayed the of the On the and then the location and the to
Chapter About when using the the and the displayed and the from the the This to the characteristics when input such as and as and when such as and from the The to characteristics input and as processing, each operating with such as ICM and ColorSync OS X. to (This ICC The of input input (or and of such as (or each type this The the input and the the there that match when to specifying the where matching as The and type of the You match the the and the input and the To match both to the input and the as
You this the following Choose the to the the operating the of the and with the This from that the This when to the operating with the Applications with the The the operating and You the the following ICM (Windows)/ColorSync OS X) when from that This effective from the operating ICM OS X, ColorSync OS X) ICM only) This allows to from that ICM only)
the input and (matching three of their differently. This the the or as the following ICM ICM Application ColorSync OS X) Application Application Applications Application Application Application each type that when with the You the from the the following information. ICM only) ICM ColorSync OS X) with the Applications
with the Applications with function. the the and the function. the of Photoshop CS5 the Select and then Select Photoshop Colors as the the Profile and the and then the or OS X). OS OS X)
to off. the Advanced the Quality and choose XP (Service or and .NET selected. OS Choose from the and Advanced Select other and then
with the ICM which input Also, the ICM. the the the type of the the following the below. Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or OS XP (Service or and .NET or XP (other than the other applications, information platforms, the the of Photoshop CS5 the Colors
Select and then Select Colors as the and then using without function, from the Advanced Quality then ICM and Select ICM selected the the to the type selected and the Profile
To the the other and then ColorSync OS X) which input Also, the ColorSync. the ColorSync supported. the functions the the OS X) Select Matching from the and then ColorSync
Choose from the and Advanced other and then ICM only) The its to You the following correction ICM type of and the ICM (Advanced) The distinguishes the the Graphics and Text areas. Specify three of and each using featuring function the the the type of the the following the below. Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or
OS XP (Service or and .NET or XP (other than the other applications, information platforms, the the of Photoshop CS5 the and then Select Colors as the and then the Advanced Quality then ICM and Colors
From ICM the ICM ICM or ICM (Advanced) If ICM (Advanced) specify the and each such as graphics, and text Explanation the and the Converts the that produced. This when of Converts the that of and white (or the match their coordinates. This of Assigns to the and and the Therefore, tone white (or the or This such as other and then
the the You the the following From From the From the Follow the below when specifying or such as or Head Cleaning. the or and Click and then Devices and Click and Sound and then the
XP: Click and Other and then and If XP and then and Right-click and The displayed. the These become the of the the
You the the following Click Right-click the item to and Click the to the or search to the the
Right-click the item to and Right-click the and then XP, the title and then the item to the
the You the or the items as as Select to Select Select recommended of Select to increase often the the and Advanced the to to Select Click the and then You to You choose from the Select the
You the as clicking You the clicking to the another Select Quality and the type of to and as type. The type to the the the Advanced and as You type Select selected the Quality Click Advanced the Advanced the
the and OK Click Custom the Advanced the and then You to You choose from the You the as clicking You the clicking to the another the
items To items right Select and as follows. items. Rearrange of to the and Select Item or items the You and items and To the
To and items to Not the however the items the Click the
of the The to the following. This function to the head clogged. If or the head cleaning to clear Cleaning the head Head Cleaning If or the head cleaning. Cleans the of the head to the Cleaning the head Head If the appear or of Head The Head function corrects head (Head the
EPSON You the such as the and from the Preferences You the displayed the EPSON or shortcut the to the If the Shortcut the Preferences the shortcut displayed the right-clicking the the following and EPSON when the clicked from the You the of On the information the to printed, and these the
and You basic operations. You items, and them the of access. items or You or the This function when to the computers. EPSON LFP You the firmware and the EPSON LFP If EPSON LFP Remote and EPSON LFP Remote EPSON LFP Remote from the software Software You the firmware to the the EPSON LFP Remote the
Uninstalling the Follow the below to the and EPSON LFP You with group. or requested, the and then with the operation. Turn off the and the interface to the and Uninstall from the category. Select the software to and then Uninstall/Change (or Change/Remove or You EPSON and the selecting EPSON SC-XXXXX Uninstall Select EPSON LFP Remote to EPSON LFP the
Select the and then OK Follow the instructions to the appears, the the the
Chapter the OS X) the The of the the or the OS OS X) Click the to the OS X)
You such as or Head Cleaning This when the Starting OS Select Preferences Scan (or from the Apple Select the and OS Select Preferences from the Apple Select the and Functions You the following from the OS X)
EPSON You the such as the and from the This function to the head clogged. If or the head cleaning to clear Cleaning the head Head Cleaning If or the head cleaning. Cleans the of the head to the quality. Cleaning the head Head If the appear or of Head The Head function corrects head (Head EPSON LFP Remote You the firmware and the EPSON LFP Remote You the firmware to the the EPSON LFP Remote the OS X)
Uninstalling the or the or EPSON LFP Remote the affected software. the to the Downloading the Download the from the the Follow the instructions the Removing EPSON LFP and the EPSON from the Applications the Trash the OS X)
Chapter the Operations The the shown below. The below shows the the when optional (displayed optional the OK to the highlighted option, the to to the previous Press the to Displayed only when connected copying the
The items and options the below. the reference each item XXXXXXXXXXX of the Waiting and XXXXXXXXXXX of XXXXXXXXXXX of the Length, Source, and Press OK to item Load/Remove instructions the Press OK to instructions the to thick) Others Custom the of types. the Source, and Reason Press OK to the
item Custom XXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXX of type) Press OK to item Press OK to Head Cleaning Reference Narrow, Press OK to Thickness Press OK to Suction to Normal, High, High Tension On, characters or numbers, and Others Selected Selected to the
item Head Press OK to printing/alignment. to item On, Press OK to Press OK to Refresh Margin On, On, Normal, Top15 Top Margin Top On, to to Advanced Normal, High, High Tension Head On, Drying to On, On, On, Option the options connected. XXXXXXX (XXXXXX Prints Sheet Press OK to the
item Network IP to Preference the Press OK to to hours Unit: On, Network Required, Cleaning Format HDD MM/DD/YY HH:MM the GMT and the IP Address, Gateway the
Copy This displayed when connected. Copy item Color/B&W Color, B&W Quality options from Light to Other A3, B4, A4, B5, A5, LTR, A0, US E, B1, A1, US D, B2, US C, A2, A0 With With the
Item XXXXXXXXXXX Waiting of XXXXXXX XXXX of Press the OK to currently the the and to the selected It predicts whether the completed without or the Can Not displayed. the of or Remote and the LFP HDD the reason the Can Not and allow to or the The of the Unit The the of the amount of On selected The the of the amount of when using LFP Office or EPSON CopyFactory5. This option On selected the the and the reason the that the from those currently selected the as below. Source Reason the and whatever other to ready the Select the
Item XXXXXXXXXXX of Press the OK to the Displayed only when optional Item Load/Remove Press the OK to instructions the Follow the on-screen instructions to the Select Select the type of loaded. Others Custom the of the the the of the selected when printed. the the OK to the of Press the buttons to choose the of and the OK to the and Press the OK to Source Instructions loaded. Highlight the to and the OK Follow the on-screen instructions to the Sheet to thick) If already the the instructions the type instructions shown. the
Item Custom XXXXXXXX XXX of type) Select Reference Narrow Select the which the the head and the Normally, Select smeared. If, head that completely Narrow Thickness You the type that the to the Others this option to Selected specify the type. Press the OK to to the thickness of the Select the with the least from the the
Item Custom XXXXXXXX XXX of type) to It to choose the Suction amount of suction the to the the and the head. Choosing too high thin or increase the the and the head, causing to or the feeding correctly. If this the suction. The suction when the lowered. this to or the sheets, the the to the of the head cleaning or head Selected Press the OK to Measure the the the the the or the of the the and right the the of the displayed the Press the buttons to the measured and the OK Selected Choose and Selecting too the amount upward. choosing too white the amount the
Item Custom XXXXXXXX XXX of type) Press the OK to of Item Check Press the OK to inspect the and head cleaning or areas. Head Cleaning Normal Select High or High the Tension On Select whether to (On) or reduction. of to characters Choose easy-to-remember selection. the selected to High High Checking Inspect the and the with or areas. To the the Cleaning the head the
Item Head If or of head to the head. If selected, the the and the head automatically. to You the when to with The of Selecting the OK to proceed. If the the Item On Choose On to the built-in as each printed, to cutting. The selected with the when the used. the to the replaced. Press the OK to the to the The the replaced. the proceeding. the Refresh On If On selected Margin the the leading to that the to this choose If selected, printed; inspect the and the think (Head the
Item On If choose to On or On or when sheets or used. Normal to Normal the top and Margin and the and right On Select whether to On or to the amount of The following options selecting On and the of the Top Top Top however, that the selected with the than the the of the option selected The selected with the when the used. the and right other Printable Amount of the the stating the the selected the and the type. The and the the used, efficiency when of used. The based the of the the
Item to to Displayed when On selected Advanced Select High or High the Tension Head On If the thick, the Scuffing head the Choose On to scuffing. This option to temporarily the selected Custom the however, that On when selected Drying Normal High High to Specify the to allow the to each choose from and the or type, the while to If the the the within from to to to when the amount of below that You Tension specified each type the Custom option the Custom chosen Select the the selected Tension the Custom This specified. The the the the
Item Advanced On Choose whether the On or the choosing when the correctly loaded. however, that the the when selected. If the of the the of the becomes with to with this to On On This item when optional If On selected, that type, or that from those currently selected with the as to this to to On If On selected, displayed the and the to this On recommended as the to If selected, and the selected the match that selected with the If On selected, instead, with to the as from the the by, the type of The of the Unit the
Item You the firmware Network IP Select whether to DHCP to the IP or to the manually Choose to the IP and Gateway information. Option the optional currently connected to the and XXXXXXX Prints the (XXXXXX Sheet Press the OK to of Press the OK to of Choose this option to Select to to Choose this option to the
Item to The when there received, and or other operations the selected this option to choose the the Preference English, Spanish, Chinese The off when there received, and or other operations hours. Select to to Unit: the of which displayed the or the On Choose whether the lights On or light when to hours Turning the The the off selected from and hours of Choose to the turning off automatically. Select the the the
Item of to characters. Selecting The displayed the from the Should the or Support. the
Item Network Choose whether the to Network from the or Remote Cleaning Format Select to the optional HDD currently attached to the MM/DD/YY HH:MM the built-in clock. The clock the that appear of information and the the and GMT. Select to the and Unit: options the Inspect the and the with or areas. To the the The selected Remote when Formatting the that with other they this the
Copy The Copy when connected. Item Color/B&W Choose whether to or and white. B&W Other A3, B4, A4, B5, the of the A5, LTR, when copying other Quality Choose and options from Light to A0, US E, B1, A1, US D, B2, US C, A2, A0 With To without With to the of the arrows. The to the of the currently the The inches). If than inches the T7000, the inches. To without The with the The with the Choose the when copying other A0(2Sheets) only with the T3000. A0 with the T5000/SureColor T7000. Choose the
Chapter the Head You to the head white appear or the You the following the head to the quality. Carry the and Checking to clogs the or inspect the and the head or areas. Cleaning the head Clean the head or Cleans the of the head to the Choose or cleaning to the of cleaning Cleaning the head Normal cleaning recommended cleaning the cleaning the head head Head or The Head function corrects (Head Checking from or the
From the Explanations this section the as OS X. that the or of A4 or the the and type correctly to the Click from the the (or Click The printed. the If there If there Clean that the or cleaning the head.
From the that the following that the or sheet of A4 or the the and type correctly to the Confirm that the ready to Press the The displayed. Confirm that highlighted and the OK displayed. Press the OK to the while to the following section. of clean There the of If there from the Head Cleaning and the head. Cleaning the head
Cleaning the head Although head cleaning from the or the the cleaning procedures as below. From the cleaned. From the You or cleaning those which the Notes head cleaning the following when head cleaning. Clean the head the or the incorrect or when head cleaning Cleaning of each of only and white consumed. repeating head cleaning the to amount of the there enough the If the cleaning the head trying cleaning. cleaning than head cleaning. the and cleaning the If the cleaning, off the and overnight or the If the clogged, or Support. Cleaning the head From the Explanations this section the as OS X.
Click Head Cleaning from the the (or Click Head cleaning and about to Click Confirm the If the Clean From the that the following Confirm that the ready to Press the The displayed. Press the buttons to highlight Head Cleaning and the OK You prompted to choose
Select cleaning. Press the to highlight to with or and the to select. You To the the Pressing the OK displays Press the OK to head cleaning. when cleaning To and the of the the to highlight and the OK To without highlight and the OK (Head there the head and to or the force of the heads or the head bidirectionally. This or that incorrectly placed. this Head to the Although Head from the or the the procedures as below. From the Head or manually. the reads the while and the to the head about to to the and the with or other that or the completely. the head from to The with the of the printed.
and head both and recommended Choose head completely the From the head head with this operation. normally this as this the head about to head from the or other that or to the completely. Head to the currently the the which head required. however, that head with the or the below. or the The the head information the of that head The than thick. The to sunlight or another light that interference. the offending light Head to the clogged. head cleaning to clear clogs proceeding. From the Explanations this section the as OS X. the Choose type that matches the the Click Head from the the (or
Follow the on-screen instructions to the head. The reads the while and the to the From the that the following that the or sheet of A4 or the the and type correctly to the Confirm that the ready to Press the buttons to highlight and the OK The displayed. Press the to Head and then the OK Press the buttons to highlight head option. Press the OK to
If selected, the the head as the head The when head If selected, to to based inspection of the the of the with the white or which the white spaced. This would of the shown the that C1 the the buttons to the noted and the OK from C1 to BK2 the OK each The displayed once the
Cartridges If of the expended, If warning displayed, the cartridge(s) as as If while the when the Supported and Products to You the to recommends the of the or of The of that covered warranties, and Information about displayed, and of recorded service the the cover.
the top of the and straight around the supply to the surrounding when the the from the the seconds as shown the touch the IC the tops of the You to properly. the with the the the
Match the of the to the of the the to to other each You of the empty. the cover. that and the once every three months to If the Not Enough displayed, the specified and Products
that and the of The the and and to enough How to both the and right the the the while the cover. the the releases the lock, and straight
the the clear included with and that the closed tight. the the IC the of Doing operation and the cover. the the when cleanly. and Products cross-head screwdriver to the cross-head screwdriver with the to the or the
that the following from the Removing the or Board Confirm that the ready to Press the buttons to highlight and the OK The displayed. Press the to highlight and the OK Press the to highlight and the OK The to the the from the the screw holding the cross-head screwdriver and the straight
the within the reach of The when the the the that the the matches with the the cross-head screwdriver to the screw to the
Screw the firmly, otherwise the slightly shifted or the the OK The to its Ready the when the
Cleaning the To operating (about once month). Cleaning the from the the turned off and the turned off, and then the from the cloth to or If there serious it cloth with Then off with cloth. thinners, or to the They and Cleaning the Clean the or and of to the should as they otherwise the to and of from the or to the head. Cleaning the Follow the below to the feeding Turn the and with Loading and the Press the the
while the pressed. If the cleaning the cleaning Cleaning the turned off and the turned off, and then the from the the the cover and cloth to or the Thoroughly shown the below. To the from the to the If there serious cloth with Then, the of the with cloth. to the or the shown cleaning; otherwise, to the the otherwise, the
If (that white the something to finished cleaning, the cover.
Chapter What to Displayed If the displays of the shown below, to the and the What to Cartridge or Cartridge detected. or Cartridge Please the The Ready F/W the Command Press the and to Confirm that the this Unit Check Unit and Unit Unit and and the If the the that caused the to the least four hours the Notes the and Products Cartridges and Products Turn the off, and then the EPSON LFP Remote to the If this appears the LCD or Turn the off, and then the If this appears the LCD or Support. reconnecting the the to the the off and then the with the optional
What to Unit disconnected. the HDD HDD another to correctly the OK the and the of the or third-party of too HDD enough to HDD used. The connected. reconnecting the the to the to the off. Turn the the with the optional To without the the and the OK If there around the the switch to and the the to the that the correctly attached, the switch to its and the OK the Unit T7000 Only) Optional that other to this The To the the the Press the and to and the If this appears the LCD or Support. To of the Advanced the the of Unit and the of the with the board and the OK The optional to GB To the Advanced the the of Unit and alternatively, that than GB Unwanted from Remote or the LFP HDD Utility. the Optional Unit Press the OK to clear the from the To of Unit the If this appears the LCD or
What to Copy with this to to The of reached Loaded or to the The to the of the and when selected the Select On the Release the and the and off and then Turn the and off The when the displayed. If this appears the LCD or Press the OK and the Optional Unit The supported. Press the OK and the the least inches that least inches Should this with of that the to the Press the to clear the from the If this when head the following items. the head Head with or the head function, or that than thick. information the of that head the to light that with head the from sunlight or other light that interference. the selected both and Head Scuffing both items to their head clogged? head cleaning. Cleaning the head If this other than those that the the
Call/Service What to Soon/Replace XXXXXXXX Service XXXX XXXX off and then If this the and service. Call-for-Service The characters indicated with the type of feed 1A**, 1F**, Mechanical the nearing the of its service life. or and them the You clear the the replaced. service to the service when: The connected securely that cleared service occurred, the Turn off the the from the and from the AC the and then Turn the If the service displayed the LCD or them the service "XXXX".
Troubleshooting You (because the The the the or the o the securely the there with the o connecting the another The off automatically. o To the turning off automatically, The properly the this displayed the Devices and and o The The the the match the o the Click the the and the option selected to following USB: USB the the USB Network: The IP the If indicated, the correctly. and the Uninstalling the
The properly OS X). the to the o Select Preferences Scan (or from the Apple If the displayed, the The with the the properly? o Confirm that the interface securely connected to both the and the Also, the If with the the interface match the specifications the o the interface specifications match the specifications the and the USB correctly? o the USB of to USB that the to the first connected directly to the the the of the become If this should the USB directly USB the USB correctly? o the USB correctly the If the correctly the USB USB from the and the directly to the USB the USB about USB operation. You the the correct? o the the directly to the using USB and then to o If to USB, there with or to the If USB, the section this
The the the o What to Displayed The the of o If or the of the You this Double-click the the and or and the and clear the the OS X)? o the and whether Select Preferences Scan (or from the Apple Double-click the that Click whether the caused the or the o from the that that the the and and the correct. that the turned and ready and A4 or the and or and Right-click the and the the and while the to If the correctly, the the and correct. to the section. If the correctly, the items You the The shown the the of the internal This from the that
The sounds nothing The head nothing Confirm the o without to the operations and the Checking the section the correctly. the displayed the o The the internal while without turning off the The correctly. head cleaning. o The clogged. head cleaning. Cleaning the head the o If the the and clogged. The what expected too light, or too the head clogged? o If the clogged, fire and the Checking Head o With bidirectional the head while and right. If the head accordingly. If with bidirectional Head (Head o This with If the smear, or the of the the correctly detected. to the
using o The when used. the with using the the the the (within of the o The this the thoroughly them the that and the once three months to quality. Cartridges the correct? o affected the selected the or OS X) the match with the that the to match the type with the that the (such as as the Quality? o If the options selected Quality Advanced causing to To quality, options that to o the with the the o and differently, match on-screen perfectly. the cover while o If the cover while the head causing the the cover while displayed the o The when the the with If there the head cleaning
The exactly the as another Colors the type to each characteristics. o and each the exactly the You with the or the the To match the precisely, the to The properly the specified the o the the of the and the the option selected o If the option selected the match the the the the or of the off the this the the o If selected the the off the Select On the the within the o Although the than the the the bounds of the when selected the Select On the the to or o If the selected Margin the than the selected the to the selected Margin selected the and right the and the the the the and right of the printed. Printable
the head bidirectional o With bidirectional the head while and right. If the head accordingly. If with bidirectional Head (Head The or the too thick or too thin? o that the specifications with this information about the and from other or when RIP software, the with the or the of the or the of the RIP. the creased or o or with the or o become or to or which the to the correctly. the it the or the head scuffing the o If the of the scuffed, option and the the head the of the o the Margin option the the o the and the of the the when this to with the of the cleaning? o The cleaning. Clean the feeding and ejecting Cleaning the
The creased. the o should to 77F to 25C], humidity: to information about such as thin from other that the with the the o using the characteristics The of the Select On the o Although normally the than the when selected the the the bounds of the the of the the process. This selecting On the the o the and type, the while to the the Also, the Drying from the the and and the the the Cleaning the Too fired. the correct? o that the match the that The amount of to fired to the type. If the match the loaded, too fired. the correct? o the of the the from the The firing too the the
o If too when B&W tracing choosing the or selecting Tracing Duty> Margins appear the the the correct? o that the the as as the the correct? o that the of the match the that the amount of o the amount of Margins appear the amount of to the correctly? o The or correctly that appear when the with the information the using that o that or while that appear when that to the o there the top and of the while It reduce the
or to feed or the the o the following the Loading Loading and Removing or Loading and Removing Board If the loaded correctly, the of the that the the o sheets vertically. If they the the and Loading and the creased or o or with the o that Also, should the to If the and that properly. the or o become or to or which the to the correctly. the the or the too thick or too thin? o that the specifications with this information about the and from other or when RIP software, the with the or the of the or the of the RIP. the o should to 77F to 25C], humidity: to the o the cover of the and that there or the If below and clear the
the suction too o If to with lowering the Suction (the amount of suction to the the feed path). the or creased or when the used. the of or the of the high? o the and the the the following as the to lightly the the as from the The automatically: Select and the both The creases and the closing the the from the touches the both to the and to lightly To follow the below: Turn off the Turn the the cover and appear the the cover and the head from the the torn or and using or third-party
the the feed or the the the cover and the button. the and Loading To follow the below: Turn off the Turn the the cover and appear the the and the head from the
the the the cover and the the and Loading and Others The turning off. o the Normal of the buttons the to the and then such as the cover or to the The the selected the when the Black or when o the head cleaning process. If selected when Head Cleaning or Cleaning of used. (This currently black-and-white.) Cleaning the head The cleanly. o the If the cleanly, the the
light the This o The light light the The Should the or Support. o Head cleaning when the turned turned of the head o cleaning to quality. Head cleaning about to
and Information and Products The following options and products with of the information, the Cartridges T7000/T7070/T5000/T5070/T3000/T3070 T6941 T6931 T6921 the of the or of The of that covered warranties, and Information about displayed, and of recorded service Cartridges T6942 T6932 T6922 T6943 T6933 T6923 T6944 T6934 T6924 Black T6945 T6935 T6925 Others Product Product Explanation T6193 which the of its service life. S902006 the following section to the C12C811381 This the as the with the C12C890121 This from from the Unit C12C843911 the Optional Unit Capacity the Removing the Explanation and Information
Product Product Explanation C12C815321 the T7000. It with the Unit T5000 or T3000. C12C815411 the T7000. It with the Unit T5000 or T3000. This item when the C12C844131 the T7000, T5000, and T3000. the assembly instructions. Supported the following high-quality information about the and other than or when (RIP) software, the with the or the of the or the of the RIP. Item the the or the Thickness: the thickness of the whether when optional Unit: F and B Enlarged: of Copy when connecting to the Head of Head with option of or to with the The connected to the without the the with the information installation. the Unit T7000 Only) and Information
ICC the ICC the The of the as the the or the 3-inch Thickness T3000 T3000/SureColor T5000 3-inch Thickness T3000 T3000/SureColor T5000 Head Head ICC Profile EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ ICC Profile EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ and Information
3-inch Thickness T3000 T3000/SureColor T5000 3-inch Thickness T3000 T3000/SureColor T5000 3-inch Thickness T3000 T3000/SureColor T5000 Head Head Head ICC Profile EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ ICC Profile EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ ICC Profile EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ and Information
2-inch Thickness T3000 T3000/SureColor T5000 2-inch Thickness T3000 T3000/SureColor T5000 Enhanced Synthetic 2-inch Thickness T3000/SureColor T5000 appear or to expanding or contracting. Enhanced Synthetic 2-inch Thickness Head Head Head Head ICC Profile EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ ICC Profile EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ ICC Profile EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ Enhanced Synthetic ICC Profile EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ Enhanced Synthetic and Information
T3000/SureColor T5000 appear or to expanding or contracting. Doubleweight 2-inch Thickness T3000 T3000/SureColor T5000 the with the Enhanced 3-inch Thickness T3000 T3000/SureColor T5000 appear or to expanding or contracting. 2-inch Thickness T3000 T3000/SureColor T5000 the with the Head Head Head ICC Profile EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ ICC Profile EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ Enhanced and Archival ICC Profile EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ and Information
with sheets with and right Head Thickness ICC Profile Quality Enhanced T3000 appear or to expanding or contracting. EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ A2 US-C A2 US-C EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ A2 US-C A2 US-C EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ Quality A2 US-C EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ Enhanced Board.icc EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ EPSON SC-T3000_5000_7000_ Enhanced and and Information
Commercially This the following that scuffed, torn, or dirty. Although and other and the as as they the following specifications, the quality. Although other other the as as they the following specifications, the feeding and and 2-inch and 3-inch or T7000 inches) to inches) Thickness to inches T5000 inches) to inches) T3000 inches) to inches) inches A3/B/329 inches B2/515 A1/594 inches A0/841 inches and Information
and T7000 (A4) to inches) to Thickness to using (Custom the to the characteristics as follows. Custom the to the EPSON LFP Remote created the to the the Custom option the Advanced T5000 (A4) to inches) T3000 (A4) to inches) inches inches A3/B/329 inches inches B2/515 A1/594 inches A0/841 inches inches and Information
the selected both with the and the to the OS X) From the Advanced and as the to the Custom option the to the characteristics such as fixating, or thickness the the characteristics, the or with the with this purchasing amount of If the Quality or OS X) Advanced and clear the High and Information
Notes or Transporting the the following operations when or the where shown when the T7000/SureColor T5000 T3000 the otherwise, the and the with the otherwise, the and to or or Transporting the following or the Turn off the and optional they (The when T3000 and Information
Notes the the and to from shock and or Transporting or the head Checking The following to and the software this XP CPU Core or Memory GB or memory GB or Interface USB-Compatible with the USB Specification. SVGA or higher shielded twisted-pair or higher). as with user to the group). Ethernet 10BASE-T, 100BASE-TX/1000BASE-T and Information
OS OS or CPU Core or Memory GB or memory GB or WXGA or higher Interface USB-Compatible with the USB Specification. shielded twisted-pair or higher). Ethernet 10BASE-T, 100BASE-TX/1000BASE-T and Information
Specifications This EPEAT the information, EPEAT specifications Specifications Black and ESC/P command) Friction memory 512MB Rated AC to Rated to Rated T7000: to T7000: Approximately or off or to 35C to 95F) to (without Color: and HP-GL/2, HP RTL 128MB Network T5000: to T3000: to T5000: T3000: Approximately to 60C to 140F) (within hours 60C (140F), within month 40C (104F)) to 40C to 104F) (within month 40C (104F)) to (without to (without and Information
Specifications temperature/humidity (optional Unit temperature/humidity (optional Unit T7000: T7000: (W) (D) (H) T5000: (W) (D) (H) T3000: (W) (D) (H) (with (W) (D) (H) T5000: Approximately T3000: Approximately (with Approximately and Information
information HP-GL/2 and HP RTL, the closed. Specifications Black the the (when Uninstalled: to 104F to 40C) (within 4F [20C], month 104F [40C]) Cartridge (W) (D) (H) that and the thoroughly once three months to The below 4F (20C) If 77F (25C) least four hours (without the Color: Yellow, to 104F to 40C) (within 4F [20C], month 104F [40C]) to 104F to 40C) (within 4F [20C], month 104F [40C], hours 140F [60C]) (W) (D) (H) (W) (D) (H) and Information
and UL EMC FCC Class FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or CAN/CSA C22.2 Directive EN 2006/95/EC CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class AS/NZS CISPR Class EMC Directive EN Class 2004/108/EC EN EN EN and Information
WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 and Information
Where To Contacting technical and information the installation, and New products of professional products through the EPSON Warranty AM to PM, through and hours of to without Unit ID which included with the EPSON Preferred Warranty information that with and of purchase. U.S. (www.epson.com/support) or (www.epson.ca/support) and to You firmware, and and troubleshooting or with other software the that software technical information. Purchase and Accessories You purchase EPSON and from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or New to sections The "other" products SPC, and SIDM. Where To
C Software Source Software This includes software Section to the of each software the of the GPL LGPL and ncftp (each Section years the of of this If to the please the Contacting Support the and the of You comply with the terms of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which the Software This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written The terms of each software the Software The of software which this includes as follows. Software Terms
GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or (GPL The of GPL smartmontools-5.40 GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or GPL The of LGPL This includes the software which apply the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes the software which the of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution Software Terms
This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution (BSD RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC This includes the software ncftp-3.2.4 which the terms and of the copyright to the ncftp. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which apply the Apple Source or its the of the to the Apple Source or its years the of of this If to the of the please the "Contacting Customer or of this and the of You redistribute and/or the of the Apple Source or its These WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The Apple Source as follows. You the Apple Source APPLE PUBLIC SOURCE LICENSE Software Terms
Definitions. This to or other which Apple Computer, Inc. publicly and which Apple such or as and that to the terms of this Apple Source this "Applicable Rights" the where Apple the of rights, of that or or assigned to Apple and that cover contained the to the to and/or the without and the where You the of rights, of that or or assigned to You and that cover Modifications, or with "Contributor" or that or to the creation of Modifications. the Modifications, the of and Modifications, and/or respective thereof. "Externally to or otherwise directly or indirectly, to other than and/or to or as of Work, to service, including to of through with other than Work" which or thereof with the of this "Modifications" to, from, and/or to, the and/or of the Modifications, the of and Modifications, and/or respective thereof. released as of to or from the of containing and/or or other of that of the Source of or other as originally Apple this including the Source of or to such or Apple this and that Apple as such the header of such and the from such Source and originally Apple this "Source the of or other that to including associated interface to and of Software Terms
or or rights this or includes which by, or with, where the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. Conditions Restrictions. to the terms and of this Apple effective the You this and the royalty-free, to the of Applicable Rights and copyrights covering the to the following: You internally within organization, and Externally of the or that each instance: You and of the copyright and other and of Apple as they appear the and intact the that to this and You include of this with of Source of and You or Externally Deploy, and You offer or such Source that or this or the rights as Section You and internally within organization, and Externally and or that each instance You of these You the of Section with to the Source of the You to the already the each of the Source of Modifications, and the to stating that You the and the of and If You Externally Modifications, You Source of Externally Deployed to those to whom You Externally Deployed Modifications, or publicly Source of Externally Deployed released the terms forth this including the forth Section below, as as Externally the or months from the of whichever You should preferably the Source of Externally Deployed from Software Terms
Distribution of You Externally and/or Modifications) only, You include the as as related that Source of the the terms of this with information and where to such Source Third Party Rights. You acknowledge and that although Apple and each the to their respective of the forth Apple or that the the or other property rights of other entity. Apple and each to You brought other based of property rights or otherwise. to the rights and You responsibility to other property rights third to allow You to the responsibility to that the of, and as to, the to You this You to or or this royalty-free, Applicable Rights and other property rights (other than or to and Externally of the and as Sections and Works. You Work combining with other the terms of this and the Work as each such instance, You the of this the or thereof. as stated Section other rights, or implied, Apple and/or Works from Apple which Apple its Additional You choose to offer, and to warranty, indemnity or obligations and/or other rights with the of the ("Additional to or of You and as responsibility, and of Apple or Contributor. You the that such Additional Terms offered You and You to and Apple and every incurred or asserted Apple or such reason of such Additional Software Terms
of the Apple revised and/or of this from to distinguishing Once published of this You to the terms of that You choose to such the terms of of this published other than Apple the right to the terms to created this NO WARRANTY OR SUPPORT. The whole or untested, or tested The that or of and or You acknowledge and that of the or thereof, and THE COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY, UPGRADES OR SUPPORT OF ANY KIND AND APPLE AND APPLE'S LICENSOR(S) (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS "APPLE" FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTIONS AND AND ALL CONTRIBUTORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. APPLE AND EACH CONTRIBUTOR DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE COVERED CODE, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE COVERED CODE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE COVERED CODE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE COVERED CODE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY APPLE, AN APPLE AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR SHALL CREATE WARRANTY. You acknowledge that the the operation of or which the of the to death, injury, or physical or LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS LICENSE OR YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE COVERED CODE, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCTS LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF APPLE OR SUCH CONTRIBUTOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. to You (other than as this the amount of Software Terms
This rights to the or "Apple Computer", OS", "QuickTime", "QuickTime Streaming or other service or to Apple (collectively "Apple or to service or to You to Apple or as of the of products from the or to or products from the other than as and with third which Ownership. to the this each rights, title and and to such Contributor. Apple rights, title and and to the and or of Apple ("Apple Modifications"), and such Apple to this Apple its choose to such Apple this or from those this or choose to them Termination. Termination. This and the rights without from Apple You to comply with term(s) of this and to such breach within of becoming of such breach; immediately the of the Section or without from Apple the of this action Apple; that Apple first action You that instance. Effect of Termination. termination, You to immediately further reproduction, sublicensing and of the to the which properly to termination termination of this Provisions which, their should the termination of this including to Sections and to other indemnity or of as of terminating this with its terms, and termination of this without to other right or of party. Software Terms
Government Users. The as FAR Government software and technical rights the include those rights to the as this This customary technical and software with FAR (Technical and Software) and, of purchases, DFAR (Technical Items) and (Rights Software or Computer Software Accordingly, U.S. Government with only those rights forth Relationship of This as creating agency, partnership, or other of or Apple or Contributor, and You to the contrary, whether expressly, appearance or otherwise. Nothing this right to others and/or or products that the or functions or otherwise with, Modifications, Works, or products that You or Waiver; Construction. Apple or to of this waiver of of that or other or which that the of the apply to this Severability. If reason of of this or thereof, to that of the to the as to the and of the and the of this force and Notwithstanding the or restricts You from and/or specifically complying with Sections and/or or the enforceability of of those Sections, this immediately terminate and You immediately of the and of that or or other You and Apple relating to this the Northern District of California, and You and Apple to the of, and the and within that District with to this The of the United Nations Contracts the International of excluded. This the the with to the hereof. This the of the United States and the State of California, that of California concerning conflicts of Software
Where You located the of the following The that they that this and related English. tous EXHIBIT A. Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. Rights This and/or of as and that to the Apple Source (the You this with the Please of the and this The and software distributed the distributed 'AS IS' WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND APPLE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please the the rights and the Other Software Info-ZIP copyright and This of the Info-ZIP The of this should indefinitely and Copyright Info-ZIP. rights the of this copyright and Info-ZIP as the following of Goatley, Chris Herborth, Heath, Jonathan P. Salisbury, Smith, M. Christian White. Software Terms
to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the and the following Redistributions of whole or the copyright and this of Redistributions and the copyright and this of and/or other with the The to this redistribution of (including as of self-extracting archive; that without inclusion of this as as the SFX from the or versions--including, to operating existing with graphical interfaces, with or functionality, and shared, or from Info-ZIP--must plainly as such and as the or, from the as Info-ZIP releases--including, to, of the with the "Info-ZIP" (or thereof, including, to, UnZip," or without the of Info-ZIP. further from of the or Info-ZIP or the Info-ZIP URL(s), such as to imply Info-ZIP the Info-ZIP the right to the "Info-ZIP," "UnZip," UnZip," and its and releases. Software Terms