WF-2540 WF-2540. Scanning, or Copying or From Computer. Scanning or Product Notices
WF-2540 WF-2540 the to this and instructions using Where to information and from the easy-to-use this the basics. the Wireless and from www.epson.com/connect with EPSON the High-capacity this instructions. Advanced with this or the instructions. Copy USB and the WF-2540
the The easy to the features of To the of inactivity. Press to To off the heard when the Copy to or to then OK Select Sound then and OK If turn off the sound, the sound when turned off. Turn the or off Access Access Copy and the LCD Screen the arrow and OK to numbers, and Select Stop printing/copying/scanning/faxing or wireless Access Scan each to the Select printing/copying/scanning/faxing the
offers of high easy to the of and creative You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON EPSON Bright White inches S041586 EPSON Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided EPSON inches S041341 EPSON inches S041467 EPSON inches S041568 Double-sided EPSON inches S041062 EPSON inches S042181 S042174 EPSON inches S041982 EPSON inches S041808 S041727 inches S041257 S042180 inches S041067 inches S041945 inches S041946 S042182 S042175 inches S041331 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 count
EPSON inches S041809 S042038 EPSON Quality Self-adhesive A4 inches S041106 EPSON Iron-on Cool inches S041153 country. instructions, the or and the of the the right with the usually whiter or or top first.) first and the the as shown. If with only A4-, or and inches S041141 S041649 S041271 count
Scanning, or or the or the (ADF). the only and the ADF. the You or to (or the the cover. facedown the front right of the with the top of the right the cover Scanning, or
the You to of or or sheets of only the ADF. the outward. the then them to the the originals top first. The ADF light the the the too tightly. the
Copying or Follow the this section to black-and-white or If the (ADF), to sheets of or or sheets of the ADF. the the or the ADF Press the Copy Press or or the to the of to Press or to the or To the or to and Copy OK or to then OK Press or to With to around the or (when copying to the the to the of the Then OK To type, or other or to the then OK Press or to option, then OK If copying to Reduce/Enlarge then Not and Quality the options choose. the To clear selecting to the Press the B&W or to copying. To copying, Stop/Reset or
From This section the from or instructions the Select the EPSON selected, then the Preferences or (If or Then Preferences or the Select EPSON Click to software From
On the the basic choose the the Click to preselected to the of the the of the You these or clicking the the More information about or Click OK to Click OK or to Select Click
With Follow the below to from OS X. the and Select EPSON as the Click the arrow or to the necessary. Select and choose with option. You to If the isnt shown from the this and the Select EPSON Copy and Application With
Choose from the and the following Choose other options from the the Click To the the Selecting the Correct Select the or OS X) software the coverage accordingly. this Select this EPSON Bright White EPSON EPSON Quality Self-adhesive EPSON Iron-on Cool EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON EPSON Brochure Double-sided Envelope Selecting the Correct Paper/Bright White Choose Select below) Select higher or
Scanning or You to and and them instructions, the Scanning With the Scan the Scan to or photo and You photo and included or photo as shown Press the Scan Press or to of the following options, then OK Scan to USB or photo and to USB Scan to to that with EPSON Scan to PC JPG and to Scan to PC (PDF) PDF and to Scan to PC photo, and attaches JPG to outgoing This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft or web-based such as Scan to PC (WSD) or (English only). To this first WSD Services Devices) the to to. Scanning or
of the following: If to USB then the B&W or to scanning. If to the then the B&W or to scanning. If to USB connected USB or the of connected Then the to scanning. Scanning With EPSON Scan Software You and and them as using the EPSON Scan software. You EPSON Scan from TWAIN- OS Scanning With OS or photo as shown of the following to EPSON Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan OS Double-click EPSON Scan Applications Software To from Then the choose or and Scanning With EPSON Scan Software
EPSON Scan Office the first (You the using the the right corner.) You to with the Click Scan The and its the selected. Scanning With OS You and and them as or photo as shown such as and from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. the the indicating where If to such as Restoration and Scanning With OS Click to the
the Scan To the which to Click Scan to scanning. to the selected. With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, (U.S.) or Scanning With OS
or selecting from or If the (ADF), to of or or sheets of only the ADF. You or from using the FAX Utility. information, the or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that or and This allows to telephone numbers, and its memory when the turned off. the following to the memory or of the Select .This of and Connecting or the phone from the to the LINE the back of the If the to DSL phone DSL the or to the or telephone DSL the Telephone
To telephone or phone of the to the telephone or and the other to the EXT. the back of the the incoming and the or the the the If the other the as or the phone or to the EXT. to incoming when the phone with phone or fiberoptic services such as or should header and the of the To other or the FAX Utility, the Information You should and phone the header that the of the incoming that include header information. If of the and the instructions them. Press the then Press or to then OK Press or to Communication then OK Press or to then OK Telephone
Press OK to the to or other header information the to and Characters below). You to the arrow buttons to then OK to to the From the or to then OK You the phone input the to to OK Press to the the to and Characters and text follow these To the Press the to when Press to or to character. To characters, the or arrow buttons to highlight character the Press OK to the on-screen function to AB12 lowercase or or to characters finished, highlight and OK Selecting the of to If connected and to the fourth should the to the fifth or Press the then Press or to then OK Press or to Communication then OK Press or to to then OK Function buttons Features
Press or or the to the of then OK Select than the Press to the From the You manually as below. To the using telephone, redialing, or selecting from the section. To from the FAX Utility, Press the original(s) the to the the to and Characters You to To and as necessary. Press the B&W or to If prompted, where (ADF or If the and white, and white If with the ADF, and If the the first If the redialing and the To immediately, To faxing, From the
Other to other Press the to the used. To entry, the Dial/Group once, or type the of entry, and OK Then the B&W or information the To entry, the Dial/Group or type the of entry, and OK Then the B&W or information the If connected telephone to the the from the Select then the B&W or Dont the the If turn off the the following the temporary memory that printed, scheduled to and automatically. and the the loaded. Also, the to automatically. Press the then Press or to then OK Press or to then OK Press or to to then OK Press or to the loaded, then OK If the incoming than the loaded, reduced to or the Reduction select.
To automatically, or to OK or to On then OK Press when To the of the If of and the B&W or to To manually, off the and follow these the phone off the Press or to OK then the B&W or button. the received, the the Press the B&W or to the
Product Follow the instructions this chapter to and clean the head and If to the head, the To top of the cover or as writing If to clean the cover, microfiber-type cloth. Checking the Head If or them, of the the head or or of the Follow the below to the head of or the Press the Press or to then OK Press OK to then the B&W or the that to there the cleaning If there the head clean. Press OK to If there or the Head Cleaning and OK to the head Product
Cleaning the Head If and the the head. head cleaning only necessary. You the head expended, and to when You the first of or the Press the Press or to then OK Press or to Head Cleaning OK then OK Cleaning finished, the LCD off the head cleaning or Select OK then the B&W or to and that the head clean. If cleaning the head four the and least hours to Then cleaning the head If of the to replaced. If that as If to least once month to quality. Checking If expended, LCD when expended. If expended, to temporarily with the information. If the expended, to Cleaning the Head
You the using the below. The To the with or OS software, the instructions Press the Press or to then OK The displayed. to necessary. appear to when This optionally offers and other from To offers or from the instructions Purchasing EPSON Cartridges You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the following when or purchase Standard-capacity High-capacity Black 200XL 200XL 200XL 200XL that EPSON and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and amount of the the The included with the and the within months of the and the the If to allow them to to least hours them. Purchasing EPSON Cartridges
Cartridges ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the obtained or the the head Turn the If expended, the LCD indicating which to which to and OK If the LCD the or to or to Cartridge then OK the the white the the the and of the or try to Warning: If off with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right Cartridges
the four or Then from the the or the the This the the yellow from the of the other or or the the and clicks the Press OK to charging the This about the LCD charging finished. off the while charging or If the LCD OK and the securely. Then OK If or and the If while copying or photo, and correctly the Then Cartridges
If with EPSON the the LCD to the You the basic troubleshooting below, or or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Network instructions, to the router or with or another to that the router or correctly. the router off and then then to to Network that the and the strength. If the to router or to microwave or such as cabinet.Try the to location. If wireless router its (SSID), instructions manually wireless If wireless router or wireless security to know what of security there (such as MAC the wireless router. If the MAC the router. Network to the MAC Then routers instructions. If wireless router security the WEP or WPA correctly. the firewall temporarily to that causing the firewall firewall or security software to (TCP/ UDP). firewall and the CD to software.
the to Network If to to wireless the CD and the the (SSID) and Press the Press OK to Press or to the of wireless then OK with If Other then OK You this (SSID). the or arrow to highlight character the Press OK to the on-screen function buttons to AB12 lowercase or or to characters If (ABC) or lowercase them correctly. Highlight and OK when finished If security the Follow the instructions to the If or lowercase them correctly. Highlight and OK when finished the connected to the light should and flashing. the software every from which to prompted software The already wireless The Products Light On You router might assigning IP using DHCP. If to the IP manually. correctly To the IP the from (U.S.) or Function buttons Network
Scan the Network connected to the as If from the restarted the software. EPSON firewall or security software. If high If the the the and the EPSON Scan If while EPSON Scan, EPSON Scan, and seconds. If EPSON Scan the off and and then the Timeout EPSON Scan Network Sheet Press Press or to then OK Press or to Confirm then OK Press the B&W or to and Copying the of matches the selected the or software. properly If the and the of cropped, from the slightly. Also, the the when expended. If expended, to temporarily with the information. If the expended, to first and the right with the its Dont the arrow the and Copying
If feed, from the through the to the sheets Then the the right and the the too tightly). Dont too sheets once. information Dont the arrow the If follow the the LCD If necessary, follow these the trapped including torn the white the the If correctly the (ADF), the or curled. If the ADF cover and to the without the ADF cover or the ADF cover and Copying
the and of the including torn Then the the ADF cover). ADF cover the ADF input and the the ADF input to its and the ADF cover. the turned and the LINE the connected to telephone that the telephone phone to the turned to If phone includes services, or service. If the or to and or to Communication Then the following the Communication Press or to ECM and off the ECM Press or to and or If the connected to DSL phone DSL to the phone DSL the and Copying
If connected telephone or connected to the EXT. If connected the to higher of than the Quality the whiter, or the EPSON and EPSON the type of matches the type the or software If light or or they too to the head cleaning. If to the head. the instructions. The and Clean the with lint-free cloth recommended), or amount of cloth, necessary. directly the and Copying
Where to Technical (U.S.) or where or to please the following information ready: Product (WF-2540) Product (located the back of the and the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then (U.S.) or AM to PM through and AM to PM and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Other Software Technical ABBYY www.abbyy.com Where to
Notices Instructions EPSON and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the only the type of indicated the the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the outlet where the easily If the the from the off the the and the light flashing the or off to the the the as or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or frayed. to and top of and allow to or to the straight each If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the the to or other with the of the the both connected the the that its It properly or locations that to high or humidity, or humidity, or or or or the the heat light, or sunlight. the from of interference, such as or the of enough the the the that the cover, and front of the the to ejected. the back of the least inches from the or cover the or through the Notices
products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the the section while the copying, scanning, or other to when closing the cover or the white the the the near with the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. or to of the yourself, as specifically the that covered the operating instructions. or transporting the its or otherwise from the LCD cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD or to If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. Wireless Network To affecting the of the following and causing the facility; within inches of near such as or fire Cartridge of the reach of when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right the or Instructions
to the head hand, or the the the head the right) and the immediately Leaving the head and the from too or their this them to to the the of the when from the the IC or the the of the This operation. the from the otherwise, or to or tear the the this the from the of the otherwise, the become If the from and and the as the that there the covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding with their facing upward. or otherwise, to normally. the its cool, You the that with the Although the this function or performance. or instead of the type or This because of to Telephone telephone should follow to reduce the of fire, shock, and including the following: using telephone There of shock from telephone to the of the Instructions
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR Operation to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C471A WF-2540 FCC United States This with of the FCC and the the Council (ACTA). On the of this that other information, the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. If this to the telephone Applicable Universal Service (USOC) the RJ11C. and to this to the and telephone with the FCC and adopted the ACTA. telephone and with this It to to that instructions The REN to the of that connected to telephone telephone the to incoming areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the products July the REN this Declaration of Conformity
of the that the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. The the REN without REN of products, the REN shown the If this to the the telephone that temporary of service required. isn't the telephone the as as Also, of right to with the FCC necessary. The telephone its operations or procedures that the of the If this the telephone to to service. If with this and technical or please www.epson.com information. This to repaired the customer. If this to telephone please Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: If the causing to the telephone the telephone that the the This service the telephone to service to the service or corporation information. If specially wired connected to the the of this If about what telephone or The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or (The telephone or other which charges or charges.) to this information follow the instructions Information. According to the FCCs advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that FCC
interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of only to the that the of the of the (IES) interface interface tous This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 FCC
Inc. Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the EPSON covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States, or free from workmanship and of year from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. EPSON service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as the United States, or Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If authorizes instead of to to or its authorized service where the repaired and back to You the and to and from the EPSON authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States, or this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the EPSON caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the EPSON its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD Inc. Warranty
IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN EXCESS OF THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the EPSON Authorized www.epson.com. To the EPSON Customer www.epson.com/support. You write to: Inc., P.O. CA Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or Products Corporation. to software rights Corporation, this includes software. to software CD-ROM of software and software to this Copyright Notice
of Copyrighted each to and of the copyright when EPSON While countries copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright EPSON and EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. EPSON service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. Copyright Notice
CPD-37341R1 Printed XXXXXX