WF-R8590
Product the these sections to learn about the of the Product Locations and Other and More these sections to learn about the and and Lights and the Restrictions (Access LCD Sounds the Brightness Turning the Preventing PC USB topic: Product
and Lights The and light The The The The Stop The LCD The back The and lights The The C clear The B&W The
Information Information Information topic: the the LCD Press to or the information or instructions, such as or the (ADF). One or of the or the nearly Press the to the Information and the of the One or of the or the Press the to the Information and the of the Unread or the If the to or this that the or memory memory received already or printed. If the to or the or the to the or Ethernet processed. Ethernet Ethernet established.
Information occurred or the searching established. The of the strength. established. Direct established. AP established. to the functions restricted to authorized users. Press the to to the (You to user and know the information. Access to the restricted to authorized users and currently Press the to topic: and Lights Press the the to the and Function Information the of and that occurred with the Select the from the to the the and to processed. History the history and the history. Select to the history.
and the Function that to topic: and Lights You to the following and them from Administration information the Press the necessary. Select You this: and Select Select
You this: the to and to confirm. Select OK Select and On the locked, the to of the If Characters the LCD topic: the Related Restrictions (Access
Characters the LCD Follow these to characters and other To the or To the of To the character, To or To topic: and the You and as This easily them whenever necessary. If or Press the necessary. Select the necessary.
You this: Select New Select the function which to You the that function, such as the Copy Select the to and
Restrictions (Access You this: the displayed to the and Select or the selecting and selecting from the topic: and the Related Characters the LCD Access to of the Restricted features the to ID and the them the information the Press the necessary. Select
LCD You this: and Administration and Security Select Access Select On whether to allow Without Authentication topic: the Related and the ID and ID and Scanning You the the LCD This If or this Press the necessary. Select
Sounds You this: and Administration Select Common and Select topic: the You the sound heard when the This If or this Press the necessary. Select
the Brightness You this: and Administration Select Common Select Sound Select Press Press to or to increase the sound. Select OK to You the Sound and the sound topic: the You the of the LCD Press the necessary. Select
Turning the You this: and Administration Select Common Select LCD Brightness the selecting or pressing the or right arrow Select OK to topic: the The the LCD to to the of inactivity. This it off. This locked If or this Press the necessary. Select
Preventing PC USB You screen this: and Administration Select Common and Select topic: the You from USB-connected This restricts non-network to the and protects the security of Press the necessary. Select You this:
Product Locations and Administration Select You this: and PC USB Select topic: the these sections to the Product Product Product topic: Product
Product Parts with and If or these to and the (ADF) cover (F) Edge
ADF input (F) ADF (P1, P2) Edge (B2) (C1) Optional to (C2 to C4) Optional
Edge Rear (B1) Edge topic: Product Locations
Product with and If or these to and the
USB head cover (A) topic: Product Locations
Product with and If or these to and the Rear cover (D2) AC Rear cover (D1) Rear cover (E) Service USB
and Other the EXT LAN USB topic: Product Locations and off the LCD of You the shorter and other options to and the the the topic: Product You the to the The the the Common If turn copying selected The If or this Press the necessary. the necessary.
the You this: Select On Select as necessary. Select OK to topic: and Other Related the You the and off the LCD This If or this The this Press the necessary. and Administration the necessary. Select Common Select
the You this: of the following: Press the or to reduce or increase the of Press the of the LCD the of from the on-screen and Select OK topic: and Other Related the You the off specified of This If or this Press the necessary.
and More You this: and Administration the necessary. Select Common Select Select and hours). topic: and Other You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to from anywhere: Print, Remote Print, and Scan to the Remote Scan to topic: Product With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or to and to network the below.
the Remote If already when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and More Related topics or Wired this free Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or the below. to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More Related topics or Wired With Remote software, to anywhere the the below. to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the software.
Scan to the and optional of the to and this Remote Select the and choose the topic: and More Related topics or Wired The Scan to service to that with scanning. the below. instructions account and with to the with the and selected. Select Destination Scan to Click then follow the instructions the to ready to the the Scan to service topic: and More Related topics or Wired wireless from iPhone, and with the of and with the of OS X.
wireless the below. Apple to the wireless that from to the the Apple topic: Product Related topics or Wired With Account, from Apple or to You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or the below. and connected to the the to the that IP the the IP the of Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the
Chromebook Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of Chromebook topic: Product Related topics or Wired With Account, from Chromebook without or the below. connected to wireless the Turn Chromebook and to the wireless as connecting to of the following: Click to the that appears the of Chromebook If to appears the the lower-right of the Click this to the then to and the to If instead, Click Click the that appears to
Click the LCD displays Select OK or the OK to the and to Account and from iPhone, or phone with access. information Print, topic: Related topics or Wired
or Wired these sections to or wired Direct Protected (WPS) or Network You to with using wireless router or The wireless router or connected to wireless or wired Wireless router or
Selecting Wireless Network From the with wireless interface Ethernet wired to the wireless router or Selecting Wireless Network From the topic: or Wired You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the software downloading from the The through or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Press the necessary. Press You this:
Select If to the wireless to Ethernet and instead. Then follow the instructions to wired this Select the of wireless or the manually. To the wireless manually, Other Networks and the Network (SSID) field. the displayed to the field and wireless using the The network and to correctly and lowercase and or characters. Press or to the Press to the of Press to the character. Press to and Press to Press when and Proceed
Direct Confirm the displayed and OK to them. If to the back button. If to of the buttons. Press the to should connected to the If the isn't or appear the LCD selected the or the incorrectly. these to topic: Related Information Related Characters the LCD You to directly with or another without wireless router or
Direct with wireless interface Other wireless selects of these to with or Access If already connected to wireless and the acts as the to operating this displays AP the LCD If already connected to wireless and from other This other features to the operating this displays Direct or the LCD To release the to from or other to the previously Direct topic: or Wired Related Information You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or Press the necessary. Press Select
You this: and Direct Select Select and If already connected or to Direct, they when the Direct least and than characters Press or to the Press to the of
Press to the previous character. Press to and Press to Press when You this: to the SSID and or wireless to the (SSID) displayed the LCD then the shown. Press the to You AP or Direct the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP or Direct the LCD Direct these to try topic: Direct Related Information Related Characters the LCD
Protected (WPS) WPS to to Network If wireless router or to the Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there there WPS the software the WPS to to Network topic: or Wired If wireless router or Protected (WPS) to to the Press the necessary. Press Select You this: Select (WPS) Follow the instructions the LCD to WPS Press the to should connected to the
Network topic: Protected (WPS) You sheet to the of Press the necessary. Select You this: Select Network Select You this: If connected to wireless the displayed.
or Network Accessing the USB to Select Press of the buttons to the the shown the to topic: or Wired these sections to or to Accessing the USB to to Wired Network Connecting to New Router topic: or Wired You and its operating You this built-in from or other that connected to the as information the the the IP that the On or other connected to the as IP the You the options. topic: or Network If already connected to using USB to
to Wired Network Connecting to New Router the USB from Uninstall software. Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network If already connected to wirelessly, to wired necessary. features. of Ethernet to the LAN the other to LAN router or Uninstall software. Download and software from the Follow the instructions to the software. the Select Wired If Select Option the first following the of the on-screen instructions. topic: or Network Related If the wireless router to to the router. If switch to wireless router, the router to and router instructions. of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the
Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstalling Product Software To such as to or forwarding to to the You the the the These If these Press the necessary. Select You this: and Administration the necessary. Select Select Advanced Select Select
You this: of the options shown then the to service to the authentication the Select OK to and to Select to the to the topic: or Network Related Scanning to You to type or to with features, of SSID and and selected the services Press the necessary. Press
You this and Select to topic: or Network
Universal (PCL) or Selecting PDL (PCL) or the software as the To the or to epson.com/support/wfr8590 Selecting PDL Selecting and Interface PS3 You PCL and the the These If these Press the necessary. Select You this: and Administration the necessary. Select Universal Select PDL
PDL You this: Select of the options shown then the to finished, the to PDL topic: Universal (PCL) or Select the PDL options to PCL or PDL option Common the PCL or the type PCL or the PCL or Quality the PCL or
PDL option On/Off reducing from the first of Top First from the of Top of to Selects the of to Margin Edge the Top Edge Ejection On/Off Ejects when 2-Sided On/Off Selects PCL Font Source the Download downloaded. Font to Selects the the Pitch to Selects the pitch the and fixed-pitch and Height to Selects the height the and and Selects the If the selected the selected the and with IBM-US (the
PDL option to the of the selected and the (VMI) the or the based the VMI. CR Function CR Selects the feed when with from operating CR+LF LF Function LF CR+LF Source Assign the with HP 4K the with HP and 5S the with HP 5S PS3 On/Off Prints showing the when or PDF Selects the Protect On/Off to the the memory becomes On/Off when that when the connected to the to the to ASCII. Text Detection On/Off Converts text to when when to PS3
Selecting and Interface PDL option PDF Selects the when PDF If selected, the based the of the first topic: Selecting PDL You and interface the the These If these Press the necessary. Select You this: and Administration the necessary. Select
and Interface You this: Select the and other to finished, the to to the and Interface topic: Universal (PCL) or Select the to option USB I/F Timeout to Specify the of USB seconds from using the PCL or This to USB Select the the USB or interface. PCL PS3 PDF PC USB Select whether to allow USB with the
PS3 topic: Selecting and Interface You PS3 to the information and software Press the necessary. Select You this: Select Select PS3 Press of the buttons to the topic: Universal (PCL) or
Loading Loading the the type of when with the (PS3) software. Loading the Loading and the Rear Loading the Loading Capacity or Software Selecting the Each Source Selecting the Optional and You to this the A3 inches If the optional installed, than the operating and the
the front outward the then the to the with the facedown and the front the the fits beneath the arrow the
the matches the of the the If necessary, the and the indicated the the the the the Select the and type of the LCD follow these the recommended of first, which the facedown. or top first.
Loading and the Rear the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Specifications Loading Capacity Related Loading and the Rear Loading the You or of and the feed the and the
the outward. If of the and the to the You of with of the as shown. this type of of the following: or and first, the of the
To feeding the arrow the first, with the facing and the to the the of the the the too tightly.
the Select the and type of the follow these the recommended of sheets. first, which the or top first. the arrow the If of each or If when that curled, or too thin. the instructions. topic: Loading Related Specifications Loading Capacity Related Loading the
Loading the Loading the You sheet of the front You while from the front that too correctly it within the thickness specifications. the the to the
the with the facedown the partially. the straight to from follow these first, which the facedown. or top first. the instructions. topic: Loading Related Specifications Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading and the Rear
Loading Capacity type Loading capacity A3 inches sheets Bright White sheets A3 inches Rear to the arrow inches A4 inches and inches to the arrow to and inches and
type Loading A3 inches and inches and Brochure Double-sided Thick (cardstock to A3 inches inches and A4 inches You or manually. You only manually the rear feed to You to topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Rear feed sheets
count Bright White inches S041586 Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided S041062 inches S041467 inches S041257 inches S041568 Double-sided S041067 inches S041069 inches S041070 S042180 inches S041468 A3 inches S041260 inches S041263
count inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041156 inches S041143 inches S042109 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041466 inches S041290 A3 inches S041288 inches S041289 S042038 S041271
or Software count S042181 S042174 inches S041982 S041331 topic: Loading this Select this or Bright White Bright White Recycled Preprinted Preprinted Envelope inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 inches S041327
Selecting the Each Source this Select this or Brochure Double-sided to Card The when from they apply to topic: Loading You the and type each using the the Press the necessary. Select You this: Select Select the to
You this: Select Select the loaded. Select the type loaded. Select OK another to or to to topic: Loading Select that matches the loaded. type Bright White Recycled Preprinted
Selecting Selecting the type loaded Envelope Brochure Double-sided to Card topic: Selecting the Source that apply to to the These If these Selecting the the topic: Loading You using the the These locked If these Press the necessary.
Select You this: and Administration the necessary. You this: Select Select the Source options to Select of these options: Turn this to warning and when or to only what the when memory Turn off this to and finished, the to Source
Source the Universal topic: Selecting Select the options to Source option Rear Normal Select Normal to to the Priority On Select On to switch the selected to match the Switching or A4) the selected. Select Copy Select On of these to from containing that matches Other Notice Notice Select On of these to when the selected type or Notice match the topic: Selecting the You the the the These If these Press the necessary.
You this and Administration the necessary. You this Select Universal the as necessary. finished, the to Universal topic: Selecting Select the options to
the Optional and Universal option Top the top or Top the top or of the back when On Select On to the This the of the when the incorrect, reduce the the to when On Select On to of automatically. PDL Common Selects the with PCL and PCL PS3 topic: the Universal Follow these instructions to the optional and to If the optional the the of the optional first. the Optional the Optional Units topic: Loading
the Optional You the optional to and Turn off the and the and connected Warning: To shock, the cord. the from its and protective the items shown
the and the front casters. and the to the with the included screws. the securely attached or the
the and from the If the optional the from the optional instead.
and it the with the corners the to the with the included screws.
Warning: To the or people as shown from other the to or to when the
the optional to the as shown
the back of the or to the the included and screws. the and the the and other then the
the Optional Units topic: the Optional and You to three optional to capacity. If using the optional the the of the first. Turn off the and the and connected Warning: To shock, the cord. Uninstall optional already the To optional turn off the the cord, and follow the of these instructions the from its and protective the items shown
the and from the the from the optional
optional top of each other and them to each other with the included screws.
and the with the corners the to the with the included screws screw
Warning: To the people as shown from other the to or to when the the back of the to each other and to the the included and screws.
the indicating the to the the the to the
the Optional the and other then the Turn the and the the optional to the the the optional the software. the Optional the Optional OS topic: the Optional and Related Universal the Optional Software the Optional Software OS You to the optional them with the software. If using the Universal or (PS3) software, the sections covering that software this to the optional of the following: Right-click and and Sound Devices and Right-click and to the Apps and and Sound and Right-click and Click and Devices and Right-click and Click and Click and Sound then right-click and XP: Click and and Right-click and Click the Optional
the Optional OS You this: from selected, then The optional the Information section. Click OK The optional topic: the Optional Units Related Universal the Optional Software You to the optional them with the software.
If using the (PS3) software, the section covering that software to the optional the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or You this: Select the of optional the Click OK The optional topic: the Optional Units Related the Optional Software OS
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the the You originals to this the A3 inches the cover. facedown the with the top facing the corner. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other. the cover to topic: the Product
the Related topics Copying Scanning You the (ADF).You the ADF to both of the originals the specifications them. originals creased or and or other that the the ADF outward.
of originals and them gently to the the originals the ADF and top-edge first. The ADF the lights
the ADF the too tightly. topic: the Product Related references OS Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying or the information to or exactly the as Copying or You or and of including or photo the or the ADF. the to Press the button, necessary. Select Copy You this: To than the or and the to the of of the as necessary.
Copying Select to and necessary. Then the back Select to the LCD Select Preset to If can't or this ready to of the buttons. To the Stop or topic: Copying Related Copying Related Related topics Loading the Product the copying options to Not options or other copying
Copying option With around the or Copy Also, and the and as necessary. ID Card both of ID of of facing of of the of Source Select the that to If the selected the Custom Automatically the the Automatically the to the selected and from to another other 2-Sided to 1>2-Sided or 2>1-Sided Advanced and the 2>2-Sided originals or 1>2-Sided 2>1-Sided the of originals Quality Text the type of originals and the of Text Text
Copying option Varying the or of Select On to the that appear the of when copying or that appear around On when copying thick Punch Select On to the On Copy On to of both and On On Select On to originals of their Select to the or appear the front of the when the Advanced advanced such as and Sharpness topic:
from with the Software Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with the Software with OS with the Universal with the (PS3) Software with the (PS3) Software OS Product You with the software as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting Selecting or ID and Selecting topic: from Select the the or to
or Select the You to the option the or another command. If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of the Source where the to Select the of the as the
Select the of If Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or the To and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the 2-Sided and the options To of or sheets of of the the and the options To and their the options. To To as that and with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White On the Source Quality topic: with the Software Related or Software Related Selecting Double-sided or ID and
Source Quality You of the options the Source to the that through the optional Select Automatically selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the as the Selects the as the Selects the as the Rear Selects the the as the Selects the the front as the topic: Selecting You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. text and text and graphics with and High and graphics with high
Selecting More that choose of and topic: Selecting You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and options. Prints sheets of to Click the to and topic: Selecting You both of the selecting of the 2-Sided options the options or other chosen or the Select of the following options 2-Sided (Long-edge to the the (Short-edge to the the (Long-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (recommended that
(Short-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (recommended that Click the You this
Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the You this Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions the topic: with the Software Related Selecting
Double-sided You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge that the Margin Select options that to allow Selects whether the front or back Select the and option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to the of the of Increase Drying the amount of of the the other to topic: Selecting
Selecting Additional and You of and options or photo the More To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or as the and the of as the If to the the option. Select the to option to reduce or or Select the the Select of the following Correction Select to the sharpness, brightness, and
Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or turn off software. Select to You To the following features, the that appears when copied. to Click the to and the to the information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the and location of the header or footer. To to the then the memory without printed. To the the the the cleared from the memory Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with the Software Related or
Custom Correction You of the options the Correction to the Brightness and and tones. the selected the using the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects.
and Additional ICM off software software. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Text the of text to increase readability. Thin the of to increase Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or Text Black Prints text Text Prints text background or and Prints graphics and with Text, Graphs, and Prints graphics, and with Universal graphics, and Additional Prints the rotated from its orientation.
High reduce the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the options to headers or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the These with You to the following information: The and from the topic: Selecting Additional and
Selecting Preset to of the or More You clicking the Click the or More You the the
Selecting of the to its of Click to its or of the options the to To choose Click OK topic: with the Software You that apply to the to the and right-click the the Select Click the You the
Click the You this Select of the to Click OK to the Click OK to the software topic: with the Software You from these the EPSON and and other the of the the incorrect; reduce
or Thick and from smearing when or other thick Short Prevents from smearing when or other thick and the Thick each containing the title, and RAW Datatype Increases and other Increases when or the head as Increases when or the head and other that that or the of to screening Prints graphics with screening Allow Applications to ICM Allows to ICM the Source Prints the the rather than the facedown 2-Sided facedown instead of topic: Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to
You such as this Click OK or to topic: with the Software to unauthorized of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click and Click and and Right-click and Click and Click and Sound then right-click and
XP: Click and and Right-click and Click the Optional You to the Optional the or the Security Click You this Select the the to To Advanced the option to each Click OK topic: with the Software
Select the options to items the to the or or the and other the the text the or or text or image-based headers or footers On Allows headers and footers the text and headers and footers Allows Allows or of only of the On Allows both of the Allows of of Allows of of topic: the and other
ID and If Access the ID and the to to If the ID or Access the right-click the the and Click the Click the and Option Information the Access Click the user and
Selecting Click OK topic: with the Software the apply only while that If to the the and right-click the the Select You the the to as Click OK
the of the Software These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with the Software You the the software Access the and right-click the the You the Click the You the Select the to as the
Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this Access the and right-click the the Select Software You this of the following: To often the software the every To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with the Software
with OS Selecting OS Related Checking Software Updates You with using OS as these If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: from Select the basic the or to photo or the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the expanded The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
the and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the from the
You these the Source to from. Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Software Related Selecting OS
Source OS Quality OS or OS You of the options the Source to the that Select Automatically selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the as the Selects the as the Selects the as the Rear Selects the the rear as the topic: Selecting OS You of the Quality options to the of the type chosen. Normal text and Normal text and with and text and graphics with and Quality text and graphics with increased and Quality the the
OS Selecting OS topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. Prints text and graphics or of the horizontally. topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the Select the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS
Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS You of options or selecting from the the To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To or the the or topic: with OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the
options pre-selected or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided options. Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS
Double-sided and OS OS You of the options the Two-sided or to Two-sided to bound the of the Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided OS You the and to the or off software. Select Matching from the the Select of the
Matching and OS Select from the the The the the option selected the Select of the and OS topic: with OS You from these the and EPSON using software or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the using the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. off software only software. ICC turned off. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and or
Preferences OS You this: Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the or Thick and from smearing when or other thick that that text or temporary to when expended.
or OS Checking OS High reduce Warning Notifications choose whether or to warning from the software operating bidirectional Allows the to with the the when topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS the of and
with the Click the when appears the You the the following options as necessary of OS X: To the and or To the and or To the and or To or To other information, or topic: or OS You with the as these the Universal Selecting Universal Selecting Additional and Selecting Selecting Universal Universal
the Network Universal topic: from The Universal such as PCL and ESC/P-R, and turned and to the as the software. supported. Download the EPSON Universal from epson.com/support/wfr8590 Double-click the Follow the on-screen instructions this Select Network and OK
Select the of to PCL6 checkbox to the to PCL6. this option to the to ESC/P- R. (You this as the software finishes searching products, this: of the following: If EPSON Universal selected and with the
If than found and to You and search clicking the Select to and existing necessary. this option to automatically. the to from the the as the to as Click OK then the
If than the products from the and to The selected products appear the section of the Select the to the to necessary. Click OK topic: with the
Universal You to the with the the the information or from the You the optional the such as optional of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click EPSON Universal and Click and Devices and Right-click EPSON Universal and Click and Click and Sound then right-click EPSON Universal and XP: Click and and Right-click EPSON Universal and Click the Optional
You this from selected and Select the Optional Information to optional such as optional The and other information appears the Information Click OK topic: with the Universal Related the Optional Software
Selecting Select the the or photo to or Select the You to the option the or another command. If necessary, EPSON Universal as the to You to or Preferences to You the of information about right-click and
the Source where the to Select the of the as the You the to Select the of If Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the To both of the of the To of or sheets of of the the and the options To and their the To To as that and combined with other topic: with the Universal Related or Software Source Quality
Selecting Additional and Universal You of and options or the More information about right-click and To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or photo as the and the of as the If to the the option. the to option to reduce or or Select the the
Select of the following Correction Select to the sharpness, brightness, and Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or turn off software. Select to To the following features, the to Click the to and the to the information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the text and location of the header or footer. To to the then the memory without printed. To the the the the cleared from the memory of the Additional options to topic: with the Universal Related Custom Correction and Additional
Selecting Universal You and other optional the information about right-click and to Head Cleaning the head. Network search search and to the as that and combined with other of displays the You or
Universal and Option Information displays information the and optional installed. the of the software Universal topic: with the Universal Related Head Head Cleaning You from these the the Graphics the which to PDL commands to the Font to to the of
Selecting that that text or RAW Datatype Increases and other as Increases when or the head and other Prints graphics with the Source Prints the the rather than the the specified the Prints the Increases when or the head Prints and using the this to the to instead. (This there enough memory the to facedown facedown instead of topic: Selecting the apply while that If to the of the following: Right-click and and Sound Devices and Right-click EPSON and Preferences to the Apps and Hardware and Sound Devices and Right-click EPSON and Preferences
Click and and Right-click EPSON Universal and Preferences Click and Click and Sound right-click EPSON Universal and Preferences XP: Click and and Right-click EPSON Universal and Preferences You the information about right-click and the to as Click OK These the selected You them as
Universal topic: with the Universal to unauthorized The following locked: of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click EPSON and Click and Devices and Right-click EPSON and Click and Click and Sound then right-click EPSON Universal and XP: Click and and Right-click EPSON and Click the Optional Click
Universal You this Select the the to lock. To Advanced the option to each Click OK Universal topic: with the Select the options to
Network Universal text the text the or or text or image-based headers or footers On Allows and footers the text and headers and footers Allows Allows or of Allows of the On Allows both of the Allows of of Allows of of topic: Universal You the Universal to and of the following: to the Apps and and Sound and Right-click EPSON Universal and Click and Devices and Right-click EPSON Universal and Click and Click and Sound then right-click EPSON and the and other
XP: Click and and Right-click EPSON Universal and Click the Optional You this Click Network search the search found
You this: Select the or to Click to The selected or appear the section of the Select the to the to necessary. Click OK topic: with the
with the (PS3) Software the (PS3) Software the Optional Software You with the (PS3) software as these the (PS3) Software the Optional Software Selecting Software Selecting Additional and Software Selecting Software topic: from If the software, to the (PS3) software the and to turned and connected to the as the software. Download the and PS3 from epson.com/support/wfr8590 Double-click the Click OK Click Click Click Next and follow the on-screen instructions. topic: with the (PS3) Software If optional to the optional them with the PS3 software. of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click and
Click and and Right-click and Click and Click and Sound then right-click and XP: Click and and Right-click and Click the You this: Select the of optional as the Unit Click OK
Selecting Software The optional topic: with the (PS3) Software Related the Optional Universal Select the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. If necessary, as the to and then the Preferences button.
You the of Select the of To both of the of the Both To the of the of the To of the To of or the option. Click the Paper/Quality
You this Select the Source that matches where the to Select as the of the following as the To or photo, the To text and graphics only, the Black White topic: with the (PS3) Software Related Source
Selecting Additional and Software You of and options or photo clicking the Advanced Select the of the as the the Quality option that matches the to the Scaling to reduce or or To the the ICM option to of the ICM options and the ICM to the Sheet to the of of when the the the Edge to the of
Selecting Software the heading to the software features. Select of the options to topic: with the (PS3) Software the apply while that If to the of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click and Preferences Click and Devices and Right-click and Preferences Click and Click and Sound right-click and Preferences XP: Click and and Right-click and Preferences
with the (PS3) Software OS You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as topic: with the (PS3) Software You with the (PS3) software using OS as these the (PS3) Software OS the Optional Software OS Selecting Software OS Selecting Software OS
the (PS3) Software OS the Optional Software OS Selecting Software OS Printed Software OS Software OS or Software OS topic: from If the software, to the (PS3) software the and to turned and connected to the as the software. Download the and PS3 from epson.com/support/wfr8590 Double-click the downloaded Double-click EPSON Click the Click Click If necessary, the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. topic: with the (PS3) Software OS If optional to the optional them with the PS3 software. the Apple or the Preferences Scan or and Select or
Selecting Software OS You this: Select the of optional as the Unit Click OK The optional topic: with the (PS3) Software OS Related the Optional OS Select the basic the or photo to photo or Select the command You to the option the or another command.
Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the
The the of OS and the Select the Two-Sided and as necessary. If these the them Select the options: and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the from the You these
Select From or From and the to from. Select from the You these Select as the The software these and A4 inches inches
inches Select of the following Quality fast with reduced text and graphics with and the with reduced Select from the You these Select option: To or photo, the To and graphics only, the Select of the options. topic: with the (PS3) Software OS Related Selecting Software OS Selecting Software OS
Selecting Software OS or Software OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the You to Select the of or as shown the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with the (PS3) Software OS Related Selecting Software OS
Selecting Software OS You of options or photo selecting from the the To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To both of the of the Two-Sided To invert or the the or topic: with the (PS3) Software OS
Printed Software OS Software OS You the of the as selecting from the the To only selected option from the to To the which printed, option from the To the to the to and from the Destination topic: with the (PS3) Software OS You the to the from the the
or Software OS Checking Software OS of the following: To and to match ColorSync Select of the Profile options to the active To the topic: with the (PS3) Software OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking Software OS topic: with the (PS3) Software OS the of and Click the when appears the
Product You the Select the following options as of OS X: To the and or To the and or To the and or To or To other information, or topic: or Software OS If to the Stop topic: from
Scanning Scan Starting Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning ID and Scanning or scanning, of these Starting Scan the Product Starting Scan with or Starting Scan the Scan Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You to memory or to the software and connected the to or the software to from the the firewall or security software. the scanning. To the ADF and the 2-Sided
Press the necessary. Select Scan You this: Select of the following Scan to options: through Network to specified Memory memory or USB and the and other to that with allows to or You this option to to or when connected to USB (WSD) or (English only). To this first WSD Services Devices) the Select Preset to If or this
Scanning to of the following, as necessary: the location, or as necessary. Select Contacts to choose or Select Format to choose the to options. Scanning to Scanning to Network or FTP Scanning Creating Scanning and Scan topic: Scan Related Scan to Characters the LCD Related topics the Product You and the You to to You the directly the or from the the and correctly the You the Scan to function to and the the scanning. To the ADF and the 2-Sided Press the button, necessary. Select Scan
You this: Select You this: of the following: Select and choose then to the the to the the and Select Format to choose the Select and the and necessary, then the back to to the
Scanning to Network or FTP Select Preset to If or this Press of the buttons. and the topic: Scan the Product Related Characters the LCD Selecting the and Related topics the Product You and to You the directly the or from the the and correctly this the scanning. To the ADF and the Press the necessary. Select Scan
You this: Select Network You this: of the following: Select and choose location. Select then the Communication Location and other the the Location of the following the Communication selected: SMB FTP ftp://host Select Format to choose the
Scanning Select and the necessary, then the back to to the Select Preset to If or this Press of the buttons. and the selected location. topic: Scan the Product Related references Scanning Related Characters the LCD Selecting the and Creating Scanning Related topics the Product Select the options to scanning. options or the Scan to option selected. Scan to options
Scan to options Location Communication Network (SMB) or FTP Format JPEG Select Select Scan Select the 2-Sided originals the ADF. If On the On Direction Location which to the selected the selected the PDF Select TIFF Select that from TIFF TIFF and white. Select Select highest A4 Select with Select
Creating Scanning Scan to options Text the type of to the or of the of PDF Ratio High Select High or PDF the Attached the that attached to the LCD to the topic: Starting Scan the Product You of to or locations to or FTP. If or You to and combined (including Press the necessary. Select the necessary. Select Text Permissions or editing the
You this: You of and necessary. Entry You this: of the following: To to Scan to To location to or FTP, Scan to Network Select the to the Select the field, the displayed to the to characters), and
and Scan Select the Word field, the displayed to to when searching to characters), and (This field optional.) of the following: the field, the to the and or FTP location, the and Network (SMB) or FTP Then the field, the to the location, and other information necessary. Select If to or the the as topic: Scan the Product Related Characters the LCD Editing or Related topics the Product You or when using the option the You this the the or (OS X) or connected to the Click the from the the top of the You showing the If to or the the as necessary, and OK You the when with or the information or
Starting Scan with or If to assign to the selection the of the following: Click OS Click the the of the then Select the that to assign to of the You the when from the Click OK then OK topic: Starting Scan the Product with or (OS X), the the specify. You preview, and the as necessary. of the following to or to the Apps and
(other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then OS the Applications the Software and Select and OK necessary. You this: Click the Scan
You this: With OS X, and Scan software, which features within To Scan, U.S. or If to that created instead, from the the or the and the of these Select displayed to the information or If to of the following: Click Select displayed to and OK
Starting Scan the Scan OS If Scan, the Scan the Scan the top of the and the EPSON Scan Click the Scan Select displayed to and OK Click Scan You of the or the and them as necessary. Click of the Destination to choose where to You to the arrow to the to of them. The the software Select as necessary, then OK or to the topic: Starting Scan Related topics the Product You the Scan to and the to to the Apps and EPSON Scan EPSON or EPSON Software (other Click or and or Select EPSON or EPSON Software and EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR
software. To Scan, U.S. or You Scan this: topic: Scan
Starting Scan from Scanning Related Scanning with OS ID and Scanning Related topics the Product You Scan from to and the the With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly.
You Scan this: Scan when first topic: Starting Scan
Selecting Scan Scan Related ID and Scanning Related topics the Product Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan
Selecting the Scan Scanning Office Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan topic: Selecting Scan Office Scan PDF operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the
You this Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, If using the ADF, from the
the and that match To both of Stitch To the Stitch as the Source To allow Scan to and Correct To Select the that matches Select the to Click the Scan previews and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose as the Source Click the and of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Office Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related
Source Office Selecting Scan Office Scan Related Scanning Professional Selecting Scan You these Source options Scan Office Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Double-sided Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. Automatically where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Office You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to click the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the To of the icons. Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Office You these options Scan Office Not other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the checkbox. Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the
Scanning Professional that that text or Edge Corrects around the of the the with the select. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan PDF operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the
You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF Double-sided If using the ADF, from the Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose as the Source Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to You chose ADF-Double-sided as the Source Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Professional
Source Professional Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Scanning Office Selecting Scan You these Source options Scan Professional Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Double-sided Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art.
Selecting Scan Professional topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the
of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Professional To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the To the of the If the the only the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the
Click the to Click the or (OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Backlight Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. the red, or the Edge Corrects around the of the the with the select. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only.) Click the histogram to the Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced users only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the
Selecting Scan Professional the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced only.) Click the to the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as photo inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
To that the the option. You this the the and OK Then the the The
Scan To the or (OS X) to the and options as or the or off. Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of the and selected displays as with the and selected. Normal displays their the and other manually. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the Scan's to increase the
You the its image-editing Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Scan's based the screen/post the to Print/convert to text (OCR): topic: Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan of the following to the which to Click the of the displayed
Click the Other the or Choose and If to the and the options Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK If selected PDF or as the this Scan Choose of the following options: If scanning only If to the scanning, Scan and the finished,
Scanned and Optional If to or the or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from of and optional the Scan. JPEG that However, the higher the the the quality. (The TIFF recommended when to or TIFF when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the
Scanning with OS this Select to the appear Scan Select to or OS to the where scanning. If the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS X, with using image-editing such as With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED the necessary. (You to the DEVICES or SHARED and If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary.
Scan OS If the ADF, the scanned, the Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You these OS X, Correction graphical interface brightness, tint, and Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Backlight Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. and reduce speed. topic: Scanning with OS
Scanning Scanning to SharePoint or Service software offers options to Scanning to SharePoint or Service Scanning as topic: Scanning You to to SharePoint or service. of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then OS the Applications the Software and Select and OK necessary. You this:
Click the Scan Select displayed to the information or Click Scan You of the or Click of the service Destination to choose where to only) Microsoft SharePoint only) You to the arrow to the to of them. The the software Select Destination The the software the information or other as necessary, and originals and to the indicated You to SharePoint or service. You the when with or or when the option the topic: Scanning
Scanning as You only) to originals as You where the to or the of The the software the information with or where to of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then You this Click the Scan
ID and Scanning Select displayed to the information Click Scan You of the the and Batch Click Select Apply Separation and Separation Select the to the and OK Select other from the as and OK Select other from the Batch as and OK originals as specified. You originals as You the when with or when the option the topic: Scanning If Access the ID and to You the ID and Scan If know the ID or of the following to Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan Click the Access and
Click OK topic: Scanning
Connecting Telephone or these sections to using This allows to telephone numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and using the Universal or (PS3) software with the the buttons or the included with the software. To the software, to epson.com/support/wfr8590 Connecting Telephone or and Checking Reports You to telephone to or If to the to telephone or to If telephone to to
to and to the LINE If DSL or ISDN the DSL or ISDN or router to the to to the or DSL or ISDN the
DSL Telephone DSL DSL
ISDN ISDN or ISDN router
If connecting telephone or to phone the from the EXT
to telephone or and to the EXT If and to the of to that higher than the of phone or to the EXT to incoming when the with or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: Related Automatically
Selecting Country or with header and the features to If of to the and Selecting Advanced the the OS topic: these sections to the basic to the features. Selecting Country or Selecting the and the Selecting the the of to topic: faxing, the country or which using If the country or to their and them This If or this Press the necessary.
and Administration the necessary. Select Common and Country/Region or necessary, and country or You If the correct, (If and retry.) the country or the to the topic:
Selecting the and faxing, the and daylight phase and choose and This If or this Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary.
Select Common Select You this: Select Daylight Select the that to winter or Daylight (DST) or and Daylight (DST) If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock from to its clock back hour.
the Select the to the to the the to the to the topic: You the the This when the turned the first You these individually from the These If or these Press the necessary. Select
and Administration the necessary. and and The appears. Select On the the to the such as or business You to characters. On the the displayed to to characters. The and phone the header the of the On the Distinctive of the following: If to distinctive service from telephone Proceed the to or On to If distinctive service, and to the Distinctive services allows to Each assigned You and another Select the assigned to the DRD If On or other than to
Selecting the On the of the following: If connected telephone or to the and to the If telephone or and to to otherwise On the to or to manually. If and to automatically, the to correct. If to manually, to and the or phone to On the Confirm the displayed and Proceed or back to the On the and follow the instructions to the and of the If there reported, the the and the If the Select appears, the type. If the Select Tone Detection appears, the tone function the first of and the to the topic: Related Characters the LCD Screen If the to PBX or the type. PBX Branch office where such as to The PSTN Switched Telephone which phone This If can't or this
Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. and Select Select Select PBX
the of to You this: Select Select Access the displayed to the such as and OK topic: If and to automatically, the to correct. The of should higher than the of to This If or this Press the necessary.
Select and Administration the necessary. and Select
Selecting Advanced to Select the of and OK to higher than the of to every than the the tones and receiving If the phone and hear that the the then the topic: You of advanced These If or these Press the necessary.
Select and Administration the necessary. and You this:
Select the of to Security topic: the to faxing. the and of outgoing Automatically the of outgoing Select this option when black-and- white text from the the A5 A4 A3
ADF 2-Sided Select On to from the ADF. The Direct option and On when this Direct Select On to black-and-white to as as the without On the to memory. You this when or to Continuous Scan from Select On to the to to ADF another the ADF On finished scanning. when to Not topic: Selecting Advanced the options to outgoing A4 or that first the ADF as On Batch Sorts outgoing the memory, and then them as batch. On that to the memory. You the from the On topic: Selecting Advanced the options to
whether incoming should printed; telephone connected to the Automatically and Distinctive If Distinctive Service assign or phone to the and to each. If this service, the of the of that this service. to to the of If to and connected to the this higher than the of to phone instead of operating the the On to On If with its connected to the the the using the topic: Selecting Advanced Related Selecting the and Starting Scan the Product Related topics and the options to incoming
If to the memory. or them to the memory from other options they temporarily the memory. Other memory and forwarding to incoming the memory. You the the LCD and to To this option, the FAX Utility. Select and to to and automatically. to Memory incoming to connected memory or USB Select and to to the memory and automatically. incoming to as as Select and to and automatically. forwarded. Reduction On Select to reduce the of to the the selected Select to incoming their sheets, necessary. Rotation On If On to landscape-oriented that they correctly the On Select On to incoming that the the the memory, this option
Select On to to of or reports and received On the memory. there enough to Stop free memory using this function.) Selects whether or when to incoming Not to include of the Prints reports with of the first when Direct the On(Every Prints the or received. On(Time) Prints the the the LCD Format Selects the amount of information topic: Selecting Advanced the options to and outgoing Fast(33,600bps) the which and Medium(14,400bps) Slow(9,600bps)
Security ECM On Correction (ECM) to or off Correction (ECM); or received. Tone Detection On Automatically the when the off tone which necessary the connected to PBX Branch or TA However, turning this off the to the first of PSTN Selects phone Switched Telephone Network). PBX Selects Branch the type of phone office where such as to Select to the header information and phone inclusion outgoing topic: Selecting Advanced the security options to Direct numbers. Restrictions On only to the or history. to to
the Confirm Selects whether or to On Select to incoming Clear Automatically or from memory. On Clear or received memory; this function or of topic: Selecting Advanced You header and using the FAX of the following: to the Apps (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX
You this Select (Select prompted.)
the OS You this Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX option. topic: You header and the FAX OS X. the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Double-click FAX necessary.
and the Product You this Select FAX the Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX topic: You of and their them faxing. You to to the Product Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS topic: You and the
Creating If or Creating Editing or Creating Editing or topic: and Related Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS You of to numbers. You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select You this: Select the necessary.
You this: Select You this: You of and necessary. Select Entry Select the to the
Editing or You this: Select the field, the to the to characters), and Select the Index Word field, the to to when searching to characters), and (This field optional.) Select the field, and the the LCD or the buttons the to the You to characters. If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the pound instead of the the necessary. Select topic: the Product You or of the Press the necessary. Select
Creating You this: the necessary. Select the to or You this: of the following: To the and the To the the item to the information, and finished editing, topic: the Product You of that easily to
You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select You this: Select the necessary. Select You this: You of and necessary. Select the to the
Editing or You this: the field, the to the to characters) and Select the Word field, the displayed to to when searching to characters) and (This field optional.) Select Proceed You Select the to each to include group. appears to each selected Select topic: the Product You existing to or You the group. Press the necessary. Select
You this: Select the necessary. You this, showing both and Select the to
Speed/Group the You this: If to the group, To the group, Select Proceed You of the group. To or the to Select topic: the Product You and the FAX The from the and back memory. You to and combined. of the following: to the Apps (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX
You this Select (Select prompted.)
You this Select Dial/Group
You this Select and the To entry, and the To and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the as to or finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics the Product
Speed/Group the OS You and the FAX Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and and Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Dial/Group
You this To entry, entry. To entry, and the information. To and the of the following: To and and OK To numbers, and OK the previous as to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics the Product
from the Product the or History these sections to from the Product the the OS topic: these sections to the the or History from Connected Telephone topic: You from the or selecting the from the or history. You black-and-white to to or to If black-and-white. The to black-and-white You or the the the faxing. Press the necessary.
Select To the ADF and the ADF Sided (You of the following to Manually Press the field and Press when To another the You the the to If restricted, the from the or history. If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the pound instead of the Select from the Select to the Select the to or the to You the Search to search or Select Proceed when finished. Select from the history Select History to the history. Select from the and to this To the field, the to and from the If to and
If to black-and-white the LCD, (If the incorrect, Retry the or the and this If the seconds, the automatically. You when the Direct turned If to and entry. Press of the buttons. To faxing, the Stop You the or the from the and to necessary. the and the to its memory. If the option that to to the memory and them from the topic: from the Product Related Related Selecting the Related topics the Product and While and these options from the You these options the
the and of outgoing the of outgoing Select this option when black-and-white text from the the A5 A4 A3 ADF Select On to from the ADF. The Direct option and when On this Direct Select On to black-and-white to as as the without On the to memory. You this when or to Priority Select On to the other to On Continuous Scan from Select On to the to to ADF another the ADF On finished scanning.
when to Not topic: from the Product You of choice. the and correct. You white when this option. the faxing. Press the necessary. Select To the ADF and the ADF Sided or from the or History. Select Select On
the displayed the LCD to and OK Press of the buttons. To faxing, the Stop the and the the specified If the turned off the specified the when topic: from the Product Related Related Selecting the and Related topics the Product and You to black-and-white and when another Other users the and using the function their the faxing. Press the necessary.
Select Select Select Polling and On If to and Press the B&W and overwrite or You overwrite the existing You from the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product You black-and-white to and whenever necessary. the faxing. Press the necessary.
Select Select Select and On If to and Press the B&W scanned, and ready to the the button. You this: Select Select Communication Select the to
from Connected Telephone Select and You overwrite the existing You from the topic: from the Product Related references Related topics the Product If connected to the EXT the from the connected telephone. If the and the to the the the faxing. Press the necessary. the from the connected telephone. to the necessary. If using the and to the the Select the LCD Select with the the hear of the buttons to the If and-white. the topic: from the Product
the Related Related topics the Product You from You to including cover the to and the command. You this: Select with the FAX option as the
To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to Click or OK If the first this information that the of the Then OK to the information.
the OS You this: the and or from the then Next instructions the FAX Utility, Select cover and and then Next Click to topic: You from OS the FAX Utility. You to including cover the to
Select the You to the option the or another command. Select FAX option as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the Select the of as the the to Select from the
You this of the following to choose Select or from the and and the Click the and from Select from the
Reception You this Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Automatically Manually the LCD Screen topic: and when the to
Automatically Manually If connected telephone to the phone and to manually. This allows to tone the telephone and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to topic: To automatically, to (the the To the necessary, Administration If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or topic: Related Related Manually You to manually the to This tone the connected telephone To the Administration and the connected the If hear the LCD Select Press of the to the
the telephone. topic: Related Related You to another or the PDF and them to shared the or to from the memory. this the and correctly, the forwarding the and the to another Press the necessary. Select
and Administration the necessary. and Select Select Select Select Select On If to the forwarding and Select the forwarding from the Select to the features. You to forwarding finished selecting forwarding Proceed Confirm the forwarding and Select Select the option to when to the or them the
Polling If forwarding to the selecting to If forwarding to shared the or forwarding correctly to the using the to or to option. If forwarding to the FAX to whenever received. topic: You to from another (such as information service). You to from information service that Press the necessary. Select You this: Select Select and On the to the from. Press of the buttons to the topic:
the LCD Checking You received memory and them the LCD To this first to from the The If the Press the necessary. the the LCD It there or the memory. Select Select the necessary. Select the to You the displayed the Select Select of the options and follow the on-screen instructions. or them to the memory from the memory or topic: You the to the of or that or Press the button.
Reports You this: of the following: To the of Communication and the to To the history of that or received, History or and the to To that the memory, and Inbox topic: You from reports to whenever necessary. You the turning Press the necessary. Select
You this: Select and the to topic: Select the or to of the or the that or through of the currently the memory. Trace the previous or topic: Reports
USB With Product USB USB Specifications Follow the instructions to with USB USB Disconnecting USB and From the LCD USB USB the USB the front of the the of the the with the USB Specifications topic: USB With Product Related Disconnecting USB You USB with containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to to 2GB of JPEG: to topic: USB TIFF RGB or CCITT-encoded) TIFF: to PDF: to
Disconnecting USB and From the LCD Screen JPEG with USB follow these to If connected to USB of the following: the This PC or Then right-click the of USB as and OS the USB from the the USB completing the or from the the USB of the USB the front of the topic: USB With Product these sections to and or other displayed LCD JPEG TIFF and PDF topic: USB With Product You JPEG as them the LCD Press the necessary. Select Memory Select JPEG
You this: If than JPEG the and first the to of the following to To the thumbnail of the to then the the or or the LCD to the of to Press the or right arrow buttons to through and or the back to to the and another photo. To Select Select To only the its thumbnail and the and the back To the and the finished, the back ready to of the buttons. To the topic: and From the LCD Related
TIFF and PDF You and TIFF or PDF from USB Press the necessary. Select Memory Select TIFF or PDF You of the Select the to You information about the Select Proceed the following as necessary: To than the the or or the LCD to the of to To the and the finished, the back Select Proceed ready to of the buttons. To the topic: and From the LCD Related Select the options to when and the LCD
options On Automatically the brightness, and of the based the Advanced Detection that selected off below P.I.M. PRINT or Red-Eye This Automatically the On This On sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to turn off to the effects. topic: and From the LCD Select the to when from USB options or the options Source Indicates the that the and type and type to Quality the highest Prints the the the photo the
USB From options On Automatically the to the selected photo off Bidirectional On Prints to 2-Sided On Select On to PDF double-sided. You the Margin and necessary. Top Select the TIFF or PDF Top topic: and From the LCD You to and from USB the USB the front of From from USB to topic: USB With Product from to USB the USB the front of to the this or from the These If these Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary.
from USB to Select Select Memory Interface You this: Memory to Select Select the connected to the USB or topic: USB Related Disconnecting USB You to and from USB the USB the front of and connected to to and from USB while from the connected to USB the USB the front of of the following to USB from the This PC or then the OS with USB the then
OS with the or from the the SHARED section of the to the to the and the USBSTORAGE Select the that the to to the or USB LCD to information about USB to or from and the USB to the information. topic: USB Related USB
Units Packs) and and The that flushed from the head cleaning. or the the of its service life, to Please of and boxes and with If would to and to please to information. and Purchase and and with Black and Conserving Black with the and its software know when or expended, or when the to replaced. the or (PS3) software with the and using the or the included with the software. To the software, to epson.com/support/wfr8590 Checking the LCD Checking and With and with OS topic: Units Packs) and
Checking the LCD Checking and With of the the LCD and the light flashes. expended, the and the light You the the of the and Press the Select Information You this: The and the of the The displayed and information, the the of the topic: and Related Removing and the appears to when and or To the the the and
You this or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To offers, right-click the the and Preferences You this
Checking and with OS the topic: and Related Removing and the You the of and the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select EPSON You this
Purchase and Unit the following as necessary: You the and clicking or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: and Related and the You purchase boxes, and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON This Epson-brand Other of and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Unit topic: Units Packs) and these when or purchase T671200 High-capacity High-capacity Black R22X R24X
and High-capacity High-capacity R22X R24X R22X R24X R22X R24X topic: Purchase and You immediately the ones. If or expended, appears and which to replaced. the The this section the the the the the other of the
Press the the replacing. The the and it from the Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of
Unpack the protective and the the the as shown. or or
the the the of the fits the as shown. the the as shown. Press the clicks
with Black and with Select the LCD to the correctly. finished, the topic: Units Packs) and Related Purchase and expended, temporarily from the as as You with with with OS topic: Units Packs) and If that temporarily with supply and to or To this
with OS Click or to If the appears another to the the or Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale checkbox. Click OK displays Click Black to topic: with Black and If and to temporarily with or Click the the If that temporarily with the to OS Click the to If displayed, OK If the appears another to the the the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or
Conserving Black with You screen this: Select On as the temporary Click OKOK or OK the or Access the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the option. Click to topic: with Black and and there that with of to
the The appears only when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to using the the Click this to the If this the topic: Units Packs) and that and than the from sunlight. the the from its the the the the or the cover (D1).
the as shown and of its the or Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right the of the reach of and the the the that with the Seal the and of the the and the the cover (D1). topic: Units Packs) and Related Purchase and
Quality Head Head If to to or the head. using the (PS3) software with the and the head and the buttons or the included with the software. To the software, to epson.com/support/wfr8590 If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the You them them You the head expended, and to clean when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Units Packs) and You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head
Checking the the Product You the head the there the LCD of the Press the necessary. Select Select You this: Select Head You this: Press the
The the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there If there or the Clean the Head and Follow the instructions the to clean the head, the and the as necessary. off the or the front cover cleaning or to If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related topics Loading
Checking the You the head using or sheets of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Scan or and Select and Select You this: Click
Head Cleaning the to there the head clean head cleaning If there If there or the clean the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related topics Loading If and the the head. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head Flushing the
Cleaning the Head the Product topic: Head Related Removing and You the head the there the LCD of the Press the necessary. Select Select You this: Select Head Cleaning You this:
Cleaning the Head Press the to the head. the cleaning finished, the turn off the or the front cover cleaning or to Select Press the to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to least hours without or Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Loading You clean the head using or of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select Head Cleaning
You this: Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, to the clean; and
Flushing the the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to least hours without or Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Loading You Flushing to clear the head necessary. Flushing the service life. Turn off the Press and the back while the to the back You to Flushing Select and follow the instructions the
Head You the flushing process, which about flushing Press the to that the head clean. the to there the head clean head cleaning If there If there or the Clean the Head topic: Head Cleaning If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality
the Head the Product You the head using the there the LCD sheets of the Press the necessary. Select Select You this: Select Head of the following: If If If Follow the on-screen instructions to while head
the the sheet and of the following: If the the with the least If the the each the LCD If the representing the with the least amount of or the LCD topic: Head Related topics Loading
the Head You the head or of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select Head Click Next then to while head
You this: the and follow the instructions the to choose the of the each
choosing Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head Related topics Loading If or light the head there the LCD of the Press the necessary. Select
Cleaning the You this: Select Select Proceed of the following: Increase the to reduce Decrease the to reduce light Select OK topic: Head If the back of the to If feed correctly from the feed cleaning to the of the following: If smeared or scuffed, the that to this A3 inches If feed correctly from the the cleaning that with the Press the necessary. Select Select
You this: and Cleaning Select the to clean. Press the If cleaning the as the clean. If cleaning these to If the cleaning try cleaning the other topic: Quality Related topics Loading
Cleaning and Product Cleaning Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should year. or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the cord. Disconnect connected the from the
Clean the and the the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended) with cleaner. directly the and the with force. If appear the or the the
the and the ADF cover (F). cloth (microfiber recommended) to clean the and the of the ADF. Clean the and with cloth. or cleansers.
Transporting Product topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the heavy, or people should and the shown: the positioning vertically, or turning otherwise the as the otherwise expended, or to the head from cool, Turn off the the from the the connected the and the
the Press the the The the and from the the pop-out section and the Follow the previous to the the other of the the with the supply facing or the otherwise,
the its or with cushioning around the the protects the the the as as to the head from If when clean and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Head Related and
Checking Software Updates these sections to using Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality USB Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to free to software. the U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the
Product You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the or the or Apps of OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software topic: You with the its LCD You the to the If the the to the from LCD Turn the off and Turn the off and then back If the and or protective from the If the displayed, Too You to three optional Turn the off and the XX of Turn the off and then back the You from another indicated XX The to nearing the of their service life. performance. correctly from the when the the of its service life.) XX the to the of their service life. You to the following the indicated supply Communication the connected to and the Scan and software correctly.
LCD tone detected. the connected correctly and the If connected the to PBX Branch phone or the to PBX If off the Tone Detection (Turning off the Detection the to the first of Combination of IP and There with the to the Recovery occurred using USB and downloading the from the If topic: Related references Where to Related Checking Software Selecting the Connecting Telephone or Removing and Related topics or Wired If successfully, the Press the then History and the Select the to the and information. The turned off Memory the of the
Collated to of memory. Clear and from the memory the Clear Font and option from the reduce the of the or to of memory. If the of the simplifying the reducing the of graphics or the and of the to of memory. Clear and from the memory the Clear Font and option from the or reduce the of the from the to authentication and the canceled. when the turned off. The already The the memory the of the The memory You individually, or and them to memory The disconnected the then The the phone connected correctly and the If connected the to PBX Branch phone or the to PBX If off the Detection (Turning off the Detection the to the first of The then The then The phone incorrectly connected to the LINE and EXT the phone correctly. The connected. the
The to of the specified to which to the If the turned from the There enough to the the memory Clear the or The memory write-protected. write protection. the or memory The memory the occurred while to memory the memory or The memory finished processing. DNS occurred. the DNS the or DNS the from the DNS option the authentication occurred. the the occurred. the or the The the the attached Increase the Attached the or the of the The memory Retry other finished. authentication occurred. the Location
occurred. the Location or the with the already the specified the or the There enough the specified Increase the the specified or the of the The or the the Location occurred while the the connected to the correctly. There enough the the specified from the specified The found the information to the the Select the occurred while the occurred. the connected to the or correctly. or the firewall or security software. authentication occurred. the the selected the Where to the occurred. It that with the or the read-only the the the selected the Where to the the or read-only protection. There enough the forwarding Increase the the The or the the the selected the Where to the
Product topic: Related Connecting Telephone or the LCD Selecting the Selecting Advanced Restrictions (Access ID and Related topics or Wired operating properly. interface connected to the Press the necessary. Select You this: Select Head
You this: Press the The of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. caused software, or selected the other this or try and software. If the the clean or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them
This If or this Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. and You this: Select of these Copy copying. Scan scanning. faxing. Clear and including the You Select to the selected to the operation.) topic: these sections while Product Not Turn On or
Product Not Turn On or Software Software topic: If the or off, these If the securely connected and the If off the If turn off the cord, the back then and off using the topic: If hear from the following: The first the the charge its head. charging finishes off the or charge improperly and the If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: If while software, these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software
Network Product to Router or Access topic: Related Uninstall Product Software Related OS these or using or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Product to Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network topic: If or to wireless router or these If the Protected (WPS) and the LCD or appear, of the WPS options from the within of pressing the WPS router. to within of router or microwave or such as If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. that router or operating correctly to from or another
Network Software Product Network You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless of the and to necessary. If Direct that the If necessary, the existing from and instructions. If connected to using Direct and selected Access low-priority the or the and the to of the If to the with IP the topic: Network Related Direct Related Selecting Network From the Network Related topics or Wired If these turned and connected to
Product Not Appear OS (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. connected to If necessary, software and try to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the using the instructions the If router, software to to the router. If using wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related Uninstall Product Software Related topics or Wired If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. If the wirelessly and the appear LCD software correctly. If necessary, software.
Network If using wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related Uninstall Product Software If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both using the wireless If and the strength. If to router or or such as If using wireless router, the router to and router instructions. to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function. If the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. wired LAN router or to the LED the to which connected or flashing. If the LED off, the following: the Ethernet securely connected to and to router, switch, or connecting to or router, switch, or
Scan Network connecting with Ethernet to from another the If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. If connecting the and the appear the LCD, software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Uninstall Product Software Related Network Related topics or Wired If Scan these If from restarted the software. the firewall or security software. If using wireless router, the router to and router instructions. If high If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan the and the using Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the to Network then the
Copying Product Nothing (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the If the restriction (Access ID and to If the ID or the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS X, to scanning with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related Starting Scan the Product Starting Scan the Scan ID and Scanning these copying with Product Nothing Product It While Not From the topic: If nothing try these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary.
Product It While Not From the If the the software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying If originals feed when the ADF, these the ADF appears the LCD If the the and of originals the ADF. the originals correctly. cleaning the of the ADF. topic: Copying Related the (F) Related the Cleaning Product these sections using with the (A) the Rear (B1) the (B2)
the (C1/C2/C3/C4) the Rear Cover (D1) the Rear Cover (E) of the Optional Unit the (F) Ejection topic: If feeding these If feed from the feed or then the the the the the or rear to the the If once, the the to the sheets, and than the recommended of the closed. the specifications If when both of the the and type the and without to the path. If feed correctly the the correctly. If optional to the the software. If the front cover closed. The the of their service life. Check the and them necessary. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with the
the (A) Follow instructions that with the topic: Related the (A) the Rear (B1) the (B2) the (C1/C2/C3/C4) the Rear (D1) the Rear (E) of the Optional Unit the (F) Loading Capacity Specifications Related Cleaning the Related topics Loading If the front cover, follow the to clear the the necessary. the front cover.
including torn to the to to the front cover. If torn of the clearing the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Rear (B1) the (B2) the (C1/C2/C3/C4) the Rear (D1) the Rear Cover (E) of the Optional Unit the (F) Related topics Loading
the Rear (B1) the (B2) If the feed the topic: Related the (A) the (B2) the (C1/C2/C3/C4) the Rear Cover (D1) the Rear Cover (E) of the Optional Unit the (F) Related topics Loading If the front follow the to clear the the necessary. the
the and the the to the cover.
the the cover. the and the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the (A) the Rear (B1) the (C1/C2/C3/C4) the Rear (D1) the Rear Cover (E) of the Optional Unit
the (C1/C2/C3/C4) the (F) Related topics Loading If the follow the to clear the If the optional than the necessary. the
the follow instructions and the the as Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Cover (A) the Rear (B1) the (B2) the Rear (D1) the Rear (E) of the Optional Unit the (F) Related topics Loading
the Rear (D1) If the follow the to clear the the necessary. (D1).
cover (D2). from the (D2). cover (D1). Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the (A) the Rear (B1) the (B2)
the Rear (E) of the Optional Unit the (C1/C2/C3/C4) the Rear (E) of the Optional Unit the (F) Related topics Loading If of the optional follow the to clear the the necessary. cover (E) the optional with the
cover (E). Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the (A) the (B1) the (B2) the (C1/C2/C3/C4) the Rear Cover (D1) the (F) Related topics Loading
the (F) If with the (ADF), follow the to clear the the necessary. originals from the ADF. the and the ADF cover.
the ADF cover, then the cover.
the cover.
the ADF input and the ADF input the ADF its capacity originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the (A) the Rear (B1) the (B2) the (C1/C2/C3/C4) the Rear (D1)
Ejection Nothing Prints the Software the Rear (E) of the Optional Unit Related topics Loading If with ejecting properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related or Software Related Product Related topics Loading these using the software. Nothing Prints the Software Incorrectly the Software Accessing topic: If these turned and properly connected. the the correct. If Text Detection the and the to PS3
Incorrectly the Software Accessing selected as the the of selecting directly to the the Advanced the topic: Related topics (PCL) or If correctly, these If the created that allows to the such as Photoshop, the the match the software EPS created correctly. creating the ASCII instead. the connected to the USB selecting ASCII or TBCP as the the the the the the If the incorrect, the the Advanced of the software. If selecting as the Quality the Advanced of the software. topic: Related Accessing You the to and of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click the and
from Nothing Prints Click and Devices and Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound then right-click the and XP: Click and and Right-click the and Click to and the property topic: these sections while from AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple while with the or (PS3) software, the sections covering that software this Nothing Prints Product Not Appear topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the
Product Not Appear clear from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product ID and If the first restarting If that this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the
Click the button. EPSON then OK Click the Preferences Click the the option that the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If using the Devices and turned off. Clear or to free existing using when If connected to USB it directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select the increased Click the or or and and the following High RAW Datatype
and Inverted as topic: from Related OS or Software Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS these sections with the or of AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating
Too these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS that the or software topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS
Incorrect Margins Printout Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the Click the the and If connected to USB directly to instead. If the printed, the characters. If incorrect characters appear connecting topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. selected the the
Printout Quality correctly feeding the Clean the and cover. You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS Cleaning Product If these the the of the Select higher software. Turn off high software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple
White or Printout White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: If white or these to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Software Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading Units Packs) and
Blurry or Smeared Printout If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly with or the specifications to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly If thick or the Thick from the or Thick and the of the software. (Turning this the smeared selecting the Thick and the Short the of the software. each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. the and/or Increase Drying If smeared, the the to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning
Printout or Printout Head Related Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and If or try these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Software Related Selecting Selecting OS Cleaning the Related topics Units Packs) and
Printout Loading If these the of the correctly Select higher and off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software from the and high If the to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS
Incorrect Colors Related topics Loading If incorrect these the type matches the loaded. the Black/Grayscale or selected software. If selected or (OS X) as the the software, try selecting or Normal (OS X) instead. to of the head Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the to as the this the than To top of each other. exactly match on-screen to as as using the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS OS Related topics Units Packs) and
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan Scanning to Network or FTP topic: If software correctly, try these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Uninstall Product Software Related Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS Scanning with OS If Scan, try these turned and interface securely connected both Scan selected
Scanning to Network or FTP power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the button. (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan If both and If operating Scan, If the user restriction (Access ID and to If the ID or With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Starting Scan the Scan Scanning with OS ID and Scanning If when the Network option, the or IP as the location. If as the network or FTP the process. topic: Scanning
Scanned Quality Consists of of Appears Scanned these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: If consists of these facing the If using the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Office Related topics the Product If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the
Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If appears or these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that its these Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or warped cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality
Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors If too these these Scan and Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and try Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the matching and of and the software to they affecting the of
Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped To the these Scan and try the and with of the the Tone Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Office Selecting Scan Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product these with or with Telephone Connected to Product
or Memory Appears Quality Incorrect Quality Printed topic: If or these If displayed the the the If from the FAX to the turned and correctly header information and ID. might rejected the If to and If telephone to the to automatically. that the connecting to LINE or software to the that the connecting to and testing If there tone and connected the to PBX Branch or the to PBX If off the turn off the tone (Turning off the tone the to the first of If connected to DSL DSL to the to the DSL the If telephone off correction and lowering
the correction (ECM) turned trying to or If and off to of incoming If to forwarding service, the to service inbox and reading or them. If the inbox the If specified the and correctly the If selected the the containing the Also, to the to as the Select option. If connected to that to that when If phone includes services, or received service. topic: Related references Related Connecting Telephone or the Selecting the Selecting Advanced Automatically Reports the LCD Related topics Loading
with Telephone Connected to Product Memory Appears If when telephone connected to these telephone connected to EXT the to that the LCD displays that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or the If that the memory these If the to the memory or already read. If the to the selected Once the the they from the memory. If the to memory the selected memory containing the to the Once the the memory they from the memory. the memory enough memory and write protected. If the memory the Direct or batches. If the to such as the memory appear. Clear then the to the topic: Related references
Quality Incorrect Related the LCD If the try these Clean the Clean the ADF. the the the the If to the the Direct If high-resolution without the Direct the the the correction (ECM) topic: Related Related Cleaning Product If incorrect these If trying to the the If the OK (Reduced appears the the If using the correctly the and that the selected the Clean the and cover. topic:
Quality Not Printed USB Related the Cleaning Product If these the correction (ECM) the and them to the higher the topic: Related If printed, try these the clear of The occurred with the such as If the to the memory or received printed. the the and necessary. topic: Related these USB with or from USB USB To or From USB topic:
or from USB USB If or or from USB these memory the with the the the topic: USB Related Interface Specifications USB Specifications Related From Related topics and From the LCD If USB these To USB to the the the write-protected. the enough memory the with the topic: USB Related Interface Specifications Related From
To or From USB Product Software Uninstalling Product Software If to or from USB these with the securely connected to that the correctly. topic: USB Related Interface Specifications Related topics USB If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface of the following: to the Apps and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the
Uninstalling Product Software OS (other Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow instructions: EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the
Where to Select the checkbox each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the Scan or and the to topic: Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply.
Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products OS Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications PS3 PCL5 Fonts (Bitstream) PCL6 (Bitstream) PCL Fonts (URW) To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating
OS XP Professional Edition XP SP3 2012R2 2008R2 2003R2 only the and Scan; included software supported. (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications
Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS Effective inches Scanning to and Color: Light LED topic: Technical Specifications A5 to A3 type to Sheet feeding capacity thickness: inch topic: Technical Specifications A3 inches to internal Black and white: internal to
Specifications type black-and-white and (ITU-T telephone to correction CCITU/ITU with correction memory to (ITU-T chart; (with Interface RJ-11 topic: Technical Specifications PBX Branch telephone inch inch inch inch inch inch inch inch inch inch Photo: RJ-11 Telephone
Specifications the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Single-sheets inches and distributed to inches to topic: Technical Specifications A3 inches inches A4 inches A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
Printable Specifications Margin: inch Reduced inch Reduced area/bottom: inch
Specifications Specifications Left/right inch Top/bottom inch Reduced area/right: inch Reduced inch topic: Technical Specifications Black to F to C) within months of the topic: Specifications Related Unit Height inches only) inches Height inches with optional inches and inches only) inches month F C) F C) thaws and hours F C)
Specifications inches with optional inches and inches only) inches inches with optional inches and only) with optional and topic: Technical Specifications rating to Rated Rated to (ISO/IEC24712) topic: Technical Specifications Ready off
Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications to F to C) to RH (without to RH topic: Specifications Interface type USB Class computers) the of externally connected topic: Technical Specifications Related USB Specifications with the following Dedicated Security USB with AC that USB recommended. the of externally connected 1.3GB to F to C) month F C) USB
Network Interface Specifications and USB 2TB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or topic: Technical Specifications Wireless LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. IEEE with IEEE or IEEE purchase location Security WEP Communication Ethernet IEEE802.3i (10BASE-T) WPA-PSK (AES); with WPA2 with WPA/WPA2 WPA-2 Direct Direct AP the to Ethernet (100BASE-TX) (1000BASE-T); to of interference, Category-5e or higher shielded twisted connected should
and Specifications Communication Connector RJ-45 Security IEEE802.1X connected with IEEE802.1X) SSL/TLS; HTTPS and IPPS topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6117-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. This with FCC/IC forth and the FCC (RF) C to OET65 and RSS-102 of the IC (RF) This should and operated that EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
PS3 Fonts the least inches or from wrists, and topic: Technical Specifications Italic, Light Italic, Compact Apple Chancery ITC Gothic ITC Gothic ITC Gothic ITC Gothic Italic, Italic, Compressed ITC Light, ITC Light Italic, ITC ITC Chicago Light, CooperBlack, CooperBlack Gothic 32BC, Gothic 33BC Italic, Italic, Light, Light Italic, Italic, BoldItalic, Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Text, Text Italic, Text Text Black Italic, Text Italic,
LetterGothic, LetterGothic LetterGothic LetterGothic ITC Graph ITC Graph ITC Graph ITC Graph ITC New Century Schoolbook New Century Schoolbook Italic, New Century Schoolbook New Century Schoolbook New York Italic, Italic, Italic, Italic, Univers, Univers Univers Univers Univers Light, Univers Light UniversCondensed, UniversCondensed UniversCondensed UniversCondensed UniversExtended ITC ZapfChancery ITC Italic, New New Italic, New New topic: Technical Specifications
PCL5 (Bitstream) Font Family HP FixedPitch Italic, FixedPitch Italic, Gothic FixedPitch Bold, Italic, PS Dutch Italic, CG Italic, CG Ribbon Italic, Univers Italic, Univers Incised Olive Italic, Calligraphic SWM Italic, Dutch SWM Italic, New SWA Helvetica
Font Family HP Narrow Helvetica Narrow SWA Calligraphic Italic, SWA SWA ITC Gothic SWA Light, Bold, Light ITC Italic, Century SWA Italic, New Century Schoolbook Dutch SWA Italic, Chancery ITC Chancery SWA SWM SWM SWA ITC SWA BT BT BT BT BT BT Font
PCL6 (Bitstream) Font Font Family OCR OCR EAN/UPC the or and of the the and readability topic: Technical Specifications Scalable Fonts Font Family HP FixedPitch Italic, FixedPitch Italic, Gothic FixedPitch Italic, PS Dutch Italic, CG Italic, CG Ribbon Italic, Univers Italic, Univers
Font Family HP Incised Olive Italic, Calligraphic SWM Italic, Dutch SWM Italic, New SWA Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow SWA Calligraphic Italic, SWA SWA ITC Gothic SWA Light, Light ITC Italic, Century SWA Italic, New Century Schoolbook Dutch SWA Italic, Chancery ITC Chancery SWA SWM More SWM SWA ITC SWA BT
PCL (URW) Font Family HP BT BT BT BT BT Font topic: Technical Specifications Scalable Fonts Font Family HP Italic, Gothic Italic, Gothic PS PS Italic, CG URW Bold, Italic, CG URW URW URW Italic, Univers URW Italic, Univers
Font Family HP Olive Olive Italic, Italic, New Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Italic, URW Gothic ITC Gothic URW Light, Light Italic, ITC URW Century Italic, New Century Schoolbook Schoolbook Italic, URW Chancery ITC Chancery URW ITC URW HP
Font Family HP URW HP URW HP URW URW URW Font Font PCL5 Font Family OCR OCR EAN/UPC the or and of the the and readability topic: Technical Specifications of of these the international characters to each Since software and automatically, to write or software that to these the which to which to with the the and choose.
PCL5 Font ISO 0D Danish/Nor 0E ISO 0I ISO 0N ISO 0S Swedish ISO 0U ASCII ISO 1E United ISO 1F French ISO 1G 1U ISO 2N ISO 4N ISO 2S Spanish 4U
Font PS Math 5M ISO 5N 5T Microsoft 6J Publishing 6M Math ISO 6N 7J Math-8 8M 8U 9E 9J ISO 9N 9T 9U PS Text 10J PC-8, 10U
Font PC-8 D/N 11U Danish/Nor MC Text 12J PC-850 12U 13J Internationa 13U US 14J Font 15U PC852, 17U 18N 19L 19U PC-755 26U PC-866, 3R 8G 9G 9R
Font PC-851, 10G ISO 10N PC-8, 12G ISO 12N PC-866 14R UKR 0H ISO 7H 8H PC-862, 15H PC-862, 15Q 8V HPWARA 9V PC-864, 10V 579L 19M 14L OCR 0O OCR 1O
Attribu Font OCR 3Q 0Y EAN/UPC 8Y PCL6 Attribute Font ISO ISO ISO ISO Swedish ASCII ISO United ISO ISO ISO ISO Spanish PS Math ISO
Attribute Font Microsoft Publishing ISO Math-8 ISO PS Text PC-8 PC-8 D/N MC Text PC-850 Font PC852 WBALT
Attribute Font PC-755 PC-866, PC-851, ISO PC-8, ISO PC-866 UKR ISO PC-862,
Attribute Font HPWARA PC-864, topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Product Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products Product Instructions FCC Software Notice Copyright Notice to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the only the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the outlet where the easily the outlet the as or that switches and off, or switch or the become or to and top of and allow to or to the straight each If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the rating of the the off the the and the light flashing the or off to the If the the from the the that its It properly or
Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or or the the near heat or sunlight. enough around the or cover the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the to or other with the of the Each only the both connected the the white the the head hand; this the the or the with products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the section while the scanning, or other to when closing the cover or as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. or the its or otherwise Instructions LCD Screen Instructions Wireless Instructions
Instructions LCD Instructions Telephone Instructions topic: Notices of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or the immediately Leaving the head and the from or tear the the this the from the supply This the to become the IC the of the This operation. too vigorously; otherwise the its This the head. cool, from allow to least hours with the facing topic: Product Instructions only cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. too the LCD or such as or to the LCD
Instructions Telephone Instructions FCC topic: Product Instructions waves from this the of or such as or fire using this near such or facility, follow the from authorized the facility, and follow and the to causing topic: Product Instructions telephone should follow basic to reduce the of fire, shock, and including the following: the telephone There of shock from telephone to the of the To reduce the of fire, AWG or cord. topic: Product Instructions United States This with of the FCC and the the Council ("ACTA") On the of this that other information, the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. If requested, this to the telephone Applicable Universal Service ("USOC") the RJ11C. and to this to the and telephone with the FCC and the ACTA. telephone and with this It to connected to that instructions The REN to the of that connected to telephone the to incoming
areas, the of should To of the of that to as the RENs, the telephone products July the REN this of the that the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the If this to the telephone the telephone that temporary of service required. isn't the telephone the as as Also, of right to with the FCC necessary. The its operations or procedures that the operation of the If this the telephone to to service. If with this and technical or please www.epson.com information. This to repaired the customer. If connecting this to telephone please Inc. Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: If the causing to the telephone the that the the This service the telephone to service to the service or corporation information. If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this If about what or The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or (The telephone or other which charges or charges.)
to this information the below instructions header information. According to the FCC's advisory, that AC the AC to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to connected to interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B)
Software Notice (IES) interface interface tous CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices Related the This includes software to the of each software the of of these softwares years the of of this If to the please the of You with the of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which below. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to using other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply it to of software, to to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of free and that know these things.
To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this software. If the software and its to that what they the that introduced others the authors' reputations. Finally, threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of individually the To this, clear that everyone's free or The terms and and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another included without the Each as other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered only its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee.
You or of the or of based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to stating that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the terms of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that users redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the terms of Sections and that of the following: it with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software or, Accompany with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically machine-readable of the to distributed the terms of Sections and software or,
Accompany with the information as to the offer to (This allowed only and the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this However, who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the
If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the of of software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS How to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to free software which everyone redistribute and these terms. To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright (C) of author> This software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should received of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when interactive Copyright (C) year of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This software, and to redistribute type
The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of of This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and software--to the software free its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of and that that these things.
To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the library. Also, the and the should that what they the that the author's affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of free to that effectively the users of free restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that the as non-free this there to the to software only, the
other to non-free of people to of free software. to the GNU C people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the user of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. The terms and copying, and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the terms of this "this as "library" of software and/or as to with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. Activities other than and covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such covered only its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; intact the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library.
You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the terms of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of You the whole of the to charge to third the terms of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these notices.
Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the terms of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the (because of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such only and accessors, and and functions or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that terms of choice, that the terms of the the and such modifications. You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, include the copyright the
them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: Accompany the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the user the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to the to the shared with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying functions the and properly with of the library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. Accompany the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the already of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include that normally or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the terms of the Sections
with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its and copying, or the or based redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to this and other obligations, then as the royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this
If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS How to Apply These Terms to New
If library, and to of the to the free software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these terms (or, alternatively, the of the ordinary To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright (C) of author> This software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should received of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of of That's there to TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the and reproduction, and as Sections through of this
the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the modifications, including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution received and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or
of to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or terms and reproduction, or of modifications, or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the and of this without or Notwithstanding the nothing or the terms of with such
This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Accepting Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge fee of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this accepting such obligations, You only and responsibility, of other Contributor, and only You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following boilerplate with the with information. (Don't include the The should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the
or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of Apple Computer, Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY APPLE AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CMU/UCD copyright (BSD Copyright University Work Copyright The of the University of California Rights to and this software and its and without granted, that the copyright appears and that both that copyright and this appear and that the of CMU and The of the University of California or publicity to of the software without written CMU AND THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL CMU OR THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM THE LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Networks Associates Inc copyright (BSD) Copyright Networks Associates Inc rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the Networks Associates Inc the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Broadband copyright (BSD) of this copyright Broadband rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
The of Broadband to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Microsystems, Inc. copyright (BSD) Copyright Microsystems, Inc., Network California U.S.A. rights to below. This include third Microsystems, the and or of Microsystems, Inc. the U.S. and other Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the Microsystems, Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc copyright (BSD) Copyright Inc rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the the of Inc the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. LICENSE ISSUES The both the of the and the SSLeay apply to the below the Actually both Source of related to please Copyright The rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning features or of this software the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the The and to or products from this software without written written please Products from this software appear their without written of the Redistributions of whatsoever the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes cryptographic software written Young This includes software written SSLeay Copyright (C) Young rights This SSL written Young The written as to with SSL. This free and as as the following aheared to. The following apply to found this the RC4, RSA,
DES, the SSL The SSL included with this covered the copyright terms that the Copyright Young's, and as such Copyright the to If this should as the author of the of the used. This the of or or with the Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning features or of this software the following acknowledgement: "This includes cryptographic software written The 'cryptographic' the from the cryptographic related If include (or thereof) from the directory include acknowledgement: "This includes software written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. The and terms publically or of this this and another [including the GNU Copyright Microsystems, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. ECC cipher originally SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC., and contributed to the Copyright rights
The of the attached software ("Contribution") Corporation and to the The Contribution, originally written and of Corporation, consists of the "PSK" (Pre-Shared RFC to or other rights those stated the or expressly, or otherwise. that the Contribution the or other property rights of third or that the with the rights to of the Contribution. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. IN ADDITION TO THE DISCLAIMERS INCLUDED IN THE LICENSE, NOKIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR CLAIMS BROUGHT BY YOU OR ANY OTHER ENTITY BASED ON INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHERWISE. of the attached software ("Contribution") SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC., and contributed to the Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. RPC of Microsystems, Inc. and that this included and as of the software whole or or RPC without charge, authorized to or to as of or the
SUN RPC IS PROVIDED AS IS WITH NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF DESIGN, MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE. RPC with and without the of Microsystems, Inc. to its correction, or SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE INFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHTS, TRADE SECRETS OR ANY PATENTS BY SUN RPC OR ANY PART THEREOF. Microsystems, Inc. or profits or other indirect and of the of such Microsystems, Inc. California DES interface this Copyright Microsystems, Inc. Copyright Microsystems, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. The Curve Public-Key Crypto (ECC included SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC., and contributed to the The ECC to the below. to who with to their to and the practicing, offering and/or otherwise of the ECC as (or thereof), that such apply: that from the ECC from the ECC or caused by: the of the ECC or the of the ECC with other software or where such the The software originally written and Douglas of Microsystems NOTE: This to the below and the apply! such the
the and this edited please the copyright and attribution. Copyright This based written It as as this intact This and which of the years to o o o Thomas o o o o Ralf S. o Copyright Author: Guilford Copyright Copyright Theo Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright Inc. Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the Created Consulting B.V. from the copyright (C) Copyright Microsoft rights You royalty-free right to and the (and/or that that Microsoft warranty obligations or Application which Copyright of rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INSTITUTE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights The of the attached software ("Contribution") Corporation and to the The Contribution, originally written and of Corporation, consists of the "PSK" (Pre-Shared RFC to or other rights those stated the or expressly, or otherwise. that the Contribution the or other property rights of third or that the with the rights to of the Contribution. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. IN ADDITION TO THE DISCLAIMERS INCLUDED IN THE LICENSE, NOKIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR CLAIMS BROUGHT BY YOU OR ANY OTHER ENTITY BASED ON INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHERWISE. Copyright (C) Network Inc. Copyright (C) RTFM, Inc. THIS FILE IS PROVIDED BY BALTIMORE TECHNOLOGIES "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL BALTIMORE TECHNOLOGIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright Corporation This Copyright nCipher Corporation Limited. Redistribution and and with without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the this of and the following the and/or other with the IN NO EVENT SHALL NCIPHER CORPORATION LIMITED (`NCIPHER') AND/OR ANY OTHER AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS OF THIS FILE BE LIABLE directly or indirectly from this its or this Without to the of the indirect, or other or of profits, business, or nCipher or of the of the of effective, the of nCipher or author or to the of the and pounds This to or death or of and to the that such or effective. NCIPHER AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL AND ANY WARRANTIES (WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED), including, to, of merchantability, satisfactory and/or of third rights. US Government This software and Software and Software as and of DFAR "Rights Software and Software or the Government to the terms and specified or this accepting these and including the of and of warranty. If to these and DO NOT USE THE FILE.
The and the which covered the You should with terms and these the without please nCipher. Copyright Cryptocom LTD Dive-Reclus(cdive@baltimore.com) Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the The and to or products from this software without written written please Products from this software appear their without written of the Redistributions of whatsoever the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the Dive-Reclus(cdive@baltimore.com) right THIS FILE IS PROVIDED BY BALTIMORE TECHNOLOGIES "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL BALTIMORE TECHNOLOGIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. RPC of Microsystems, Inc. and that this included and as of the software whole or or RPC without charge, authorized to or to as of or the or with the written of Microsystems, Inc. SUN RPC IS PROVIDED AS IS WITH NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF DESIGN, MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE. RPC with and without obligation the of Microsystems, Inc. to its correction, or SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE INFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHTS, TRADE SECRETS OR ANY PATENTS BY SUN RPC OR ANY PART THEREOF. Microsystems, Inc. or profits or other indirect and of the of such Microsystems, Inc. California
Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the the of F. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY JULIE HAUGH AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL JULIE HAUGH OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. The Clarified Preamble The of this to the which copied, such that the Copyright of the of the while the of the the right to and the customary fashion, the right to reasonable Definitions: to the of distributed the Copyright and of that of created through to such or with the wishes of the Copyright as specified below. "Copyright whoever the copyright or copyrights the about copying or this "Distribution fee" fee charge of this to another party. that the right to the though there the It that of the item redistribute the they You and of the of the of this without restriction, that of the copyright and associated You apply portability and other from the or those or from the Copyright such the You otherwise of this that each and when that and that least ONE of the following: the or otherwise them such as to or or the archive allowing to them, or allowing the Copyright to include the of the the within corporation or organization.
the with which provided, and each that clearly from the other with the Copyright and who of the to You the of this or that least ONE of the following: of the and together with instructions the or where to the the with the machine-readable of the with modifications. and clearly the (or together with instructions where to the other with the Copyright offer the machine-readable of the with modifications, You charge fee of this If offer this choose that You charge the right to this You this with other (possibly and possibly nonfree) as of (possibly and possibly nonfree) software and charge other of that software that this as of own. If the includes You this within of this as of that the of the The and as input to or as from the of this the copyright of this to whoever them, and commercially, and with this If such or with this the or of then of such as of this the of and that such as of this C (or other and this to and of the this of this the of input as these the that would to the the
of the of the with that the of this that when to this interfaces to the of the as of this The of the Copyright to or from this software without written THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The Copyright (C) Chris Thewalt to and this software and without granted, that the copyright appear and that both the copyright and this appear This software "as without or warranty. Copyright (C) The Rights This and of and furnished to others, and that or otherwise or its copied, published and distributed, whole or without restriction of that the copyright and this included such and this such as the copyright or to the or other organizations, as the of which the procedures copyrights the followed, or as to other than English. The and the or its or This and the information contained "AS IS" and THE INTERNET SOCIETY AND THE INTERNET ENGINEERING TASK FORCE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION HEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY RIGHTS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. This of the Info-ZIP The of this should ftp://ftp.info-zip.org/pub/infozip/license.html and Copyright Info-ZIP. rights
the of this copyright and Info-ZIP as the following of Jean-Michel Goatley, Gorman, Chris Herborth, Heath, Jonathan P. Salisbury, Smith, M. Christian White. This software "as without warranty of or implied. Info- ZIP or its indirect, or of the of or to this software. to to this software including and to and redistribute freely, to the and the following Redistributions of whole or the copyright and this of Redistributions and the copyright and this of and/or other with the The to this redistribution of (including as of self-extracting archive; that without inclusion of this as as the SFX from the or versions--including, to, to operating existing with graphical interfaces, with or functionality, and shared, or from Info-ZIP--must as such and as the or, from the as Info-ZIP releases--including, to, of the with the "Info-ZIP" (or thereof, including, to, UnZip," or without the of Info-ZIP. further from of the or Info-ZIP or the Info-ZIP URL(s), such as to imply Info-ZIP the Info-ZIP the right to the "Info-ZIP," "UnZip," UnZip," and its and releases. Copyright (C) The Rights This and of it and furnished to others, and that or otherwise or its copied, published and distributed, whole or without restriction of that the copyright and this included such and However, this such as the copyright or references to the
or other as the of which the copyrights the followed, or as to other than English. The and the or its or This and the information "AS IS" and THE INTERNET SOCIETY AND THE INTERNET ENGINEERING TASK FORCE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION HEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY RIGHTS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright JSON.org granted, of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. The Software THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Copyright (C) RSA Security, Inc. Created rights to and this software that as the "RSA Security, Inc. MD5 mentioning or referencing this software or this function. to and that such as from the RSA Security, Inc. MD5 mentioning or referencing the RSA Security, Inc. concerning the merchantability of this software or the of this software It "as without or warranty of These retained of of this and/or software.
Copyright Brian Worcester, UK. rights LICENSE TERMS The redistribution and of this software (with or without without the of or that: include the copyright this of and the following include the copyright this of and the following their the of the copyright to products built using this software without written DISCLAIMER This software 'as with or warranties of its including, to, and/or The Redistribution and of this software and associated ("Software"), with or without that the following Redistributions copyright and Redistributions copyright and notices, this of and the following the and/or other with the and Redistributions of this The Foundation this from to Each distinguished You this Software terms of this or the terms of of the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OPENLDAP FOUNDATION AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OPENLDAP FOUNDATION, ITS CONTRIBUTORS, OR THE AUTHOR(S) OR OWNER(S) OF THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. The of the authors and copyright or otherwise to the or other this Software without written to copyright this Software with copyright of the Foundation. Copyright The Foundation, City, California, USA. Rights to and of this granted. Copyright (C) rights to to this software and to and redistribute to the following The author the of of this software, they from The of this software or Since users credits should appear the plainly as such, and as the software. Since users credits should appear the This or Copyright rights Copyright Martin to and this software with or without granted, that the copyright and this appear THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Copyright of the University of rights Redistribution and and that this and that to the University of Arbor. The of the University to or products from this software without written This software "as without or warranty.
Copyright Matthew rights Copyright IBM Corporation. rights Copyright Software to and this software with or without granted, that the copyright and this appear THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND INTERNET SOFTWARE CONSORTIUM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTERNET SOFTWARE CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Copyright Computing Research New State University granted, of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPUTING RESEARCH LAB OR NEW MEXICO STATE UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. UCD Terms of The Character as Inc. as to warranties of or implied. The to of information If this purchased or from Inc., the of within of
This other accompanying the Character of which the and of which other Rights to Redistribute This the right to internal and to freely the information the creation of products the (TM) The the Character redistributed to third or other organizations (whether or as as this and the retained. Information extracted from these and or as as there accompanying indicating the Copyright (C) Inc. Rights THIS WORK IS SUBJECT TO U.S. AND INTERNATIONAL COPYRIGHT LAWS AND TREATIES. USE, MODIFICATION, AND REDISTRIBUTION OF THIS WORK IS SUBJECT TO VERSION OF THE OPENLDAP PUBLIC LICENSE, COPY OF WHICH IS AVAILABLE AT HTTP://WWW.OPENLDAP.ORG/LICENSE.HTML OR IN THE FILE "LICENSE" IN THE TOP-LEVEL DIRECTORY OF THE DISTRIBUTION. ANY USE OR EXPLOITATION OF THIS WORK OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED IN VERSION OF THE OPENLDAP PUBLIC LICENSE, OR OTHER PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT FROM NOVELL, COULD SUBJECT THE PERPETRATOR TO CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LIABILITY. Copyright C. rights This software to of Graphics Inc. or University. Redistribution and and without restriction or of as as this Copyright of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and this such and that and other related to such and acknowledge that the software the University of California, The of the University to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Copyright D. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the copyright the of to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTOR(S) "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTOR(S) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Copyright J. Copyright Copyright rights Copyright Jonathan rights Copyright IBM Corporation. rights Copyright IBM Rights Copyright rights Copyright and to and this software and its and without fee granted, that the copyright appear and about the of this software It "as without or warranty. Copyright The of the University of California. Copyright Microsystems, Inc. Copyright NeoSoft, Inc. Rights This software used, copied, distributed, and both and that these copyrights retained and their followed. the authors or NeoSoft Inc. the functioning of this software, the authors incurred with its Redistribution and and that this and that to NeoSoft, Inc. NeoSoft, Inc. to or products from this software without written This software "as without or warranty. to NeoSoft Inc, Houston, TX, Copyright D. Copyright Boolean Incorporated. rights Copyright rights Copyright (C) and WIDE Project. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) and WIDE
Copyright (C) rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright Inc. rights This software written of Inc. Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of Inc. to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY WASABI SYSTEMS, INC. "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL WASABI SYSTEMS, INC BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) AG, Germany. Contributed by: SUSE rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) AG, Germany. Contributed by: SUSE rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) and WIDE Copyright (C) rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright (C) International Corporation Copyright Trusted Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. topic: Notices EPSON and EPSON and TM of Corporation. SM service of America, Inc. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. and the of Apple Inc. and TM Chromebook TM Chrome TM TM and TM of Inc. Direct of Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices
Copyright Notice Software Acknowledgment rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics.
Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each user to and of the copyright when using While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. More achieved the to to topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-41228R1 topic: Copyright Notice