WF-6530
Product the these sections to learn about the basic of the Product Locations and Other and More and Scanning with NFC from these sections to learn about the and and Lights and the Restrictions (Access LCD Screen Sounds the Brightness Turning the topic: Product
and Lights The and light The The The The Stop The LCD The back The and lights The The C clear The B&W The
Information Information Information topic: the the LCD Press to or the information or instructions, such as or the (ADF). One or of the or the nearly Press the to the Information and the of the One or of the or the Press the to the Information and the of the Unread or the If the to or this that the or memory memory already or printed. If the to or the or the to the or Ethernet processed. Ethernet Ethernet established.
Information occurred or the searching established. The of the strength. established. Direct established. AP established. Access to the functions restricted to authorized users. Press the to to the (You to user and know the information. Access to the functions restricted to authorized users and currently Press the to topic: and Lights Press the the to the and Function Information the of and that occurred with the the from the to the the and to processed. History the history and the history. Inbox to received the history.
and the Function that to topic: and Lights You to the following and them from Administration information the Press the necessary. Select You this: and Select
You this: the to and to Select OK Select and On the locked, the to of the locked If Characters the LCD and Scan topic: the Related Restrictions (Access
Characters the LCD and Scan Follow these to characters and other To the or To the of To the previous character, To or To To the topic: and the You and as This easily them whenever necessary. If or Press the necessary. Select the necessary.
You this: Select New Select the function which to You the that function, such as the Copy Select the to and
Restrictions (Access You this: the to the and Select to or and from the topic: and the Related Characters the LCD Screen Access features to of the Restricted features the to ID and the them using the as information the Press the necessary. Select
LCD You this: and Administration and Security Select Access Select On Select whether Without Authentication Allowed or Not Allowed topic: the Related ID and ID and Scanning and the You the the LCD This If or this Press the necessary. Select
Sounds You this: and Administration Select Common and Select topic: the You the sound heard when buttons the This locked If or this Press the necessary. Select
the Brightness You this: and Administration Select Common Sound Select Press Press to or to increase the sound. Select OK to You the Sound and the sound topic: the You the of the LCD Press the necessary. Select
Turning the You this: and Administration Select Common Select LCD Brightness the brightness selecting brightness or the or right arrow Select OK to topic: the The the LCD to to the of inactivity. This off. This If or this Press the necessary. Select
Product Locations You this: and Administration Select Common and Select topic: the these sections to the Product Product Product topic: Product
Product with and If or these to and the ADF (F) ADF ADF input ADF feed feed (B2) (C1)
Rear and Rear feed (B1)
Product topic: Product Locations with and If or these to and the cover USB head cover (A) NFC (Near
Product topic: Product Locations with and If or these to and the Rear cover (D2) AC Rear cover (D1) Service USB LINE EXT LAN USB topic: Product Locations
and Other the and off the LCD it of You the shorter and other options to and the the the topic: Product You the to the The the the Common If copying selected The If or this Press the button, necessary. the necessary. You screen this: Select On Select as necessary.
the Select OK to topic: and Other Related the You the and off the LCD This If or this The this Press the button, necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. Select Common Select You this: of the following: Press the or to reduce or increase the of Press the of the LCD the of from the on-screen and
the OK topic: and Other Related the You the off specified of This If or this Press the necessary. Select You this: and Administration the necessary. Select Common Select Select and hours). topic: and Other
and More the You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to from anywhere: Print, Print, and Scan to the Remote Scan to topic: Product With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or photo to and to network the below. If already when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and More Related topics or Wired this free Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or the below.
Remote Scan to to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More Related topics or Wired With Remote software, to anywhere the the below. to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the Remote software. the and optional of the to and this Remote Select the and choose the Remote topic: and More Related topics or Wired The Scan to service to that with scanning. the below. instructions account and with to the with the and selected. Select Destination Scan to
Click then follow the instructions the to ready to the the Scan to service topic: and Related topics or Wired wireless from iPhone, and with the of and with the of OS X. wireless the below. Apple to the wireless that from to the the Apple topic: Product Related topics or Wired With Account, from Apple or to You from and the Chrome without or the below. and connected to the the
Chromebook to the that IP the the IP the of Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Chromebook, Apple or with access. information Print, or the of Chromebook topic: Product Related topics or Wired With Account, from Chromebook without or the below. connected to wireless the
and Scanning with NFC from Turn Chromebook and to the wireless as Chromebook's connecting to of the following: Click to the that appears the of Chromebook If to appears the the lower-right of the Click this to the then to and the to If instead, Click Click the that appears to Click the LCD displays Select OK or the OK to the and to Account and from iPhone, or phone with access. information Print, topic: Related topics or Wired You easily or to NFC (Near Communication). Once connected, and iPrint.
AP and that using the Direct NFC and the Direct from the of the following: If to the If to the scanning. Touch the NFC of to the NFC If the NFC NFC. The location of NFC
If the the and this Touch the NFC of to the NFC The and If the and to or The and should automatically. If to the to iPrint. Touch the NFC of to the NFC to or scanning. topic: Product Related the
or Wired these sections to or wired Direct Protected (WPS) Network or Network You to with using wireless router or The wireless router or connected to wireless or wired
Selecting Wireless Network From the Wireless router or with wireless interface Ethernet wired to the wireless router or Selecting Wireless Network From the topic: or Wired You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the sheet and the software downloading from the The through or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that own or and and Press the necessary. Press Select You screen this:
You this: Select If to the wireless to Ethernet and instead. Then follow the instructions to wired this Select the of wireless or the manually. To the wireless manually, Other and the Network (SSID) field. the to Select the and wireless the
The and to correctly and lowercase and or characters. Press or to the Press to the of Press to the previous character. Press to and Press to Press to the and Proceed Confirm the and OK to them. If to the back If to of the buttons. Press the to should connected to the If the isn't or appear the LCD selected the or the incorrectly. these to topic: Related references Information Information Related Characters the LCD Screen Characters the LCD
Direct You to directly with or another without wireless router or with wireless interface Other wireless You of these to with or Access The acts as the to operating this displays AP the LCD The one-to-one with another Direct operating this displays Direct or the LCD To release the to from or other To from the Utility, Services Direct Direct the Direct topic: or Wired
Direct Related Information Information You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or Press the necessary. Press Select You this: Select Direct Select To Direct using the Proceed You the Direct to NFC to to the
the Direct The the and displays the (SSID) and You this: to the SSID and or wireless to the SSID the LCD then the shown. Press the to You AP or Direct the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP or Direct displayed the LCD Direct these to topic: Direct Related Information Related Characters the LCD You the Direct from the to the security of Direct
If the Direct the built-in NFC functionality to to the If already connected or to Direct, they disconnected when the Press the necessary. Press Select You this: Select Direct To the Direct and Direct
least and than characters Press or to the Press to the of Press to the previous character. Press to and Press to Press to the and Proceed You this: to the (SSID) and or wireless to the SSID displayed the LCD then the shown. Press the to You AP or Direct the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP or Direct displayed the LCD Direct these to
Protected (WPS) WPS to to Network topic: Direct Related Information Related Characters the LCD Screen If wireless router or to the using Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there button, there WPS the software the WPS to to Network topic: or Wired If wireless router or Protected (WPS) to to the Press the necessary. Press Select Select
Network Sheet You this: Select (WPS) Follow the instructions the LCD to WPS Press the If the the the of the LCD as shown. If these topic: Protected (WPS) You sheet to the of
Press the necessary. Select You this: Select Network Select Press of the buttons to the the shown the sheet to topic: or Wired To such as to or forwarding to to the You the using the the These If these Press the necessary. Select
You this: and Administration the necessary. Select Network Advanced You this: Select of the options shown then the to service necessary, to the authentication the Select OK to the and to Select to the to the topic: or Wired Related Scanning to
or Network Accessing the USB to these sections to or to Accessing the USB to to Wired Network Connecting to New Router topic: or Wired You and its operating You this built-in from or other that connected to the as information the the the IP that the On or other connected to the as browser. IP the You the options. topic: or Network Related Network If already to USB to the USB from Uninstall software.
to Wired Network Connecting to New Router Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstalling Product Software If already connected to wirelessly, to wired necessary. features. of Ethernet to the LAN the other to LAN router or Uninstall software. Download and software from the Follow the instructions to the software. the Select Wired If Select Option the first following the of the instructions. topic: or Network Related Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS If the wireless router to to the router. If switch to wireless router, the router to and router instructions.
of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstalling Product Software You to features type or to with features, of SSID and and selected the services Press the necessary. Press Select Select You this and
Select to topic: or Network
Loading Loading the the type of Loading the Loading and the Rear Loading the Loading Capacity or Software Selecting the Each Source Selecting You to this the inches the operating and the
and the front outward the then and the to the the
with the facedown and the front to the the the fits beneath the arrow the the matches the of the the If necessary, the the indicated the and the the the the
Loading and the Rear the and the the and type of the LCD follow these the recommended of first, which the facedown. or top first. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading and the Rear Loading the You or of and the feed
the and the and the outward.
If of the and the to the You of with of the as shown. this type of of the following: or and first, the of the To feeding the arrow the
first, with the facing and the to the the of the the the or too tightly. the and the
Loading the Select the and type of the LCD follow these only the recommended of sheets. first, which the or top first. the arrow the If of each or If when that curled, or too thin. the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading the You of the front feed You while from the front feed that too correctly the thickness specifications.
the and the the to the
Loading Capacity the with the facedown the partially. the straight to from Select the and type of the LCD follow these sheet first, which the facedown. or top first. the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Specifications Related Loading and the Rear Loading the and rear
type Loading inches to the arrow sheets from inches to inches Bright White inches Rear feed A4 inches inches from sheets inches to inches from inches to inches A4 inches
type Loading inches and Double-sided Thick (cardstock inches to inches You or manually the the only manually. to You manually the feed to You to feed Rear A4 inches
type Loading inches Bright White inches topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON count Bright White inches S041586 S041062 inches S041467 inches S041257 S042180 inches S041568 Double-sided A4 inches inches from inches to inches A4 inches inches S041067
Sheet count inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041982 inches S041331 topic: Loading inches S041141 S041649 inches S042109 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 S042038 S041271
or Software Selecting the Each Source this Select this or Bright White Bright White Recycled Preprinted Envelope Thick to Card The only when from they apply to topic: Loading You the and type each the the Press the button, necessary. Select
You this: Select Select the to You this: Select Select the loaded. Select Select the type loaded. OK another to or to to
Selecting topic: Loading Select that matches the loaded. this Select this Bright White Recycled Recycled Preprinted Envelope Thick to Card topic: Selecting the Source that apply to to the These locked If these
Selecting the Selecting the the topic: Loading You the the These If these Press the necessary. Select You this: and Administration the necessary.
Source You this: Select Select the Source options to Select of these Turn this to and when or to what the when memory Turn off this to and finished, the to Source topic: Selecting Select the options to Source option Rear Normal Select Normal to to the Priority On Select On to switch the selected to match the Switching or A4) the selected.
the Source option Select Copy Select On of these to from containing that matches Other Notice Notice Select On of these to when the selected type or Notice match the topic: Selecting the You the the the These If these Press the necessary. Select You this and Administration the necessary.
Universal You this Select Universal the as necessary. finished, the to topic: Selecting Select the options to Universal option Top the top or Top the top or of the back when On Select On to the This the of the when the incorrect, reduce the
Universal option Select the to when double-sided. On Select On to of automatically. topic: the
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the the You originals to this the inches
the cover.
the facedown the with the top facing the corner. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other. The of inch from the of the the cover to topic: the Product Related topics Scanning Copying You the (ADF).You the ADF to both of the originals the specifications them. originals creased or and or other that the
the ADF outward. of originals and them to the
the originals the ADF and top-edge first. The ADF the lights
the ADF the too tightly. topic: the Product Related (ADF) Specifications Related topics Scanning Copying
Copying Copying or the information to or exactly the as Copying or Copying You or and of including or the or the ADF. the to Press the necessary. Select Copy You this: To than the or and the to the of of the as necessary.
Copying Select to and necessary. Then the back Select to the LCD Select Preset to locked If or this ready to of the buttons. To copying, the or topic: Copying Related Copying Related and Scan Related topics Loading the Product Select the copying options to Not options or other copying
Copying option With around the or Also, and the and as necessary. ID Card both of ID of sheet of Select the of Source Select the that to If the selected the Custom Automatically the the Automatically the to the selected and from to another other 2-Sided Select to or 2>1-Sided Advanced and the 2>2-Sided originals or 1>2-Sided 2>1-Sided the of originals Quality Text the type of originals and the of Text Text Varying the or of
Copying option Select On to the that appear the of when copying or that appear around On when copying thick Punch Select On to the On Copy Select On to of both and On Select to the or appear the front of the when the Advanced Select advanced such as and Sharpness topic: Copying
from with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the instructions. with with OS with the Product You with as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting Selecting or ID and Selecting topic: from Select the the or photo to or
Select the You to the option the or another command. If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of the Source where the to Select the of the as the You the to
Select the of If Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the 2-Sided and the options To of or of of the the and the options To and their the options. To To as that and combined with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White On the Source Quality topic: with Related Selecting Double-sided or ID and
Source Quality You of the options the Source to the that Select Automatically selects the based the selected Selects the as the Rear Selects the the as the Selects the the front feed as the topic: Selecting You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. text and text and graphics with and High and graphics with high More that choose of and quality. topic: Selecting You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and
Selecting Double-sided sheets of to Click the to and topic: Selecting You both of the selecting of the 2-Sided options the options or other chosen or the Select of the following options 2-Sided (Long-edge to the the (Short-edge to the the Click the
You this Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the
Double-sided You this Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided topic: with Related Selecting You of the options the to Edge Select that the
Margin options that to allow Selects whether the front or back Select the and option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to the of the of coverage Increase Drying the amount of of the the other to smearing. topic: Selecting Double-sided
Selecting Additional and You of and options or the More To the of or the Reduce/Enlarge and of these options: Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or photo as the and the of as the If to the the option. Select the to option to reduce or or photo Select the the Select of the following Correction Select to the sharpness, brightness, and
Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. Select to You Universal To the following features, the that only appears when copied. This of to Click the to and the to the information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the text and location of the header or footer. To to the then the memory without printed. To the the the the cleared from the memory Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with Related or
Custom Correction You of the options the Correction to the Brightness and and tones. the selected the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects.
and Additional ICM off software software. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Text the of text to increase readability. Thin the of to increase Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or Text Black Prints text Text text background or and Prints graphics and with Text, and Prints graphics, and with Universal graphics, and Additional Prints the rotated from its
High reduce the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the options to headers or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the These with You to the following information: The user and from the topic: Selecting Additional and
Selecting to of the or More You clicking the Click the or More You the the
Selecting of the to its of Click to its or of the options the to To choose Click OK topic: with You that apply to the to Access the and right-click the the Select Click the You the
Click the You this Select of the to Click OK to the Click OK to the software topic: with You from these the EPSON and and other the of the the incorrect; reduce Thick and from smearing when or other thick
or Short from smearing when or other thick and the Thick each containing the title, and RAW Datatype Increases and other Increases when or the head as Increases when or the head and other that that text or the of to Prints graphics with Allow Applications to ICM Allows to ICM the Source Prints using the the rather than the facedown 2-Sided facedown instead of topic: Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to
You such as this Click OK or to topic: with to unauthorized of the following: Right-click and and Sound Devices and Right-click and to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click and
Click and Devices and Right-click and Click and Click and Sound then right-click and XP: Click and and Right-click and Click the Optional You to the Optional the user or the Security Click You this Select the the to lock. To
Advanced the option to each Click OK topic: with Select the options to items the to the or or the and other the text the text the or or or image-based the and other headers or footers On Allows headers and footers the text and headers and footers Allows Allows or of Allows of the On Allows both of the of sheet of Allows of of
ID and topic: If Access the ID and the to to If know the ID or Access the right-click the the and Click the Click the and Option Information Select the Access checkbox.
Selecting Click the and Click OK topic: with the apply only while that If to the Access the and right-click the the Select You the
the of the Software Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Access the and right-click the the Select You the Click the
You the Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this Access the and right-click the the Select Software
with OS You this of the following: To often the software the every To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Software Updates You with OS as these If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: from Select the the or to photo or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the expanded The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select the and If these the them They selecting from the that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the
You these Select the Source to from. Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Software Related Selecting OS or OS
Source OS Quality OS OS You of the options the Source to the that Select Automatically selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the the front as the Rear Selects the the as the topic: Selecting OS You of the Quality options to the of the type chosen. Normal text and Normal text and with and text and graphics with and Quality text and graphics with increased and Quality the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen.
Selecting OS Prints text and graphics or of the topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the Select the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS
Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS You of options or photo selecting from the the To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To invert or the the or topic: with OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the
options pre-selected or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided Select the type of as the The software automatically the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS
Double-sided and OS OS You of the options the Two-sided or to Two-sided Long-Edge to bound the of the Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided OS You the and to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the
and OS from the the The the the option selected the Select of the and OS topic: with OS You from these the and EPSON software or off ColorSync Prints using and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or red-eye sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. off software software. ICC turned off. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or
Preferences OS You this: Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the or Thick and from smearing when or other thick that that text or temporary to using when expended.
or OS Checking OS High reduce quality. Warning Notifications choose whether or to warning from the software operating bidirectional Allows the to with the the when using This to this topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS the of and
with the Universal Click the when appears the You the Select the following options as of OS X: To the and or To the and or To the and or To or To other information, or topic: or OS You with the Universal as these the Universal Universal Selecting Universal Selecting Additional and Universal Selecting Universal Selecting Universal Universal
the Universal Network topic: from The Universal such as PCL and ESC/P-R, and turned and connected to the network as the software. supported. Download the EPSON Universal from epson.com/support/wf6530 Double-click the downloaded Follow the on-screen instructions this Select Network and OK
the software finishes searching products, this: of the following: If EPSON Universal selected and with the If than found and to You and search clicking
the to and existing necessary. this option to automatically. the to from the the as the to as Click OK then the If than the products from the and to
The selected products appear the section of the Select the to the to necessary. Click OK topic: with the Universal You to the with the the the information or from the of the following: Right-click and and Sound Devices and Right-click EPSON Universal and to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click EPSON Universal and Click and Devices and Right-click EPSON and Click and Click and Sound then right-click EPSON Universal and XP: Click and and Right-click EPSON and Click the Optional
Selecting Universal You this from selected and The and other information appears the Information Click OK topic: with the Select the basic the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, EPSON Universal as the to You to or Preferences to You the of information about right-click and the Source where the to Select the of the as the You the to Select the of If
Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Grayscale To both of the of the 2-Sided To of or of of the the and the options To and their the options. To To as that and combined with other topic: with the Universal Related or Software Source Quality
Selecting Additional and You of and options or photo the More information about right-click and To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or as the and the of as the If to the the option. Select the to option to reduce or or photo the the
Select of the following Correction options: Select to the sharpness, brightness, and Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. Select to To the following features, the to Click the to and the to the information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the text and location of the or footer. To to the then the memory without printed. To the the the the cleared from the memory Select of the Additional options to topic: with the Universal Related Custom Correction and Additional
Selecting You and other optional the information about right-click and to Head Cleaning clean the head. Network search search and to the as that and combined with other of displays the You or
Universal and Option Information displays information the and optional the of the software Universal topic: with the Universal Related Head Head Cleaning You from these the Font to to the of that that text or RAW Datatype Increases and other as Increases when or the head and other Prints graphics with screening the Source Prints the the rather than the the specified the Prints the Increases when or the head Prints and using the this checkbox to the to instead. (This there enough memory the to
Selecting Universal facedown 2-Sided facedown instead of topic: Selecting Universal the apply while that If to the of the following: Right-click and and Sound Devices and Right-click EPSON Universal and Preferences to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click EPSON and Preferences Click and Devices and Right-click EPSON Universal and Preferences Click and Click and Sound right-click EPSON and Preferences XP: Click and and Right-click EPSON Universal and Preferences
Universal You the information about right-click and Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as topic: with the Universal to The following locked:
of the following: Right-click and and Sound Devices and Right-click EPSON and Preferences to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click EPSON Universal and Click and Devices and Right-click EPSON Universal and Click and Click and Sound then right-click EPSON and XP: Click and and Right-click EPSON and Click the Optional Click You this
Universal Select the the to lock. To Advanced the option to each Click OK topic: with the Select the options to text the text the or or text or image-based the and other or footers Allows headers and footers On the text and and footers Allows or of only Allows of the Allows both of the On Allows of of Allows of of topic:
Network You the Universal to and of the following: Right-click and and Sound and Right-click EPSON Universal and to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click EPSON Universal and Click and Devices and Right-click EPSON and Click and Click and Sound then right-click EPSON Universal and XP: Click and and Right-click EPSON Universal and Click the Optional
You this Click Network search the search found
You this: Select the or to Click to The selected or appear the section of the Select the to the to necessary. Click OK topic: with the Universal
Product If to the Stop topic: from
Scanning Starting Scan Starting Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning ID and Scanning or scanning, of these Scan the Product Starting Scan with or Starting Scan the Scan Scan from Scanning Starting Scan from topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You to of and using the software and connected the to or the software to from the the firewall or security software. the scanning. To the ADF and the 2-Sided
Press the necessary. Scan You this: Select of the following Scan to through Network to specified Memory USB connected to to that with allows to or You this option to to or when to USB (WSD) or (English only). To this first WSD Services Devices) the of the following, as necessary: Select the location, or as necessary. Select to choose or Select Format to choose the Select to
Scanning to Select to If or this Scanning to Scanning to Network or FTP Scanning Creating Scanning and Scan topic: Starting Scan Related Scan to and Scan Characters the LCD Screen Related topics the Product You and the You to the and correctly the You the Scan to function to and the the scanning. To the ADF and the 2-Sided Press the necessary. Select Scan
You this: Select You this: of the following: Select and choose from Select the to the and Select Format to choose the Select the and necessary, then the back to to the
Scanning to Network or FTP Select to If or this Press of the buttons. and the topic: Scan the Product Related Characters the LCD Selecting the and Related topics the Product You and to using the and correctly this the scanning. To the ADF and the 2-Sided Press the button, necessary. Select Scan
You this: Select Network You this: of the following to or FTP location: Select and choose location Select Location then the Communication Location and other the the Location of the following the Communication selected: SMB FTP ftp://host Select Format to choose the
Scanning Select the necessary, then the back to to the Select Preset to If or this Press of the buttons. and the selected location. topic: Scan the Product Related Characters the LCD Screen Selecting the and Creating Scanning Related topics the Product Select the options to scanning. Not options or the selected Scan to option. Scan to options
Scan to options Location Communication Network (SMB) or FTP Format JPEG Select Select Scan Select the originals the ADF: On the On Direction Location which to the selected the selected the PDF TIFF Select that from TIFF TIFF and white Select Select highest A4 Select with Select
Creating Scanning Scan to options Text the type of to the or of the of PDF Ratio High Select High or PDF the using the on-screen Attached the that attached to topic: Starting Scan the Product You of to to or to locations or FTP If or You to and combined (including Press the necessary. the necessary. Select Text Permissions or the the on-screen
You this: You of and necessary. Select Entry You this: of the following: To to To location to or FTP Network the to the Select the field, the displayed to the to characters), and
and Scan Select the Index Word field, the displayed to to when searching this to characters), and (This field optional.) of the following: the field, the displayed to the and network or FTP the Communication field and Network (SMB) or FTP Then the Location field, the displayed to the location, and other information as necessary. Select If to or the procedures the as topic: Starting Scan the Product Related Characters the LCD Editing or Related topics the Product You or when the option the You this the the or (OS X) or connected to the Click the from the the top of the You showing the If to or the the as necessary, and OK You the when with or the information or
Starting Scan with or If to to the selection the of the following: Click OS Click the the of the then Select the that to assign to of the pull-down You the when from the Click OK then OK topic: Starting Scan the Product with or (OS X), the the specify. You preview, and the as necessary.
of the following to or Click and Select EPSON Software then to the Apps and (other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then OS the Applications the Software and Select and click OK necessary. You this: Click the Scan
You this: With OS X, and Scan software, which features within To Scan, U.S. or If to that created instead, from the the or the button, and the of these Select to the information or If to of the following: Click Select displayed to and OK
Starting Scan the Scan OS If Scan, the Scan the Scan the top of the and the EPSON Scan Click the Scan Select to and OK Click Scan You of the or the and them as necessary. Click of the Destination to choose where to You to the arrow to the to of them. The the software Select as necessary, then OK or to the topic: Starting Scan Related topics the Product You the Scan to and the to Click and Select EPSON Software then EPSON Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan EPSON or EPSON Software (other Click or and or Select EPSON or EPSON Software and EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR
scanning software. To Scan, U.S. or You Scan this: topic: Scan
Starting Scan from Scanning Related Scanning with OS ID and Scanning Related topics the Product You Scan from to and the the With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly.
You Scan this: Scan when first topic: Starting Scan
Starting Scan from Selecting Scan Scan Related ID and Scanning Related topics the Product You from the You the to or service, or connected to the wireless as Download the from or from the the and Select the and to or location. topic: Starting Scan Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of
Selecting the Scan Scanning Office Office You text and them You options and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan topic: Selecting Scan Office Scan PDF operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the
You this Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, If using the ADF, from the
the and that match To both of Stitch To the Stitch ADF-Double-sided as the Source To allow Scan to and Correct To Select the that matches the to Click the button. Scan and displays the If using the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose ADF-Double-sided as the Source Click the and of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Office Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related
Source Office Selecting Scan Office Scan Related Selecting Scan Scanning Professional You these Source options Scan Office Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Double-sided Selects the as the location where the originals Automatically where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Office You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the To of the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Office You these options Scan Office other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and text the from the graphics.
Scanning Professional the red, or the that that text or Edge Corrects around the of the the with the select. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan PDF operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the
You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF Double-sided If the ADF, from the Select the type of scanning as the or the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If using the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose ADF-Double-sided as the Source Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to You chose ADF-Double-sided as the Source Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Professional
Source Professional Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan Scanning Office You these Source options Scan Professional Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Double-sided Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or
Selecting Scan Professional topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the
of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Professional To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the To the of the icons. If the the the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not other chosen. the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the
Click the to Click the or (OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. the red, or the Edge Corrects around the of the the with the select. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only.) Click the histogram to the Tone Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced users only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the
Selecting Scan Professional the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the users only.) Click the to the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The only the of the that scanned.
To that the the option. You this the the and OK Then the the The
Scan To the or (OS X) to the and options as or the or off. Unlock Unlocks the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the using the as There of the and selected thumbnail displays as thumbnails with the and selected. Normal displays their the and other manually. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the Scan's to increase the
You the its image-editing Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the the to Print/convert to (OCR): topic: Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan of the following to the which to Click the of the displayed
Click the Other the or button, and If to the and the options Select the to the Format If optional the to them. of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK If selected PDF or as the this Scan Choose of the following If only If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, click
Scanned and Optional If to or the or the the that appear the of the editing finished, OK If OCR Character the to the the and the necessary. Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from of and optional the Scan. JPEG that the higher the the the (The TIFF recommended when to or TIFF when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite with the
Scanning with OS this Select to the appear Scan Select to or OS to the where scanning. If the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS X, with image-editing such as With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED the necessary. (You to the DEVICES or SHARED and If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary.
Scan OS If the ADF, the scanned, the Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You these OS X, Correction graphical interface brightness, tint, and Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. and reduce topic: Scanning with OS
Scanning Scanning to SharePoint or Service software offers options to Scanning to SharePoint or Service Scanning as topic: Scanning You to to SharePoint or service. of the following to Click and Select EPSON Software then to the Apps and (other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then OS the Applications the Software and Select and OK necessary.
You this: Click the Scan Select displayed to the information or Click Scan You of the or Click of the service Destination to choose where to only)
Scanning as Microsoft SharePoint only) You to the arrow to the to of them. The the software Select Destination The the software the information or other as necessary, and originals and to the indicated You to SharePoint or service. You the when with or or when the option the topic: Scanning You only) to originals as You where the to or the of The the software the information with or where to of the following to Click and EPSON Software then to the Apps and
(other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then You this Click the Scan Select displayed to the information Click Scan You of the the and Batch Click Select Apply Separation and Separation Select the to the and OK
ID and Scanning Select other from the as and OK other from the Batch as and OK originals as specified. You originals as You the when with or when the option the topic: Scanning If Access the ID and to You the ID and Scan If know the ID or of the following to Scan Click and Select EPSON then EPSON Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan Click the Access user and Click OK topic: Scanning
Connecting Telephone or these sections to This allows to telephone numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and using the or (PS3) software with the the buttons or the included with the software. To the software, to epson.com/support/wf6530 Connecting Telephone or and Reports You to to or If to the telephone to telephone or to phone If telephone to to
to telephone and to the LINE If DSL or ISDN the DSL or ISDN or router to the to to the or DSL or ISDN the
DSL Telephone DSL DSL
ISDN ISDN or ISDN router
If connecting telephone or to the from the EXT
phone to telephone or and to the EXT If and to the of to that higher than the of phone or to the EXT to incoming when the with or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: Related Automatically
Selecting Country or with header and the to If of to the and Selecting Advanced the the OS topic: these sections to the to the features. Selecting Country or Selecting the and the Selecting the the of to topic: faxing, the country or which using If the country or to their and them This If or this Press the button, necessary.
Select and Administration the necessary. Select Common and Country/Region or necessary, and country or You If the correct, (If and retry.) the country or the to the topic:
Selecting the and faxing, the and daylight phase and choose and This If or this Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary.
Select Common Select You this: Daylight Select the that to winter or Daylight (DST) or and Daylight (DST) If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock hour. from to its clock back hour. Select
the Select the to the to the Select the to the to the topic: You the using the This when the turned the first You these individually from the These If or these Press the necessary.
and Administration the necessary. and and The appears. Select On the the to the such as or business You to characters. On the the displayed to to characters. The and the header the of the On the Distinctive of the following: If to distinctive service from telephone Proceed Select the to incoming or On to If distinctive service, and to the Distinctive services allows to phone phone assigned You and another Select the assigned to the DRD If On or other than to
Selecting the On the of the following: If connected telephone or to the and to the If telephone or and to to otherwise On the to or to manually. If and to automatically, the to correct. If to manually, to and the or phone to On the Confirm the and Proceed or the back to the On the and follow the on-screen instructions to the and of the If there reported, the the and the If the Select appears, the type. If the Select Detection appears, the tone function the first of and the to the topic: Related Characters the LCD If the to PBX phone or the type. PBX Branch office where such as to The PSTN Switched Telephone which This If can't or this
Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. and Select Select Select PBX
the of to You this: Select Access the to the such as and OK topic: If and to automatically, the to correct. The of should higher than the of to This If or this Press the necessary.
Select and Administration the necessary. and Select
Selecting Advanced Select to Select the of and OK to higher than the of to every than the the tones and If the and hear that the the then the topic: You of advanced These If or these Press the necessary.
Select and Administration the necessary. and You this:
Select the of to change. Security topic: the to faxing. the and of outgoing Automatically the of outgoing Select this option when black-and- white text from the the A5 A4 ADF 2-Sided Select On to from the ADF. The Direct option and On when this
Direct Select On to black-and-white to without the to On memory; when or to Continuous Scan from Select On to the to to ADF another the ADF On finished when to reports Not topic: Selecting Advanced the options to outgoing Batch Sorts outgoing the memory and them as batch. On that to the memory; them from the On topic: Selecting Advanced the options to incoming whether incoming should printed; telephone connected to the Automatically and
Distinctive If Distinctive Service phone or phone to the and to each. If this service, the of the of Select that this service. to to the of If to and connected to the this higher than the of to Remote using phone instead of operating the the On to On If using with its connected to the the the using the topic: Selecting Advanced the options to incoming If to the memory. or them to the memory from other options they temporarily the memory.
Other memory and to incoming the memory; the the LCD and them. to Select and to to and automatically; FAX to Memory incoming to connected USB and to to the and incoming to as as and to and (black-and-white only) Reduction On Select to reduce the of received to the the selected Select to incoming their sheets, Rotation On If On to landscape-oriented incoming that they correctly the On Select On to incoming that the the low-memory Select On to to of or reports and On the memory; memory to Selects whether or when to incoming Not
to include of the reports Prints with of the first Direct the On(Every Prints the or On(Time) Prints the using the the LCD Format Selects the amount of information reports topic: Selecting Advanced the options to incoming and outgoing Fast(33,600bps) the which and Medium(14,400bps) Slow(9,600bps) ECM On Correction (ECM) to or received off Correction (ECM); or Detection On Automatically the when the tone off tone which the connected to PBX Branch or TA the to the first of
Security PSTN Selects phone Switched Telephone PBX Selects Branch the type of office where such as to Select to the header information and inclusion outgoing topic: Selecting Advanced the security options to Direct Restrictions On Allows to the or history to to Confirm Selects whether or to On Select to Clear Automatically or from memory On Clear or received memory; this function or of topic: Selecting Advanced
the You header and the FAX of the following: Click and then EPSON Software to the Apps (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this Select (Select prompted.)
the OS You this Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX option. topic: You header and the FAX OS X. the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Double-click FAX necessary.
and the Product You this Select FAX the Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX topic: You of and their them faxing. You to to the Product Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS topic: You and using the
Creating If or Creating Editing or Creating Editing or topic: and Related Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS You of to numbers. You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select You this: Select the necessary.
You this: You this: You of and necessary. Entry Select the to the
Editing or You this: the field, the displayed to the to characters), and Select the Word field, the to to when searching this to characters), and (This optional.) Select the field, and the the LCD or the the to the You to characters. If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the instead of the the necessary. Select topic: the Product You or of the Press the necessary. Select
You this: Select the necessary. You this: Select the the to or
Creating You this: of the following: To the and the To the the item to the information, and finished editing, topic: Contacts the Product You of that easily to You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select You this:
Select the necessary. Select You this: You of and necessary. Select the to the You this: Select the field, the to the to characters) and Select the Word field, the displayed to to when searching to characters) and (This optional.)
Editing or Select Proceed You Select the to each to include group. appears to each selected Select topic: the Product You existing to or You the group. Press the button, necessary. Select You this: Select the necessary.
Speed/Group the You this: Select the the to or You this: of the following: To the group, To the group, Proceed then the to the to or finish, topic: the Product You and the FAX The from the and back memory.
You to and combined. of the following: Click and EPSON Software to the Apps (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this Select (Select prompted.)
You this Select Dial/Group
You this Select and the To and the To and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the as to or finished, the to the to memory. topic: Contacts and Related topics the Product
Speed/Group the OS You and the FAX Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Dial/Group
You this To entry. To and the information. To entry, and the of the following: To and and OK To numbers, and OK the previous as necessary to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics the Product
from the Product the or History these sections to from the Product the the OS topic: these sections to the the or History from Connected Telephone topic: You from the or selecting the from the or history. You black-and-white to to or to If black-and-white. The to black-and-white You or the the the faxing. Press the necessary.
Select To the ADF and the ADF Sided (You of the following to Manually Press the field, and the To another this You the the to If restricted, only the from the or history. If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the instead of the Select from the Select to the Select the to or the to You the Search field to search or Select Proceed when finished. Select from the history Select History to the history. Select from the and to this To the field, the to and from the If to and
If to black-and-white the LCD, (If the incorrect, Retry the or the and this If the seconds, the automatically. You when the Direct Once as If to and entry. If to to sounds or (such as while On and follow the on-screen You the the or buttons. Press of the buttons. To faxing, the Stop You the or the from the and to necessary. the and the to its memory. If the option that to to the memory and them from the topic: from the Product Related Selecting the and Scan Related topics and the Product While and these options from the You these options the
the and of outgoing Automatically the of outgoing when black-and-white text from the the A5 A4 ADF 2-Sided Select On to from the ADF; the Direct option and On Direct Select On to black-and-white to without the to On memory; when or to Priority Select On to the other to On Continuous Scan from Select On to the to to ADF another the ADF On finished when to reports Not topic: from the Product
You of choice. the and correct. You black-and- white when this option. the faxing. Press the necessary. Select To the ADF and the ADF Sided or or History and Select Select Select On Select the displayed the LCD to and OK Press of the buttons. To faxing, the Stop the and the the specified
If the turned off the specified the when topic: from the Product Related Related Selecting the and Related topics and the Product You to black-and-white and when another Other users the and using the function their the faxing. Press the necessary. Select Select Select Polling and On If to and Press the B&W
and overwrite or You only overwrite the existing You from the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product You to black-and-white and whenever necessary. the faxing. Press the necessary. Select Select Select and On If to and Press the B&W scanned, and ready to the the
from Connected Telephone You this: Select Communication Select the to Select and You only overwrite the existing You from the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product If connected to the EXT the from the connected telephone. If the and the to the the the faxing. Press the necessary.
the the from the connected to the necessary. If the and to the the Select the LCD Select with the the telephone. hear of the buttons to the If and-white. the telephone. topic: from the Product Related Related Connecting Telephone or Related topics the Product You from You to including cover the to and the command.
You this: with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to Click or OK
If the first this information that the of the Then OK to the information.
the OS You this: the and or from the then Next instructions the FAX Utility, Select cover and and then Next Click to topic: You from OS the FAX Utility. You to including cover the to
Select the You to the option the or another command. Select FAX option as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the Select the of as the the to Select from the
You this of the following to choose Select or from the and and the Click the and from Select from the
Reception You this Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Automatically Manually topic: and when the to
Manually If connected telephone to the phone and to manually. This allows to tone the telephone and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to topic: To automatically, to (the the To the necessary, Administration If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or topic: Related references Related Manually You to manually the to This tone the connected Select Administration and the connected telephone the If hear the LCD Select Press of the to the
the telephone. topic: Related references Related Automatically You to another or the PDF and them to the or to You to another from the memory. this the and correctly, the forwarding the and the Press the necessary. Select
and Administration the necessary. Select and If to the forwarding and Select Other Select Where to Select to forwarding from the Select to type. finish, Proceed Confirm the displayed and Select Select the option to the or them the If forwarding to to to If forwarding to the or forwarding correctly to the the to or to option. If forwarding to the FAX to whenever received.
topic: Related Selecting the and Starting Scan the Product Related topics and You to from another (such as information service). You to from information service that Select On and follow the displayed instructions to to the Press the necessary. You this: Select Polling and On the to the from. Press of the buttons to the topic:
Checking You memory and them the LCD To this first to Inbox the The If the Press the necessary. the the LCD It there or the memory. Select Inbox the necessary. Select the to You the displayed the Select Select of the options and follow the on-screen instructions. or them to the memory from the memory or topic: You the of or that or Press the
Reports You this: of the following: To the of and the to To the history of that or received, History or and the to To that the memory, and topic: You from reports to whenever necessary. You the turning the Press the necessary. Select
You this: Select and the to topic: Select the or to of the or the that or through of the currently the memory. Trace the previous or received topic: Reports
or from USB or Connecting and USB or You and from USB or other such as the with the Connecting and USB or Disconnecting USB and From the LCD USB Related references USB Specifications USB Specifications You and from USB or other such as or the turned the of the the with the memory from the USB or the USB that with the USB the front of that the OK the light the flashing, then or from the the USB or turn off the when the light flashing, or the
USB Specifications Disconnecting USB USB Specifications topic: or from USB or Related USB Specifications You USB with containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to to 2GB of JPEG: to topic: Connecting and USB or with USB follow these to If connected to USB of the following: the This PC or Then right-click the of USB as and OS the USB from the the USB completing the or from the the USB of the USB the front of the topic: or from USB or TIFF RGB or PDF TIFF: to PDF: to
and From the LCD JPEG these sections to and or other LCD JPEG TIFF and PDF topic: or from USB or You JPEG as them the LCD Press the necessary. Memory Select JPEG You this: If than JPEG the and first the to of the following to To the thumbnail of the to then the the or or the LCD to the of to Press the or right arrow to through and or the back to to the thumbnail and another photo.
TIFF and PDF To To the its thumbnail and the and the back To the and the finished, the back ready to of the buttons. To the Stop topic: and From the LCD Related You and TIFF or PDF from USB Press the necessary. Select Memory Select TIFF or PDF You of the Select the to You information about the Select Proceed the following as necessary: To than the the or or the LCD to the of to To the and the necessary finished, the back Select Proceed
ready to of the buttons. To the Stop topic: and From the LCD Related references Select the options to when and displayed the LCD options On Automatically the brightness, and of the based the Advanced Detection that selected off below P.I.M. PRINT Matching or Red-Eye This Automatically the red-eye On This On sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: and From the LCD
USB Select the to when from USB Not options or the options Source the that the and and type type to Quality the highest Prints the the the the On Automatically the photo to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to 2-Sided On On to PDF You the Margin and necessary. Top Select the TIFF or PDF First Top topic: and From the LCD You to and from USB the USB the front of From from USB to topic: or from USB or
From from to USB the USB the front of to the USB this or from the These If these Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. Select Select Memory Interface You this: Memory to Select Select the connected to the USB or Network topic: USB Related Disconnecting USB
from USB to You to and from USB the USB the front of and connected to to and from USB while from the connected to USB the USB the front of of the following to USB from the This PC or then the OS with USB the then OS with Select the or from the the SHARED section of the to the to the and the USBSTORAGE Select the that the to to the or USB LCD to information about USB to or from and the USB to the information. topic: USB Related Connecting and USB or
Cartridges and Cartridge and Checking Cartridge and the LCD Screen The that flushed from the head cleaning. or the the of its service life, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of and and with If would to and to please to information. Cartridge and Purchase Cartridges and Removing and Cartridges with Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with the and its software know when or expended, or when the to replaced. Checking Cartridge and the LCD Checking Cartridge and with Checking Cartridge and with OS topic: Cartridges and of the the LCD and the light flashes. expended, the and the light You the the of the and Press the Select Information
Checking Cartridge and with You this: The and displayed the of the The displayed and information, the the of the topic: Cartridge and Related Removing and Cartridges the appears to when and or To the the the and
You this or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences
You this the the of the To offers, the checkbox. Click OK topic: Cartridge and Related and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge and with OS the You the of and using the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select EPSON You this
Purchase Cartridges and Cartridge and the following as necessary: You the and clicking or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge and Related and Cartridges the You purchase boxes, and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON This only Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge and topic: Cartridges and these when or purchase or T671200 within months
Removing and Cartridges Standard-capacity High-capacity Black 748XL 748XL 748XL 748XL topic: Purchase Cartridges and You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If or expended, appears and which to replaced. the front cover.
the that to The slightly. the of the of the or try to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of
the from the the the the the the head and to Gently the about seconds as shown.
or or the the and clicks If the option the LCD to the correctly. If that incorrectly, the clicks finished, the front cover. The charging the and to its when finished. off the If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the or surrounding with the facing topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase Cartridges and
with Black and Cartridges with Cartridges expended, temporarily from the as as You with with Cartridges with Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges and If that temporarily with and to or To this Click or to If the appears another to the the or Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK displays Click Black to topic: with Black and Cartridges
with Cartridges OS If and to with or Click the the If that temporarily with the or to If OK If the appears another to the the the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or You this: Select On as the temporary Click OK the
Conserving Black with or Access the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the option. Click to topic: with Black and Cartridges The following appears when and there The appears when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to the the Click this to using the If this topic: Cartridges and
the that and than the from sunlight. the the from its the the the the or the cover (D1).
the as shown and of its the or Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right the of the reach of children and the the the that with the the and of
the the and the the cover (D1). topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase Cartridges and
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the You them them You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges and You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the there the LCD of the
Press the necessary. Select You this: Select Head You this: Press the The
the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there If there or the Clean the Head and Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary. off the or the front cover cleaning or to If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related topics Loading
Checking the You the head using or there the LCD sheets of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select You this: Click
Head Cleaning the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related topics Loading If and the the head. You clean the head expended, and to clean when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head
Cleaning the Head the Product Related and Cartridges You clean the head the there the LCD of the Press the necessary. Select Select You this: Select Head Cleaning You this:
Cleaning the Head Press the to the head. the cleaning finished, the off the or the front cover cleaning or to Select Press the to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Cleaning the Head Related topics Loading You the head or there the LCD of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select Head Cleaning
You this: Click to the cleaning off the or the front cover cleaning or to the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head
Head the Head the Product head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If of the or and to replaced. If cleaning the head to least hours without Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Cleaning the Head the Product Related topics Loading If become or blurry, of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product topic: Quality You the head the there the LCD sheets of the Press the necessary.
Select Select You this: Select Head of the following: If If blurry, If Follow the on-screen instructions to while head the the sheet and of the following: If the of the with the least
Cleaning the If the of the each the LCD If the of the with the least amount of or the LCD topic: Head Related topics Loading If the back of the to If correctly from the cleaning to the of the following: If smeared or scuffed, the that to this inches If feed correctly from the feed the cleaning that with the Press the necessary. Select
Select You this: and Cleaning Select the the to clean. Press the of the following: If as necessary the clean.. If cleaning these to If the cleaning cleaning the the other topic: Quality
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product these sections to clean or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should or thinner to clean the or or other the or Turn off the the cord. connected the from the
Clean the and the the with cloth (microfiber recommended) with cleaner. directly the and the with force. If appear the or clean the the
the and the ADF cover (F).
Transporting Product lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended) to the and the of the ADF. Clean the and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these or people to the
the as shown other the to or to when the the installed; otherwise the vertically, or turning otherwise the Removing the the head and the from expended, or to the head from cool, Turn off the the cord. connected the from the there originals the the and
If the the its or with cushioning around the the protects the the If when clean and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Related the Head the Product and Cartridges
Checking Software these sections to using Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality USB Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. the U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the or the or Apps of
Product OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software topic: You with the its LCD You the to the If the the to the from LCD Turn the off and Turn the off and then back If the and or protective from the If the displayed, The or authorized service Non-printing such as XX of Turn the off and then back the You from another indicated XX The to nearing the of their service life. performance. correctly from the when the the of their service life.) XX the to the of their service life. You to the following the indicated the LCD cartridge(s).
LCD tone detected. the phone connected correctly and the phone If the to PBX Branch or the to PBX If off the Tone Detection (Turning off the Detection the to the first of to the the following reasons: occurred or the incoming the or memory Combination of IP and There with the to Recovery occurred firmware USB and downloading the from the If topic: Related references Where to Related Checking Software Removing and Cartridges Selecting the Connecting Telephone or Related topics or Wired If occurred, the and Information to of the To whether the button, and then Communication To or memory to the
If successfully, the Press the History and the the to the and information. The turned off Memory the of the Collated to of memory. the of the or to of memory. If the of the simplifying the reducing the of graphics or the and of the to of memory. the of the from the to authentication and the canceled. when the turned off. The already The the memory the of the The memory You individually, or and them to free memory The disconnected the then The the phone connected correctly and the phone If connected the to PBX Branch or the to PBX If off the Detection (Turning off the Detection the to the first of
The then try The then The incorrectly connected to the LINE and EXT the phone correctly. The connected. the phone The to of the specified to which to the If the turned from the There enough to the the memory Clear the or The memory write-protected. write protection. the or memory The memory the occurred while to memory the memory or The memory finished processing. DNS occurred. the DNS the or DNS the from the DNS option the authentication occurred. the from the occurred. the or If selected as the authentication to the authentication
The the the Increase the Attached the or the of the The memory Retry other finished. authentication occurred. the Location occurred. the Location or the with the already the the or the There enough the specified Increase the the specified or reduce the of the The or the the Location occurred while the the connected to the correctly. There enough the the from the specified The found the information to the the Select the occurred while the occurred. the connected to the or correctly. or the firewall or security software. authentication occurred. the the selected the Where to the
Product occurred. It that with the or the read-only the the the selected the Where to the the or read-only protection. There enough the forwarding Increase the the The or the the the selected the Where to the topic: Related Selecting the Connecting Telephone or Related topics or Wired operating properly. interface connected to the Press the necessary. Select Select
You this: Select Head You this: Press the The of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they
topic: If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them This If or this Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. and You this: Select of these Network Copy copying. Scan scanning. faxing. Clear and including the You Select to the selected (Select to the operation.)
Product Not Turn On or Software topic: these sections while Product Not Turn On or Software topic: If the or off, these If the securely connected and the If off the If off the cord, the back then turn and off the topic: If hear from the following: The first the the charge its head. charging finishes off the or charge improperly and the If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: If while software, try these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating
Network Product to Router or other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software If properly the topic: these or or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network topic: If or to wireless router or these If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the LCD or appear, of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. to within of router or microwave or such as If wireless router, the router to and router instructions.
Network Software Product Network that router or operating correctly to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security using and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless of the and to necessary. If using Direct that the If necessary, the existing from and instructions. If connected to Direct and selected Access low-priority the or the and the to of the topic: Network If these turned and connected to (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. connected to If necessary, software and to their factory only: software.
Product Not Appear OS Network router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the the instructions the If router, software to to the router. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. If the wirelessly and the with LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network If these that turned software as network and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then
If TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If slow, and the strength. If to router or microwave or such as If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function. If the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of pressing the WPS router. wired LAN router or to the LED the to which connected or flashing. If the LED off, the following: the Ethernet securely connected to and to router, switch, or to or router, switch, or with Ethernet to from another the If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. If connecting the and the appear the LCD, software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network
Scan Network If Scan these If from the software. the firewall or security software. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. If high If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan the and the using Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the to Network then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the If the (Access ID and to If know the ID or the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network
Copying Product Nothing Product It While Not From the these copying with Product Nothing Product It While From the topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the software correctly. topic: Copying This topic: Copying If originals when the ADF, these the ADF appears the LCD If the the and of originals the ADF. the originals correctly. cleaning the of the ADF. topic: these sections with
the (A) the Rear (B1) the (B2) the (C1) the Rear (D1) the (F) Ejection topic: If feeding these If feed from the or then the the the the the or rear If feed from the cleaning the cleaning to the the If feed once, the the to the sheets, and If to once, the the Administration than the recommended of sheets. the specifications If when both of the sheets. the and type the If the front cover closed. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with the Follow instructions that with the topic:
the (A) If the front cover, follow the to clear the the necessary. the front cover. including torn to the to to
the Rear (B1) the (B2) the front cover. Follow the the LCD screen to clear If the other If torn of the clearing the topic: If the rear feed the topic: If the front feed follow the to clear the the necessary. the
the and the the to the cover.
the (C1) the the cover. the and the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: If the follow the to clear the the necessary.
the the
the Rear Cover (D1) follow instructions and the the as Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: If the follow the to clear the the necessary. cover (D1).
the cover (D2).
the (F) from the (D2). cover (D1). Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: If with the (ADF), follow the to clear the the necessary. originals from the ADF.
the and the ADF cover.
the ADF cover, then the cover.
the cover. the ADF input and the ADF input the ADF its originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic:
Ejection from Nothing Prints If with ejecting properly, these If the to the Select the when If when it or too thin. and to the type when topic: these sections while from AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Nothing Prints Product Not Appear topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. If the enough memory. the or the the and the following: or or as necessary.
Product Not Appear the and the offline. the and the as the necessary. OS X, Preferences from the Apple or Scan or then to or as necessary. If the restriction (Access ID and to If know the ID or OS X, to the user restriction If AirPrint, with the using topic: from If the first restarting If that this of the following: Right-click and and Sound Devices and to the Apps and and Sound and Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the button. Select EPSON then OK Click the Preferences
Click the the option that the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and If using OS X, and the turned off. Clear or to free existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. the increased Click the or or and and the following High RAW Datatype as topic: from
and Inverted Too these sections with the or of using AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and that the or software topic: and If unexpectedly, these selected the and software.
Incorrect Margins Printout Incorrect Characters Incorrect or If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the Click the the and If connected to USB directly to instead. If the printed, the characters. If incorrect characters appear using topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. selected the the
Printout Quality White or Printout correctly feeding the Clean the and cover. You the option software to topic: and If these the the of the Select higher software. Turn off high software. the head. the while or topic: and these sections with AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: If white or try these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary.
Blurry or Smeared Printout the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly with or the specifications to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly If thick or the Thick from the or Thick and the of the software. (Turning this the smeared selecting the Thick and the Short the of the software. each from the output as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. the and/or Increase Drying If smeared, the the to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head.
Printout or Printout Printout Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality If try these the of the correctly Select higher and off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software from the and high If the to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the
Incorrect Colors Scanning the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to topic: Quality If incorrect these the type matches the loaded. the Black/Grayscale or selected software. If selected or (OS X) as the the software, selecting or Normal (OS X) instead. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the to as the this the than To top of each other. exactly match on-screen to as as using the options software. and topic: Quality these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic:
Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning If Scan, these turned and interface securely connected both Scan selected power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the Scan Click and Select EPSON then EPSON Scan the selected, then the to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the button. OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the
Scanned Quality Consists of of Scan If both and If operating Scan, If the restriction (Access ID and to If know the ID or With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: If consists only of these facing the If the Scan Black White the Threshold and
of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges topic: Scanned Quality If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality If appears or these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that its these Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality If thick or its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality
Too of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors If too these these Scan and Brightness the and of topic: Scanned Quality If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and it topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the matching and of and the software using to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with of the the Correction
Scan Not Scanned Cropped or the topic: Scanned Quality If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality these with or with Telephone Connected to Product Memory Appears Quality Incorrect Quality Not Printed topic: If or try these If displayed the the the If from the FAX to the turned and correctly
header information and ID. might rejected the If restriction to user and If telephone to the to automatically. that the telephone to LINE or software to the that the connecting phone to and testing If there tone and the to PBX Branch phone or the to PBX If off the off the tone (Turning off the tone the to the first of If connected to DSL DSL to the phone to the DSL the If off correction and lowering the correction (ECM) turned trying to or If telephone and off to of incoming If to forwarding service, the to service inbox and reading or them. If the inbox the If specified the and correctly the the off while the
with Telephone Connected to Product Memory Appears If connected to phone that to that when using If phone includes services, or service. topic: If when telephone connected to these telephone connected to EXT the to that the LCD displays that topic: If that the memory try these If the to the memory or already read. If the to turn the selected Once the the they from the memory. If the to memory the selected memory containing the to the Once the the memory they from the memory. the memory enough memory and write protected. If the memory using the Direct or batches. If the to such as the memory appear. Clear then the to the topic:
Quality Incorrect Quality If the these Clean the Clean the ADF. the the the the If to the the Direct If high-resolution without using the Direct the the the correction (ECM) topic: If incorrect these If using the correctly the and that the selected the Clean the and cover. topic: If these the correction (ECM) the and them to the higher reprinting the topic:
Not Printed USB or from USB USB If printed, try these the clear of The occurred with the such as If the to the memory or printed. the the and necessary. topic: these using USB with or from USB USB To or From USB topic: If or or from USB these memory the with the the the topic: USB If USB these To USB to the the the write-protected. the enough memory
To or From USB Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software the with the topic: USB If to or from USB these with the securely connected to that the correctly. topic: USB If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the Disconnect interface of the following: Right and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the to the Apps and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change
Uninstalling Product Software OS If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the (other Click or and or EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall and Uninstall the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: Uninstall Product Software to software However, the from the to software as If that software
Where to To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the Scan or and the to topic: Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following options. (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the
Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to this information to OS Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3
OS Scanning Specifications 2012R2 2008R2 2003R2 (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications type Photoelectric CIS Effective inches
(ADF) Specifications Specifications Scanning to and Color: Light LED topic: Technical Specifications A6 inches type to feeding capacity thickness: inch topic: Technical Specifications type black-and-white and (ITU-T telephone to to Black and white: or inches Approximately PBX Branch
Specifications memory to (ITU-T chart (with country or Interface RJ-11 topic: Technical Specifications Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Single-sheets and distributed to inches RJ-11 Telephone Thick to
Printable Specifications to topic: Technical Specifications the shown sheets Top/bottom/sides: inch Reduced area/top: inch Reduced area/bottom: inches
Cartridge Specifications inch Top/bottom: inch Reduced area/right: inches Reduced inch topic: Technical Specifications that and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Black Cartridge months Unopened the the
Specifications Specifications to F to C) within months of the topic: Technical Specifications inches inches inches Approximately (without or cord) topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to Rated Rated to month F C) F C) thaws and hours F C) inches inches inches
Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications (with USB copying: (ISO/IEC24712) Ready topic: Technical Specifications to F to C) to RH (without to RH topic: Technical Specifications Interface type USB the of externally connected topic: Technical Specifications with the following Dedicated Security USB off to F to C) month F C) USB USB
Network Interface Specifications only with AC that USB recommended. the operation of externally connected 1.3GB and USB 2TB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or topic: Technical Specifications IEEE with IEEE or IEEE purchase location Security WEP Coordination WPA2-PSK (AES); with WPA2 with WPA/WPA2 IEEE Direct; IEEE Direct AP with or Ethernet
and Specifications Ethernet IEEE802.3i (10BASE-T) Communication Connector RJ-45 or higher STP (shielded twisted to of interference. Security IEEE802.1X; IEEE802.1X SSL/TLS: HTTPS or IPPS STARTTLS (SMTPS) topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6320-D69 (RoHS) (100BASE-TX) (1000BASE-T) connected should EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from non-recommended of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. This with FCC/IC forth and the FCC (RF) C to OET65 and RSS-102 of the IC (RF) This should and operated that the least inches or from wrists, and topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Instructions Product Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products Instructions FCC Copyright Notice and follow these instructions. Product Instructions Cartridge Instructions Wireless Instructions Telephone Instructions LCD Instructions topic: Notices to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the near outlet where the easily the outlet the as photo or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or to and top of and allow to or to the straight each
If with the the rating of the the the Also, the rating of the the turn off the the and the light flashing the or off to the If using the the from the the that its It properly it or Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or or the the heat or sunlight. enough around the or cover the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. connecting the to or other with the of the Each the both connected the the white the the head hand; this the the or the with products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the section while the scanning, or other to when closing the cover or as specifically to service the yourself.
Cartridge Instructions the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. the installed. the the head and the from the that the head the right) and the or transporting the its or turn otherwise topic: Instructions of the reach of children and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or immediately Leaving the head and the from or tear the the this the from the of the This the to become the the of the when from the the IC the of the This operation. their this them to If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the its This the head. cool,
Instructions Telephone Instructions LCD Instructions from allow to least three hours with their facing upward. topic: Instructions waves from this the operation of or such as or fire using this such or facility, follow the from authorized the facility, and follow and the to causing topic: Instructions using should follow to reduce the of fire, shock, and injury, including the following: the telephone There of shock from telephone to the of the To reduce the of fire, AWG or cord. topic: Instructions cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. too the LCD or such as or to the LCD topic: Instructions
FCC United States This with of the FCC and the adopted the Council ("ACTA") On the of this that other information, the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. If this to the telephone Applicable Universal Service ("USOC") the RJ11C. and to this to the and comply with the FCC and the ACTA. telephone and with this It to connected to that instructions The REN to the of that connected to telephone the to incoming areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the telephone products July the REN this of the that the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the If this to the telephone the telephone that temporary of service required. isn't the telephone the as as Also, of right to with the FCC necessary. The its operations or procedures that the operation of the If this the telephone to to service. If with this and technical or please www.epson.com information. This to repaired the If this to telephone please America, Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: If the causing to the the telephone that the the
This service the telephone to service to the service or information. If specially wired connected to the the installation of this If about what telephone or The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or (The telephone or other which charges or charges.) to this information the below instructions header information. According to the FCC's advisory, that AC the AC to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded
interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) (IES) interface interface tous CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices EPSON EPSON and TM of Corporation. SM service of Inc. TM and Remote TM of Corporation. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. and the of Apple Inc. and TM TM TM Chrome TM TM TM and TM of Inc. Direct of Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those
Copyright Notice Concerning of Copyrighted topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each to and of the copyright when While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice
Products Copyright Attribution This of This to that the of efficiency. More achieved the to to shorter topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-42744 topic: Copyright Notice