WF-4630/WF-4640
Product the these sections to learn about the features of the Product Locations and Other and these sections to learn about the and and Lights and the LCD Sounds the Brightness Turning the topic: Product
and Lights The this the WF-4630. The instructions apply to both the WF-4630 and WF-4640 otherwise noted. The and light The The The The Stop The LCD The back The and lights The The C clear The B&W The Information
Information Information topic: the the LCD Press to or the information or instructions, such as or the (ADF). One or of the or the nearly Press the to the Information and the of the One or of the or the Press the to the Information and the of the Unread or the If the to received or this that the or memory memory already or printed. If the to received or the or the to the or Ethernet processed. Ethernet Ethernet established.
Information occurred or the searching established. The of the strength. established. Direct established. AP established. topic: and Lights Press the the to the and Function the of and that occurred with the Select the from the to the the and to processed. History the history and the history. Select Inbox to the history. topic: and Lights
and the You to the following and them from information the Press the necessary. Select You this: and Select Select
You this: the to and to confirm. Select OK Select and On the locked, the to of the If Characters the LCD topic: the
Characters the LCD Follow these to characters and other To the or To the of To the previous character, To or To topic: and the You and as This easily them whenever necessary. If or Press the necessary. Select the necessary.
You this: Select New Select the function which to You the that function, such as the Copy Select the to and
LCD You this: the displayed to the and Select or the selecting and selecting from the topic: and the Related Characters the LCD You the the LCD This If or this Press the necessary. Select
Sounds You this: and Administration Select Common and Select topic: the You the sound heard when the This If or this Press the necessary. Select
the Brightness You this: and Administration Select Common Select Sound Select Press Press to or to increase the sound. Select OK to topic: the You the of the LCD Press the necessary. Select
Turning the You this: and Administration Select Common Select LCD Brightness the brightness selecting or the and right arrow buttons. Select OK to topic: the The the LCD to to the of inactivity. This off. This If or this Press the necessary. Select
Product Locations You this: and Administration Select Common and Select topic: the these sections to the Product Top Product Product topic: Product
Product Top ADF cover (ADF) Edge ADF input ADF cover (WF-4640) (WF-4640)
Edge Edge Rear
Product cover USB topic: Product Locations
Product head topic: Product Locations EXT USB LAN Service USB Rear cover AC topic: Product Locations
and Other the and off the LCD of You the and other options to and the the the topic: Product You the to the The the the Common If copying selected The If or this Press the necessary. Select the necessary. You this: Select On
the Select as necessary. Select OK to topic: and Other You the and off the LCD This If or this The this Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. Select Common Select You this: of the following: Press the or to reduce or increase the of
the Press the of the LCD the of from the on-screen then Select OK topic: and Other You the off specified of This If or this Press the necessary. Select You this: and Administration the necessary. Common Select and hours). topic: and Other
and More the You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to and from anywhere: Print, Print, and Scan to the Remote Scan to topic: Product With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or photo and to as this the below. If when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and More Related topics or Wired this Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or as this the below.
Remote Scan to to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More Related topics or Wired With Remote software or to anywhere the as this the below. to learn about and to the software. Download and the Remote software. the and optional of the to and this Remote Select the and choose the Remote topic: and More Related topics or Wired The Scan to service to that with as this the below. instructions account and with to the with the and selected. Select Destination Scan to
Click then follow the instructions the to ready to the the Scan to service topic: and More Related topics or Wired allows to wirelessly to from iPhone, and the of wireless as this the below. Apple to the wireless that from iPhone, or to topic: Product Related topics or Wired With Account, from Apple or to You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or as this the below. and connected to the the If already follow these to the that
IP the the IP the of Select the Services option. If the Services option, turn off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of topic: Product Related topics or Wired
or Wired these sections to or wired Direct Protected (WPS) Network or Network You to with wireless router or The wireless router or connected to wireless or wired router or
Selecting Wireless Network From the Computer with wireless interface Ethernet only to the wireless router or Selecting Network From the topic: or Wired You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the software from the CD or downloading from the The through Press the necessary. Press Select You this:
Select If to the wireless to Ethernet and instead. Then follow the instructions to wired this Select the of wireless or the manually. To the wireless manually, Other and the Network (SSID) field. the displayed to the field and wireless the The and to correctly and lowercase and or characters. Press or to the Press to the of Press to the character. Press to and Press to
Press when and Proceed Confirm the displayed and OK to them. If to the back If to of the buttons. Press the to to the If the the the of the LCD as shown. topic: Related Characters the LCD
Direct You to directly with or another without wireless router or with wireless interface Other wireless selects of these to with or If connected to wireless and the acts as the to operating this AP the LCD If already connected to wireless and from other This other to the operating this displays Direct or the LCD To release the to from or other to the previously Direct
Direct topic: or Wired You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or Press the necessary. Press Select You this: and Direct Select and If already connected or to Direct, they when the
Direct least and than characters Press or to the Press to the of Press to the previous character. Press to and Press to Press when
Protected (WPS) You this: to the SSID and or wireless to the (SSID) displayed the LCD then the shown. Press the to to the You AP or Direct the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP or Direct displayed the LCD Direct these to topic: Direct Related Characters the LCD If network wireless router or to the Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there there WPS the software the
WPS to to Network WPS to to Network topic: or Wired If wireless router or Protected (WPS) to to the Press the necessary. Press Select You this: Select (WPS) Follow the instructions the LCD to WPS Press the to to the
Network Sheet If the network the the of the LCD as shown. topic: Protected (WPS) You sheet to the of Press the necessary.
You this: Select Network Select You this: If connected to wireless the displayed. Select Press of the buttons to the
or Network Accessing the USB to the shown the to topic: or Wired these sections to or to Accessing the USB to to Wired Network Connecting to New Router topic: or Wired You and its operating browser. You this built-in from or other that connected to the as information the the the IP that the On or other connected to the as IP the You the topic: or Network Related Network Sheet If already connected to using USB to or to wirelessly.
to Wired Network Connecting to New Router of the following: If to the USB from With software. If to to USB the USB to Download software from the or from the CD that with the instructions the topic: or Network If already connected to wirelessly, to wired network necessary. features. of Ethernet to the LAN the other to LAN router or Download and software from the or from the CD that with Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the Select Wired If Select Option the first following the of the on-screen instructions. topic: or Network Related If the wireless router using to the router. of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the
Download software from the or from the CD that with the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstalling Product Software You to features type or to with features, of SSID and and selected the services Press the necessary. Press Select You this and Select to topic: or Network
Loading Loading the the type of Loading the Loading and the Rear Loading Capacity Selecting the Source Selecting You these the inches A4 inches inches the and necessary.
the If (WF-4640), the cover. the outward. If using the and the
the front to the of the as shown. the the and sticking from the of the
the the too tightly. If (WF-4640), the cover. the fits beneath the top of the To feeding too the the as Select the and type of the LCD
Loading and the Rear the and the If or the or the follow these only the recommended of sheets. first, which the facedown. or top first. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Selecting the Each Source You or of and the rear
the and the If or the the the feed
the then the outward. If of the sheets first and the to the You of with of the as shown. this type of
of the following: or and first, the of the To too the first, with the facing and the to the the of the
the the too tightly. Select the and type of the follow these only the recommended of sheets. first, which the or top first. the arrow the If of each or If when that curled, or too thin. the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Selecting the Source
Loading Capacity type Loading capacity Loading capacity sheets Bright White sheets sheets Thick to sheets inches and A4 inches feed inches and A4 inches inches sheets two-sided sheets two-sided inches
type Loading Loading capacity Double-sided Brochure Double-sided topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Sheet count Bright White inches S041586 Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided
count inches S041062 inches S041467 inches S041257 inches S041568 Double-sided inches S041341 inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041067 S042180 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041464 S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 S042038 S041271
Selecting the Each Source count inches S041982 inches S041331 topic: Loading You the and type each the the Press the necessary. Select You this: Select Select the to
You this: the loaded. Select Select the type loaded. Select OK Select another to or to to the topic: Loading this Select this or Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality
Selecting Selecting the this Select this or Recycled Recycled Preprinted Preprinted Envelope Brochure Double-sided to Card topic: Selecting the Source You as that apply to to the These locked If these Selecting the the topic: Loading You the the
These If can't these Press the necessary. Select You this: and Administration the necessary. You this:
Source the Select Select the Source options to Select of these options: Turn this to and of when or to the that the when memory Turn off this to and finished, the to to the Source topic: Selecting Select the Source options to Source option Rear Normal Select Normal to to the Priority feed On Select On to switch the selected to match the Switching or A4) the selected. Select Copy Select On of these to from containing that matches Other Notice Notice Select On of these to when the selected type or Notice match the topic: Selecting the You the the the
These If can't these Press the necessary. Select You this and Administration the necessary. You this
Universal Select Universal the as necessary. finished, the to to the Universal topic: Selecting Select the Universal to Universal option the top or Top the top or of the back when Top On to the This On the of the when the incorrect, reduce the Select the to when Select On to of automatically. On topic: the Universal
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the anything top of or its cover as writing to the the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other. the cover to topic: the Product
the Related topics Copying Scanning You the (ADF).You the ADF to both of the originals the specifications them. originals creased or and or other that the the ADF outward. of originals and them to the
the originals the ADF and top-edge first. The ADF the lights the ADF the too tightly.
If copying originals the originals as shown: topic: the Product Related (ADF) Specifications Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying or the information to or using exactly the as Copying or You or and of including or photo the or the ADF. the to Press the button, necessary. Select Copy You this: To than the or and the to the of
Copying of the as necessary. Select to and necessary. Then the back Select to the LCD Select to If can't or this ready to of the buttons. To the Stop or topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity Copying Related the the Select the copying options to Not options or other copying
Copying option With around the or Copy Also, and the and as necessary. ID Card both of ID of of Select the of Source Select the that to If the selected the Custom the the Automatically the to the selected and Automatically from to another other 2-Sided Select to or 2>1-Sided Advanced and the originals or 1>2-Sided the of originals Landscape Quality Text the type of originals and the of Text Text Varying the or of
Copying option Select On to the that appear the of when copying or that appear around On when copying thick Punch On to the On Copy On to of both and On Select to the or appear the front of the when the Advanced Select such as and Sharpness topic: Copying
From with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the instructions. with with OS Product You with as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting Preset Selecting or Selecting topic: From Select the the or photo to photo or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of the Source where the to Select the of the as the Select the of If
Source Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the 2-Sided and the options To of or sheets of of the the and the options To and their the To To as that and with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White On the Source Quality topic: with Related Related or Selecting Double-sided You of the options the Source to the that WF-4630
Quality Selects the the as the Rear Selects the the feed as the WF-4640 Select Automatically selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the as the Rear Selects the the as the topic: Selecting You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. text and and graphics with and High and graphics with high More that choose of and quality. topic: Selecting You of the options the to
Selecting Double-sided and Prints or of Click the to and options. Prints of to Click the to and topic: Selecting You both of the selecting the 2-Sided the options pre-selected or other chosen or the Select the If the selected, of the following: Select the to the to manually and the to the other (recommended that Click the
You this Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the
Double-sided You this Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the Double-sided topic: with Related Selecting You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge Select that the
Margin Select options that to allow Selects whether the front or back Select the and option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to the of the of coverage Increase Drying the amount of of the the other to topic: Selecting
Selecting Additional and You of and options or photo the More To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these options: Select the to option to to the loaded. the of the or photo as the and the of as the If to the the option. Select the to option to reduce or or Select the the of the following Correction options: Select to the sharpness, brightness, and
Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. Select to To the following features, the that appears when to information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the text and location of the or footer. Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with Related or
Custom Correction You of the options the Correction to the Brightness and and tones. the selected the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects.
and Additional ICM using off software using software. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Text the of text to increase readability. Thin the of to increase Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or Additional Prints the rotated from its High reduce the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the options to headers or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the
Selecting Preset These with You to the following information, which from the topic: Selecting Additional and to of the or More You clicking the Click the or More
You the the of the to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with
Selecting You that apply to the to Access the and right-click the the Select Click the You the the
You this Select of the to Click OK to the Click OK to the software topic: with You from these the EPSON and and other the of the the incorrect, reduce Thick and from smearing when or other thick each containing the title, and RAW Datatype Increases and other
or Increases when or the head as Increases when or the head and other that that text or the of to Prints graphics with Allow Applications to ICM Matching to ICM the Source Prints the the rather than the topic: Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to
Selecting You such as this Click OK or to topic: with the apply while that If to the Access the and right-click the the Select
the of the Software You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Access the and right-click the the Select You the
Click the You the Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this Access the and right-click the the Select Software
with OS You this of the following: To often the software the To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software You with OS as these If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From Select the the or photo to or Select the command You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the expanded The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select the and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these
Source OS Select the Source to from. Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related references Related Selecting OS or OS You of the options the Source to the that WF-4630 Selects the the as the Rear Selects the the as the WF-4640 Select Automatically selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the as the
Quality OS OS Rear Selects the the feed as the topic: Selecting OS You of the Quality options to the of the type chosen. Normal and Normal text and with and text and graphics with and Quality text and graphics with increased and Quality the quality, the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. Prints and graphics or of the topic: Selecting OS
Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the the of or photo as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS
Selecting OS You of options or selecting from the the To of the of the Sheet To the of the Direction To around each the from the To invert or the the or topic: with OS
Selecting Double-sided OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the options or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided
Double-sided and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS You of the options the Two-sided or to
OS Two-sided to bound the of the Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting OS You the Matching and to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the
and OS Select from the the The the the option selected the Matching Select of the options. Matching and OS topic: with OS You from these the and EPSON using software, or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the using the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. Turns off software software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or
Preferences OS You this: Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the or Switching Thick and from smearing when or other thick that that text or
or OS temporary Allows to when expended. Switching Automatically switches to the other when of the of High reduce Warning Notifications choose whether or to from the software operating bidirectional Allows the to with the the when using shared topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS
Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the You the Select the following options as necessary: OS To the and the To the and the To the and the To the To the OS To the to the To the to the To the To the button. To the then the topic: or OS
Product If to the Stop topic: From
Scanning Starting Scan Starting Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or scanning, using of these Starting Scan the Product Scan with or Starting Scan the Scan Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You to memory or to the software and connected the to or the software to from the the firewall or security software. the scanning. To the ADF and the 2-Sided Press the necessary.
Select Scan You this: Select of the following Scan to options: Memory memory or USB and the and other to that with allows to or (WSD) network or (English only). To this first WSD Services Devices) the Select to If or this of the following: If to the and the and necessary. If to memory to options. and Scan
and Scan topic: Scan Related Scan to Related topics the Product You or when the option the You this the the or (OS X) or connected to the Click the from the the top of the You showing the If to or the the as necessary, and OK You the when with or the information or If to assign to the selection the of the following: Click OS Click the the of the then
Starting Scan with or Select the that to assign to of the pull-down OK then OK You the when from the topic: Starting Scan the Product with or (OS X), the the specify. You preview, and the as necessary. of the following to or to the Apps and (other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then OS the Applications the Software and Select and OK necessary.
You this: Click the Scan
You this: With OS or and Scan software, which features within To Scan, U.S. or If to that created instead, from the the or the and the of these Select to the information or If to of the following: Click Select displayed to and OK
Starting Scan the Scan OS If Scan, the Scan the Scan the top of the and the EPSON Scan Click the Scan Select displayed to and OK Click Scan You of the or the and them as necessary. Click of the Destination to choose where to You to the arrow to the to of them. The the software Select as necessary, then OK or to the topic: Scan You the Scan to and the to to the Apps and EPSON Scan EPSON or EPSON Software (other Click or and or Select EPSON or EPSON Software and EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS or to scanning with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or
You Scan this: topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS
Starting Scan from Scanning Related topics the Product Selecting Scan You Scan from to and the the With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) to as the first. If Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly.
You Scan this: Scan when first topic: Starting Scan
Selecting Scan Scan Selecting the Scan Related topics the Product Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan the Scan to from the the right of the Scan
Scanning Office topic: Selecting Scan Office Scan PDF operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the
You this Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, If the ADF, from the
Select the and that match To both of Stitch To the Stitch ADF-Double-sided as the Source To allow Scan to and Correct To Select the that matches Select the to Click the Scan previews and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose ADF-Double-sided as the Source Click the and of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Office Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related
Source Office Selecting Scan Office Scan Related Selecting Scan Scanning Professional You these Source options Scan Office Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Double-sided Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. Automatically where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Office You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the To of the icons. Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Office You these options Scan Office Not other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the checkbox. Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the
Scanning Professional that that text or Edge Corrects around the of the the with the select. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan PDF operating or or You and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF Double-sided If using the ADF, from the Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan
Source Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Related Scan Related Selecting Scan Scanning Office You these Source options Scan Professional Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Double-sided Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only).
You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Professional To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the To the of the If the the the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the
Click the to Click the or (OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Backlight Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. the red, or the Edge Corrects around the of the the with the select. Automatically the when the To continuously, the button, the and Continuous You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced only.) Click the histogram to the Tone Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced users only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the
Selecting Scan Professional the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced only.) Click the to the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as photo inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The To the or (OS X) to the and options as or the
Scan or off. Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the using the as There of the and selected thumbnail displays as with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the preview. Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the preview. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the Scan's to increase the You the its Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high quality. the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the screen/post the to Print/convert to text (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and
The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan of the following to the which to Click the of the Click the Other the or Choose and If to the and the options Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK If selected PDF or as the this Scan Choose of the following options the If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished,
Scanned and Optional If to or the or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from of and optional the Scan. JPEG that the higher the the the quality. (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT OS TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the
Scanning with OS this Select to the appear to or OS to the where scanning. If the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with such as With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or such as from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. (You to the DEVICES or SHARED and If the click If scanning item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary.
Scan OS If the ADF, the scanned, the loaded. Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You these OS X. Correction graphical interface brightness, tint, and Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. and reduce topic: Scanning with OS
Scanning Scanning to SharePoint or Service software offers options to Scanning to SharePoint or Service Scanning as topic: Scanning You to to SharePoint or service. of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then OS the Applications the Software and Select and OK necessary. You this:
Click the Scan Select displayed to the information or Click Scan You of the or Click of the service Destination to choose where to only) Microsoft SharePoint only) You to the arrow to the to of them. The the software Select Destination The the software the information or other as necessary, and originals and to the indicated You to SharePoint or service. You the when with or or when using the option the topic: Scanning
Scanning as You only) to originals as You where the to or the of The the software the information with or where to of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or and or Select EPSON Software then You this Click the Scan
Select to the information Click Scan You of the the and Batch Click Apply Separation and Separation Select the to the and OK Select other from the as and OK Select other from the Batch as and OK originals as specified. You originals as You the when with or when using the option the topic: Scanning
Connecting Telephone or these sections to using This allows to numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and Connecting Telephone or and Checking Reports You to telephone to or If to the telephone to telephone or to using If telephone to to
phone to telephone and to the LINE If DSL or ISDN the DSL or ISDN or router to the to to the or using DSL or ISDN the DSL Telephone
DSL DSL ISDN ISDN or ISDN router
ISDN numbers) ISDN or ISDN router If telephone or to using the from the EXT
phone to telephone or and to the EXT If and to the of to that higher than the of or connected to the EXT to incoming when the phone with or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: Related Automatically the of to with header and the features to If of to the and Selecting Advanced the
Selecting Country or the OS topic: these sections to the to the features. Selecting Country or Selecting the and the Selecting the the of to topic: faxing, the country or which using If the country or to their and them This If can't or this Press the button, necessary. Select
Selecting the and and Administration the necessary. Select Common and Country/Region or necessary, then country or You If the correct, (If and retry.) the country or the to the topic: faxing, the and phase and choose and This If can't or this Press the necessary.
Select and Administration the
Select Common Select You this: Select Daylight Select the that to winter or Daylight (DST)
the or and Daylight (DST) If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock from to its clock back Select Select the to the to the Select the to the to the topic: You the the This when the turned the first You these individually from the These If can't or these Press the necessary.
and Administration the necessary. and and The appears. Select On the the to the such as or business You to characters. On the the to to characters. The and phone the header the of the On the Distinctive of the following: If to distinctive service from telephone Proceed Select the to or On to If distinctive service, and to the Distinctive services allows to phone Each assigned You and another the assigned to the DRD If On or other than to
Selecting the On the of the following: If connected telephone or to the and to the If telephone or and to to otherwise On the to or to manually. If and to automatically, the to correct. If to manually, to and the or to On the Confirm the and Proceed or back to the On the and follow the on-screen instructions to the and of the If there reported, the the and the If the Select appears, the type. If the Select Tone Detection appears, the tone function the first of and the to the topic: Related Characters the LCD Screen If the to PBX or the type. PBX Branch office where such as to The PSTN Switched Telephone which This If can't or this
Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. and Select PBX
the of to You this: Select Select Access the to the such as and OK topic: If and to automatically, the to correct. The of should higher than the of to This If can't or this Press the necessary.
Select and Administration the necessary. and Select
Selecting Advanced Select to the of and OK to higher than the of to every than the the tones and If the phone and hear that the the then the topic: Related Connecting Telephone or Automatically You of advanced These If can't or these Press the necessary.
Select and Administration the necessary. and
You this: Select the of to change. Security topic: the to faxing. the and of outgoing
Automatically the of outgoing Select this option when black-and- white text from the the A5 A4 ADF 2-Sided On to from the ADF. The Direct option and On when this Direct Select On to black-and-white to as as the without On the to memory. You this when or to Continuous Scan from Select On to the to to ADF another the ADF On finished scanning. when to Not topic: Selecting Advanced the options to outgoing Batch Sorts outgoing the memory, and then them as batch. On
that to the memory. You the from the On topic: Selecting Advanced the options to incoming whether should printed; connected to the and Distinctive If Distinctive Service assign or to the and assign to each. If this service, the of the of Select that this service. to to the of If to and connected to the this higher than the of to Remote phone instead of operating the the On to On If using with its connected to the the the using the topic: Selecting Advanced
the options to incoming If to the memory. or to the memory from other options they temporarily the memory. Other memory and forwarding to incoming the memory. You the the LCD and to To this option, the FAX Utility. and to to and automatically. to Memory incoming to connected memory or USB Select and to to the memory and automatically. incoming to as as and to and automatically. Reduction On Select to reduce the of to the the selected Select to incoming their sheets, necessary. Rotation On If On to landscape-oriented incoming that they correctly the as PDF and directly from the
On Select On to incoming that the the the memory, this option Select On to to of or reports and On the memory. there enough to free memory this function.) Selects whether or when to Not to include of the Prints reports with of the first when Direct the On(Every Prints the or received. On(Time) Prints the the displayed the LCD Format Selects the amount of information topic: Selecting Advanced the basic options to and outgoing
Security Fast(33,600bps) the which and Slow(9,600bps) ECM On Correction (ECM) to or off Correction (ECM); or received. Detection On Automatically the when the off tone which the connected to PBX Branch or TA turning this off the to the first of PSTN Selects phone Switched Telephone PBX Selects Branch the type of office where such as to Select to the header information and inclusion outgoing topic: Selecting Advanced the security options to
the Direct numbers. Restrictions On Allows to the or history. to to Confirm Selects whether or to On Inbox Select to incoming Clear Automatically or from memory. On Clear or memory; this function or of topic: Selecting Advanced You header and the FAX of the following: to the Apps (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX
You this Select (Select prompted.)
the OS You this Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX option. topic: You header and the FAX OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or the FAX option and Select and
and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Select Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX topic: You of and their them faxing. You to to the Product Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS topic:
the Product Creating You and the If or Creating Editing or Creating Editing or topic: and Related Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS You of to numbers. You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select You this:
Select the necessary. You this: Select You this: You of and necessary. Entry Select the to the
Editing or You this: Select the field, the to the to characters), and Select the Word field, the to to when searching to characters), and (This field optional.) Select the field, and the the LCD or the buttons the to the You to characters. If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the instead of the the necessary. Select topic: the Product You or of the Press the necessary. Select
You this: the necessary. the to or You this: of the following: To the and the
Creating To the the item to the information, and finished editing, topic: the Product You of that easily to You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select You this: the necessary. Select
You this: You of and necessary. Select Select the to the You this: Select the field, the to the to characters), and
Editing or Select the Word field, the displayed to to when searching to characters), and (This optional.) Select Proceed You Select the to each to include group. appears to each selected Select topic: the Product You existing to or You the group. Press the necessary. Select You this: Select the necessary.
You this, showing both and Select the to You this: If to the group, To the group, Select Proceed You of the group.
Speed/Group the To or the to Select topic: the Product You and the FAX The from the and back memory. You to and combined. of the following: to the Apps (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this
Select (Select prompted.) You this Select Dial/Group
You this Select and the To entry, and the To and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the previous as to or finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics the Product
Speed/Group the OS You and the FAX Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Dial/Group
You this To entry, To entry, and the information. To and the of the following: To and and OK To numbers, and OK the as to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics the Product
from the Product the or History these sections to from the Product the the OS topic: these sections to the the or History from Connected Telephone topic: You from the or selecting the from the or history. You black-and-white to to or to If black-and-white. The to black-and-white You or the the the faxing. Press the necessary.
Select To the ADF and the ADF (You of the following to Manually Press the field and Press when To another the You the the to If restricted, the from the or history. If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the pound instead of the Select from the Select to the Select the to or the to You the Search field to search or Select Proceed when finished. Select from the history Select History to the history. Select from the and to this To the field, the to and from the
If to and If to black-and-white the LCD, (If the incorrect, Retry the or the and this If the seconds, the automatically. You when the Direct turned If to and entry. Press of the buttons. To faxing, the Stop You the or the from the and to necessary. the and the to its memory. If the option that to to the memory and them from the topic: from the Product Related Related Checking Characters the LCD Selecting the Related topics the Product and While and these options from the
You these options the the and of outgoing Automatically the of outgoing Select this option when black-and-white text from the the A5 A4 ADF Select On to from the ADF. The Direct option and when On turn this Direct Select On to black-and-white to as as the without On the to memory. You this when or to Priority Select On to the other to On Continuous Scan from Select On to the to to ADF another the ADF On finished scanning.
when to Not topic: from the Product You of choice. the and correct. You black-and- white when this option. the faxing. Press the necessary. Select To the ADF and the ADF or from the or History. Select
Select On Select the the LCD to and OK Press of the buttons. To faxing, the Stop the and the the specified If the turned off the specified the when topic: from the Product Related references Related the or History Related topics the Product You to black-and-white and when another Other the and the function their the faxing. Press the necessary.
Select Select Select and On If to and Press the B&W and overwrite or You only overwrite the existing You from the topic: from the Product Related Related Checking Related topics the Product You black-and-white to and whenever necessary.
the faxing. Press the necessary. Select Select Select and On If to and Press the B&W scanned, and ready to the the
from Connected Telephone You this: Select Select Communication Select the to Select and You overwrite the existing You from the topic: from the Product Related Related Checking Related topics the Product If connected telephone to the EXT the from the connected telephone. If the and the to the the the faxing.
the Press the necessary. the from the connected telephone. to the necessary. Select the LCD Select with the the telephone. hear of the buttons to the If and-white. the telephone. topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product You from You to including cover the to and the command.
You this: Select with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to Click Print.
If the first this information that the of the Then OK to the information.
the OS You this: the and or from the then Next instructions using the FAX Utility, Select cover and and then Next. Click to topic: You from OS the FAX Utility. You to including cover the to
Select the You to the option the or another command. FAX option as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the Select the of as the the to from the
You this of the following to choose Select or from the and and the button. Click the and from Select from the
Reception You this Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Automatically Manually the LCD topic: and when the to If telephone to the phone and to manually. This allows to tone using the telephone and to the to and
Automatically Manually If of and the indicated LCD to topic: To automatically, to (the the To the necessary, Administration If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or topic: Related Related Manually You to manually the to This tone the connected telephone To the Administration and the connected telephone the If hear tone, the LCD Select Press of the buttons to the the telephone. topic: Related
Polling the LCD Related Automatically You to from another (such as information service). Press the necessary. Select You this: Select Select and On the to the from. Press of the buttons to the topic: You memory and them the LCD To this to from the The If the
Checking Press the necessary. the the LCD It there or the memory. Select Select the necessary. Select the to You the the Select of the options and follow the on-screen instructions. or them to the memory from the memory or topic: You the to the of or that or Press the You this:
Reports of the following: To the of and the to To the history of that or received, History or and the to To that the memory, and topic: You from reports to whenever necessary. You the turning Press the button, necessary. Select You this: Select and the to topic:
Related Select the or to of the or the previous that or through of the currently the memory. Trace the previous or topic: Reports
USB With Product USB USB Specifications Removing USB Follow the instructions to with USB USB USB and From the LCD USB USB the USB the front of the the of the the with the USB Specifications topic: USB With Product You USB with containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to to 2GB JPEG: to of topic: USB with USB follow these to TIFF RGB or CCITT-encoded) TIFF: to
and From the LCD JPEG If connected to USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of flash as and OS the from the the completing the or from the the of the USB the front of the topic: USB With Product these sections to and or other LCD JPEG TIFF topic: USB With Product You JPEG as them the LCD Press the necessary. Select Memory Select JPEG
You this: If than JPEG the and first the to of the following to To the of the to then the the or or the LCD to the of to Press the or right arrow buttons to through and or the back to to the thumbnail and another photo. To Select Select To only the its and the and the back To the and the finished, the back ready to of the buttons. To the Stop or topic: and From the LCD Related
TIFF You and the TIFF from USB or other Press the button, necessary. Select Memory Select TIFF You of the Select the to You information about the Select Proceed the following as necessary: To than the the or or the LCD to the of to To the and the necessary finished, the back Select Proceed ready to of the buttons. To the Stop or topic: and From the LCD Related Select the to when and displayed the LCD
options On Automatically the brightness, and of the based the Advanced Detection that selected off below P.I.M. PRINT Matching or Red-Eye This Automatically the On This On sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: and From the LCD Screen Select the to when from USB or other memory Not options or the options Source Indicates the that the and type and type to Quality the highest Prints the the the the
USB From options On Automatically the to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to Top Select the TIFF First Top topic: and From the LCD You to and from USB the USB the front of From from USB to topic: USB With Product from to USB the USB the front of to the this or from the These If these Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. Select
from USB to Select Memory Interface You this: Memory to Select Select the connected to the USB or topic: USB Related USB You to and from USB the USB the front of and connected to to and from while from the connected to the USB the front of of the following to from Select the or then the OS with USB the then
OS with network Select the or from the the SHARED section of the to the to the and the USBSTORAGE Select the that the to to the or LCD to information about to or from and the to the information. topic: USB Related USB
Cartridges and Cartridge and Checking Cartridge the LCD The that flushed from the head cleaning. or the the of its service life, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of and boxes responsibly and with If would to and boxes to please to information. Cartridge and Purchase Cartridges and Removing and Cartridges With Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with the and its software know when or expended, or when the to replaced. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge and with Checking Cartridge and with OS topic: Cartridges and of the the LCD and the light flashes. expended, the and the light You the the of the and Press the Select Information
Checking Cartridge and with You this: The and displayed the of the The displayed and information, the the of the topic: Cartridge and Related Removing and Cartridges the appears to when and or To the the the and
You this or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences
You this the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge and Related and Cartridges the
Checking Cartridge and with OS You the of and using of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select EPSON You this
Purchase Cartridges and Cartridge and the following as necessary: You the and clicking or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge and Related Removing and Cartridges the You purchase boxes, and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON This only Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the Cartridge and topic: Cartridges and these when or purchase or T6710 within months of the
Removing and Cartridges Standard-capacity High-capacity Black 786XL 786XL 786XL 786XL topic: Purchase Cartridges and You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If or expended, appears and which to replaced. the front cover.
the then of the of the or to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, it and right of the reach of
the from the the the the immediately the the head and to Gently the about seconds as shown. or or
the the and clicks Select the LCD to the correctly. If that incorrectly, the clicks finished, the front cover. The the and to its when finished. off the
With Black and Cartridges With Cartridges If the supply from and and it the as the The the supply to the supply or surrounding with the facing topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase Cartridges and expended, temporarily from the as as You with With Cartridges With Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges and If that temporarily with and to or To this Click or to If the appears another to the the or Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type
With Cartridges OS Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK displays Click Black to topic: With Black and Cartridges If and to temporarily with or Click the the If that temporarily with the to OS Click the to If displayed, OK If the appears another to the the the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or
You this: Select On as the temporary Click OK the or Access the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the option. Click to topic: Printing With Black and Cartridges
Conserving Black with the The following appears when and there The appears when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to the the Click this to the If this it the topic: Cartridges and that and than the from sunlight. the
the from its the the Press the buttons the of the cover and the as shown and of its the or
Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right the of the reach of and the the the that with the the and of the the and the Press the buttons the of the cover and topic: Cartridges and
Related Purchase Cartridges and
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to clean or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the You clean them them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related and Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the there the LCD and the Press the necessary.
Select You this: Select Head You this: Press the button. The
Checking the the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there If there or the Clean the Head and Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary. If cleaning the head to the turned and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Product Related Loading the Removing and Cartridges You the head or there the LCD
of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select You this: Click
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product the to there the head clean head cleaning If there If there or the clean the head. topic: Head If and the the head. You clean the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related and Cartridges You the head using the
there the LCD sheets of the Press the necessary. Select Select You this: Select Head Cleaning You this:
Cleaning the Head Press the to clean the head. the cleaning finished, the off the cleaning or Select Press the to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to the and least Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Product Product Related Loading the Removing and Cartridges Loading the and Cartridges You the head using or there the LCD of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Head Cleaning
You this: Click to the cleaning the front cover the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, to the clean; and
Head the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Product Related Loading the Removing and Cartridges If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning.
the Head the Product the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning You the head the there the LCD sheets of the (or Press the necessary. Select Select You this: Select Head
You this: of the following: If or If Follow the on-screen instructions to while head the the and of the following: If the representing the each the LCD
the Head If the the with the least amount of or the LCD topic: Head Related Product Related Loading the You the head using or there the LCD of the (or of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Head Click Next then to while head
You this: the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each
Cleaning the choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head Related references Product Related Loading the If the back of the to there the LCD. sheets of the (or Press the necessary. Select
You this: and Cleaning Select the to clean. Press the the back of the to clean. as the clean. If the cleaning cleaning the other topic: Quality Related Product Product
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should the rear and the when the to from or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the Disconnect connected the from the
Clean the and the the with cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. If appear the or the the the ADF cover and lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), to the and the of the ADF. Clean the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product
Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise the the the head and the from Turn off the the from the the connected the rear and the output the its or with cushioning around the the protects the the If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software these sections to Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to free to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the or the or Apps of
Product OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software topic: You often with the its LCD You the to the If the the to the from LCD If the follow the instructions this to the from the indicated Turn the off and Turn the off and then back If the If there the of its You the to service life. You to The connected to the connected correctly and the phone the to the "LINE" The connected tone detected. the connected correctly and the phone If connected the to PBX Branch phone or the to PBX If off the Tone Detection (Turning off the Detection the to the first of Combination of IP and There with the to
LCD Communication the below to the section this Authentication DNS Recovery occurred firmware USB and downloading the from the If topic: Related the Product the the (Rear the Where to Related the Connecting Telephone or Related topics Loading or Wired If successfully, the Press the then History and the Select the to the and information. The turned off Memory the of the
Collated to of memory. the of the or to of memory. If the of the simplifying the reducing the of graphics or the and of the to of memory. the of the authentication and the canceled. when the turned off. The already The the Short of memory. the of the The memory You individually, or received and them to free memory The the then try The the connected correctly and the If connected the to PBX Branch or the to PBX If off the Detection (Turning off the Detection the to the first of The then try The then try The incorrectly connected to the LINE and EXT the correctly. The connected. the phone
The to of the specified to which to the If the turned from the There enough the memory Clear the or The memory write-protected. write protection. the or memory The memory the occurred while to memory the memory or The memory finished processing. occurred while the the connected to the correctly. There enough the the specified The found the information to the the Select the occurred while the occurred. the connected to the or correctly. or the firewall or security software. topic: Related Connecting Telephone or the LCD Selecting Advanced
Product Reports Related topics or Wired operating properly. interface connected to the Press the necessary. Select Select You this: Select Head
You this: Press the The of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. caused software, or selected the other this or try and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related to
If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them This If or this Press the necessary. Select and Administration the necessary. and You this: Select of these network Copy copying. Scan scanning. faxing. Clear and including the You
Software Select to the selected (Select to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic: If hear from the following: The first the the its head. turn off the or improperly and the If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: If while software, try these and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software
Network Product to Router or Access Related OS these or or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Product to Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network topic: If or to wireless router or these If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. to within of router or microwave or such as that router or operating correctly to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To
Network Software Product Network MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless of the and to necessary. If Direct that the If necessary, the existing from and instructions. If connected to Direct and selected Access low-priority the or the and the to of the topic: Network Related Direct Related Selecting Network From the Network Sheet Related topics or Wired If EpsonNet these turned and to (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. If necessary, software and to their factory
Product Not Appear OS Network only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the or from the CD that with the instructions the If router, software to to the router. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related topics or Wired If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. If connecting the wirelessly EpsonNet and the appear LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If these that turned software as
and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If slow, and the strength. If to router or microwave or such as to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function. If the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. wired LAN router or to the LED the to which connected or flashing If the LED off, the following: the Ethernet securely connected to and to router, switch, or connecting to or router, switch, or connecting with Ethernet to from another the If the and the appear the LCD, software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Network Related topics or Wired
Scan Network If Scan these If from restarted the software. the firewall or security software. If high If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and try restarting Scan the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the to Network then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related Scan the Product Starting Scan the Scan
Copying Product Nothing Product It While these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. If the the software correctly. topic: Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying these sections using with the Product the the (Rear the Ejection topic:
the Product If feeding these If feed from the or then the the the the the or feed If once, the the to the and than the recommended of sheets. the If when both of the follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related the Product the the (Rear Loading Capacity Related topics Loading If the follow the to clear the the from necessary.
the front cover. including torn the front cover.
the If the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the (Rear the If the follow the to clear the the necessary. the the
the follow instructions and the the as Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Product the
the (Rear the (Rear If the follow the to clear the the from necessary. Press the buttons the of the cover and
from the Press the buttons the cover as Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Product the the
the If with the (ADF), follow the to clear the the necessary. originals from the ADF. the ADF cover. the ADF cover the
the ADF then the cover. the cover.
the ADF input the ADF input the ADF its the originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic:
Ejection from Nothing Prints Related references the Product the the (Rear If with properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related the Product the the (Rear Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from Nothing Prints Product Not Appear topic: If and nothing these turned
Product Not Appear interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first try restarting If that this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Click and Devices and Click and and Sound
XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the button. Select EPSON then OK Click the Preferences Click the the option that the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and Clear or to existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select the increased
and Inverted Click the and the following High RAW Datatype as topic: from Related OS Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating
Too Incorrect Margins Printout these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS that the or software topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning If incorrect these selected the and software.
Incorrect Characters selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and If connected to USB directly to instead. If incorrect characters appear topic: and
Incorrect or Printout Quality If the or the try these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS If these the the of the Select higher software. Turn off high software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with White or Printout
White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading Cartridges and If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly with or
the to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. If thick or the Thick from the or Thick and the of the software. (Turning this speed.) each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of sheet or that first. the and/or Increase Drying to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting OS
Printout or Printout Printout Selecting Double-sided OS If or these to of the head Then clean the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Related Selecting Selecting OS Cleaning the Related topics Loading Cartridges and If these the of the correctly Select higher and off high software.
Incorrect Colors to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software If the to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading If incorrect try these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them.
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS OS Related topics Cartridges and these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, try these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software,
Scan With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related to Uninstall Product Software Related OS Related Scanning with OS If Scan, these turned and interface securely connected both Scan selected power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the using Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan If both and If operating Scan, try
Scanned Quality Consists of With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Starting Scan the Scan Starting Scan from Scanning these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Colors Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: If consists of these facing the If using the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality
of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Related Office Related topics the Product If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. cleaner directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If appears or blurry, these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while it that the of the these Scan and Select the Unsharp the
Colors the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or warped cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these Scan and try Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and Select the
Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan Printed exactly match the because and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the and of and the software using to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with of the the Tone Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Office Selecting Scan Professional
Scanned Edges Cropped or If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product these with or with Telephone Connected to Product topic: If or these the turned and correctly to automatically. that the telephone to LINE using or software to the that the telephone phone to and testing If there tone and connected the to PBX Branch or the to PBX If off the off the tone (Turning off the tone the to the first of If connected to DSL phone DSL to the phone to the DSL the If telephone off correction and lowering
with Telephone Connected to Product the correction (ECM) turned trying to or If and off to of incoming If connected to phone that to that when If includes services, or received service. topic: Related Connecting Telephone or the Selecting the Selecting Advanced Automatically Reports Related topics Loading If when telephone connected to these telephone to EXT the to that the LCD displays that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or the
to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface of the following: to the Apps and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the (other Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall or the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select and Change/Remove
Uninstalling Product Software OS Where to of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: or Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the sheet to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software However, the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the Scan or and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following options.
(U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to information to products OS Specifications Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3
OS Specifications (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications Rear top Rear inch thickness Capacity topic: Technical Specifications WF-4630 front WF-4640 and front WF-4630 inches thickness WF-4640 and inches thickness
Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS Effective restricted A4 inches or inches Scanning to and internal Light LED topic: Technical Specifications input Facedown US A4, A5, or B5 type to feeding thickness: inch You both of the this inches to to sheets of this inches
Specifications Specifications topic: Technical Specifications type black-and-white and (ITU-T telephone to to to (based ITU-T chart memory (with specifications or country Interface RJ-11 topic: Technical Specifications Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or PBX Branch telephone RJ-11 Telephone
Specifications reduce and or other If switch to higher of Single-sheets B5 inches and distributed to inch Thickness to inches to topic: Technical Specifications the A4 inches A5 inches A6 inches inches inches inches inches
sheets inch inch Right: inch inch
Cartridge Specifications inch inches recommended inch Top: inch Right: inch inch recommended topic: Technical Specifications This Epson-brand Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge months to to within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related Cartridge and Unopened the the month thaws and hours
Specifications Specifications WF-4630 inches inches WF-4630 (without or cord) WF-4640 topic: Technical Specifications to to Rated Rated inches inches WF-4640 inches inches inches inches with the
Specifications Interface Specifications WF-4630 (with USB copying: (ISO/IEC24712) topic: Technical Specifications to F to C) to RH (without to RH topic: Technical Specifications Interface type USB Class computers) USB MO GB Ready off WF-4640 copying: (ISO/IEC24712) Ready off to F to C) month F C) USB TB capacity USB flash TB capacity, FAT, FAT32, or
Network Interface Specifications the operation of externally that USB recommended. with AC topic: Technical Specifications IEEE with IEEE or IEEE purchase location Security WEP Communication Ethernet Ethernet 100BASE-TX/10BASE-T The connected should Security SSL/TLS: HTTPS or IPPS WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES); with WPA2 with WPA/WPA2 Direct Direct AP the to Ethernet Ethernet 1000BASE-T; category-5e or higher preferably STP Twisted to of interference
and Specifications topic: Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6117-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Specifications EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices Product Instructions these sections about offers of products. Please to information to offers recycling with to (U.S.) or to learn Product Instructions FCC Software Notice Copyright Notice to follow and instructions the only the type of indicated the only the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the outlet where the easily the the as or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or it to and top of and allow to or to the straight each If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the rating of the outlet the turn off the using the and the light flashing the or off to the If using the the from the
the that its It properly or the back of the least inches from the Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or or the the heat or sunlight. enough around the or cover the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. connecting the to or other with the of the Each the both connected the the white the the head hand; this the the or the with products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the section while the or other to when closing the cover or as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. the the the head and the from
Cartridge Instructions the that the head the right) and the or the its or otherwise Cartridge Instructions LCD Screen Instructions Wireless Instructions Telephone Instructions topic: Notices of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with hand the or immediately Leaving the head and the from or tear the the this the from the of the This the to become the the of the when from the the IC the of the This operation. their this them to If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the its This the head.
LCD Instructions Wireless Instructions Telephone Instructions from allow to least three hours with their facing upward. topic: Product Instructions cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. too the LCD or such as or to the LCD topic: Product Instructions To affecting the operation of the following and causing the Near facility. Within inches of Near such as or fire topic: Product Instructions should follow to reduce the of fire, shock, and injury, including the following: the using telephone There of shock from telephone to the of the To reduce the of fire, AWG or cord.
FCC topic: Product Instructions United States This with of the FCC and the the Council ("ACTA") On the of this that other information, the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. If this to the Applicable Universal Service ("USOC") the RJ11C. and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and adopted the ACTA. and with this It to connected to that instructions The REN to the of that connected to telephone telephone the to incoming areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the telephone products July the REN this of the that the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the If this to the the telephone that temporary of service required. isn't the telephone the as as Also, of right to with the FCC necessary. The telephone its operations or that the operation of the If this the to to service. If with this and technical or please www.epson.com information. This to repaired the customer. If connecting this to telephone please America, Inc. Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone:
If the causing to the the telephone that the the This service the telephone to service to the service or corporation information. If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this If about what telephone or The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or (The telephone or other which charges or charges.) to this information follow the instructions Information". According to the FCC's advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or
Software Notice WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) (IES) interface interface tous CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices This includes software Section to the terms of each software the of the GPL LGPL and ncftp (each Section years the of of this If to the please the of You comply with the of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which the
This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written The of each software the The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL This includes the software which apply the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes software which the terms of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC ncftp This includes the software "ncftp-3.2.4 which the terms and of the copyright to the SHA1 This includes the software "SHA1" which the terms and of the copyright to the "SHA1". ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the and of the copyright to the "ARC4". This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software "MD5" which the terms and of the copyright to the "MD5". This includes the software "AES" which the terms and of the copyright to the "AES".
Copyright Notice This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the topic: Notices EPSON and EPSON and TM TM and TM of Corporation. SM service of Inc. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other and the of Apple Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation.
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each user to and of the copyright when using While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice
Products Copyright Attribution This of This to that the of efficiency. More achieved the to to shorter topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-40083R1 topic: Copyright Notice