XP-420/XP-424
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the basic of the Product Locations The and and More these sections to learn about the and and Lights LCD Turning Sounds topic: Product The and the light The The LCD The back
LCD The arrow buttons and the OK The and buttons (increase or the of The The topic: the You the of the to to To the from the To the the release and the the without first the release or topic: the You the the LCD Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK
You this Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the or arrow to and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK Press the to topic: the
Turning Sounds You off the sound heard when buttons the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Product Locations Select Sound and the OK You this Select the and the OK Press the to topic: the these sections to the Product Top Product Product topic: Product
Product Top Edge
cover release (beneath) Memory Memory light topic: Product Locations
Product topic: Product Locations
Product The and the and From the AC USB topic: Product Locations The or off of You the increasing the reduces the efficiency. the and From the the and the and OS topic: Product You the to the the off automatically. Press the necessary.
Press the or right arrow to and the OK Press the or arrow to and the OK You this To the the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the or arrow to the then the OK
the and To the the or arrow to and the OK You this Press the or arrow to the then the OK Press the to topic: The and You the software to the the or off automatically. Access the and right-click the the Select Click the Click the and Option Information
the and OS You this Select the of which the to off when as the Click Select the the to as the Click Click OK to the topic: The and You the software to the the the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select
and More You this Select the of which the to off when as the Select the the to as the Click Apply the topic: The and You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to from anywhere: Print, Print, and Scan to the Remote
the Scan to topic: Product Related With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or to and to the below. If already when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and Related Direct Protected (WPS) this free Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or the below. to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or
Remote Scan to to the wireless that from to topic: and More Related Direct Protected (WPS) Related Loading With Remote software or to anywhere the the below. to learn about and to the software. Download and the Remote software. the and optional of the to and this Select the and choose the Remote topic: and Related Direct Protected (WPS) The Scan to service to that with scanning. the below. instructions account and with
to the with the and selected. Select Destination Scan to Click then follow the instructions the to ready to the the Scan to service topic: and More Related Direct Protected (WPS) With Account, from Apple or to You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or the below. and connected to the the to the that IP the the IP the of Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to agree to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the
Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of Chromebook topic: Product Related Direct Protected (WPS) With Account, from Chromebook without or the below. connected to wireless the Turn Chromebook and to the wireless as connecting to of the following: Click to the that appears the of Chromebook If to appears the the lower-right of the Click this to the then to and the to
Click Click the that appears to Click the LCD displays Select OK or the OK to the and to Account and from Chromebook, iPhone, or with access. information using Print, topic: Related Direct Protected (WPS) allows to wirelessly to from Apple the of and from OS or If AirPrint. the below to the necessary. wireless the below. Apple to the wireless that from to the the Apple topic: Product
Related Direct Protected (WPS) Related Loading
these sections to Direct Protected (WPS) Network or Network You to with wireless router or The wireless router or connected to wireless or wired Wireless router or
Selecting Network From the with wireless interface Ethernet wired to the wireless router or Selecting Network From the topic: You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the software from the CD. The through or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that or and Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK You this
Press the OK to Press the or arrow to the of wireless and the OK button. If wireless manually. To the wireless network manually, Other and the OK as the wireless (or and then Press the arrow buttons to highlight character or function the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK Then highlight or and the OK to To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK Press the OK to To the OK and the and the OK
Direct should with the of the LCD If the the LCD selected the network or the incorrectly. these to topic: You to directly with or another without wireless router or with wireless interface Other wireless You of these to with or Access The acts as the to operating this displays AP the LCD
Direct The one-to-one with another Direct operating this displays Direct or the LCD To release the to from or other To from the Utility, Advanced Services Direct Direct topic: You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK You this Press the arrow buttons to Direct and the OK Press the arrow then the OK to the Direct If already or to Direct, they disconnected when the
Direct least and than characters Press the arrow to highlight character or function displayed the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK Then highlight or and the OK to To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK Press the OK
Protected (WPS) You this or wireless to the (SSID) the LCD then the shown. Press the OK to You AP or Direct the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP or Direct the LCD Direct these to try topic: Direct If wireless router or to the using Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there there WPS the software the WPS to to Network topic:
WPS to to Network Network If wireless router or Protected (WPS) to to the Press the WPS router. On the the button, necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK You this Press the arrow buttons to (WPS) then the OK button. Follow the instructions the LCD to WPS If the with the right of the LCD topic: Protected (WPS) You to the of Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK
Press the or arrow to Network and the OK You this Press the arrow to Network and the OK button. You this If connected to the displayed. Press the or right arrow to the Network Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK
or Network Accessing the You this Press the to the (Press the to the operation.) the shown the to topic: these sections to or to Accessing the USB to Connecting to New Router topic: You and its operating You this built-in from or other that connected to the as the IP that the
USB to Connecting to New Router On or other connected to the as IP the You the topic: or Network Related Network Sheet If already connected to using USB to or to wirelessly. of the following: If to the USB from With software. If to to USB the USB connected to Download and software from the using the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstall Product Software If the wireless router to to the router. If switch to wireless router, the router to and router instructions. of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the
Download and software from the using the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstall Product Software You to features type or to with features, of SSID and and selected the services Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK You this Press the or arrow to and the OK Press the or arrow to and the OK to topic: or Network
Loading Loading the type of Loading Loading Loading Capacity or or Product Software You and of and the the and its
the and the the If or the closed. the If of the sheets first and the to the or photo
or and first, the right and beneath the the the the too tightly. the back. Select the and type of the LCD To the existing the OK button. If to the the or arrow
Loading buttons to then the OK Select the and the OK button, then the type and the OK button. To the from appearing when the Source and to (This AirPrint.) follow these the recommended of first, which or top first. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You this inches
the the and its the and the
the to and the right as shown. the the too tightly. the back. follow these If of each or the arrow the
Loading Capacity that curled, or too thin, or that or topic: Loading type to this inches Approximately or A4 inches Bright White inches Brochure Double-sided Quality Iron-on Cool Based the arrow the two-sided to topic: Loading
You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON count Bright White inches S041586 inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041982 inches S041331 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 S042038 S041271
count inches S041062 inches S041467 inches S041257 S042180 inches S041568 Double-sided inches S041341 Brochure inches S042384 Quality inches S041106 Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading You inches S041067
or inches inches A4 inches inches topic: Loading this Select this Bright White Quality Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool Brochure Double-sided Envelope Envelope topic: Loading
or Product Software this Select this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Quality Iron-on Cool Brochure Double-sided topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the anything top of or its cover as writing to the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top facing the corner. the to the of the indicated corner.
You originals the they least inch from each other. The of inch from the of the If or another Scan, the of about inch from the top and Manually from the to the cover to topic: the Product Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying or the information to or using exactly the as Copying or Copying and Restoring You or black-and-white or and of including or the the to the Press the button, necessary. Press the or right arrow Copy and the OK You this To than the or to the to
Copying Press the or right arrow to of the following: B&W black-and-white Press the arrow and then the OK to the the You this Press the or arrow to To the the or right arrow and the ready to the To the Copying Copying topic: Copying Related the Loading Select the that matches the loaded.
Copying You these inches inches inches A4 inches topic: Copying or Select the copying options to Not options or other copying Copying option the or of Expands the to the of the With around the Reduce/Enlarge as the Custom Automatically the to the selected Custom Automatically the the to Selects the the the selected type Quality Quality topic: Copying or
Copying and Restoring You the as them. or the photo the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow More Functions and the OK Select Copy/Restore and the OK You this Press the arrow to On and the OK to the Press the or arrow instructions the Press the
You this Press the or right arrow to through and that to Press the or to or of the photo to If originals the the or right arrow to the then the or to or of the to To the the arrow You this
of the following: To the the LCD the OK and the To the the OK and the To or the OK and the arrow and the or to the selection and location. ready to the To the topic: Copying Related the Loading
from with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product You with as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting Preset Selecting or Selecting topic: from Select the basic the or to or the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of Select the of the as the You the to If photo, You type and to without the
Select the of If Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the 2-Sided option and the To of or of of the the and the options To and their the To To as that and combined with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White and the Quality topic: with Related references or Product Software Related or
Selecting Double-sided You both of the selecting of the 2-Sided options the Select of the following options 2-Sided (Long-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (Short-edge to and prompting to the the to the other Click the
Double-sided You this Select the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the Double-sided topic: with You of the options to Edge Select that the
Selecting Additional and Margin Select options that to allow Option Select option to when creating topic: Selecting You of and options or the More To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these options: Select the to option to to the loaded. the of the or as the and the of as the If to the the option.
Select the to option to reduce or or photo Select the the Select of the following Correction options: Select to the sharpness, brightness, and Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. Select to To the following features, the to Click the to and the to the information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the text and location of the header or footer. of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with
Custom Correction You of the options the Correction to the Brightness and and tones. the selected the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to turn off to the effects.
and Additional ICM Turns off software only software. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Text the of text to increase readability. Thin the of to increase Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Additional Prints the rotated from its High reduce the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the options to headers or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the
Selecting Preset These with You to the following information: The and from the topic: Selecting Additional and to of the or More You clicking the Click the or More
You the the of the to its of Click to its or of the options the to To choose Click OK
Selecting topic: with You that apply to the to Access the and right-click the the Select Click the You the options: Click the
You this Select of the to Click OK to the Click OK to the software topic: with You from these the the of as they printed. EPSON and and other each containing the title, and RAW Datatype Increases and other Increases when or the head
or as Increases when or the head and other that that text or the of to Prints graphics with Allow Applications to ICM Matching Allows to ICM the Source Prints the the rather than the topic: Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to
You such as this Click OK or to Checking topic: with
Checking Selecting this showing the of It allows to and To To to To topic: or the apply while that If to the Access the and right-click the the
the of the Software You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with Related Selecting You the the software Access the and right-click the the
Select You the Click the You the Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this
with OS Access the and right-click the the Select Software You this of the following: To often the software the every To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software Updates You with using OS as these If to to software
Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: from Select the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the expanded The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select the and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the
You these Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Product Software Related or OS Selecting OS Selecting OS
Quality OS OS You of the to the of the type and chosen. photo the with with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high Quality the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected this option the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white
Selecting OS topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If the or with option. You to the Quality to Normal You type and to without the Select the of or photo as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related
Selecting OS OS You of options or selecting from the the To sheet of the of the Sheet To the of the Direction To around each the from the To or the the or topic: with OS You the and to the or off software. Select from the the
Matching and OS Select of the Select from the the The the the option selected the Matching Select of the options. Matching and OS topic: with OS You from these the and EPSON using software or turn off Select the option to as the ColorSync and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the using the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or red-eye sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. off software only software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or
Preferences OS You this: Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the or that that or when Paper/Bright White as the or temporary Allows to when expended. High reduce
or OS Checking OS Warning Notifications choose whether or to warning from the software operating bidirectional Allows the to with the the when topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the
Product You the Select the following options as necessary: OS To the and the To the and the To the and the To the To the OS To the to the To the to the To the To the To the then click the topic: or OS If to the topic: from
Scanning Scan Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning from Scanning or scanning, of these Starting Scan the Product Scan the Scan Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning You to buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or the software to from the the firewall or security software. Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to Scan and the OK
The options displayed: Press the or right arrow to option and the OK Scan to Memory Card memory and the and other Scan to to account. To this account with Scan to (JPEG) directly to or as OS Scan to (PDF) as PDF to or as OS Scan to and to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and web-based such as Scan to (WSD) wireless or (English only).
Scan To this first WSD Services Devices) the to to. To to connected to If directly to with USB USB If connected to the from the Press the to scanning. Scan topic: Starting Scan Related Memory Card Scan to You or the when to the buttons. You this the of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or Select (OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or the as necessary. Click OK Click to the topic: Scan the Product
Starting Scan the Scan You the Scan to and the to to the Apps and EPSON Scan EPSON or EPSON Software (other Click or and or Select EPSON or EPSON Software and EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or
You Scan this: topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting Scan
Scan from Scanning You Scan from to and the the With OS X, to scanning with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly.
You Scan this: Scan when first topic: Starting Scan
Selecting Scan Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting Scan Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of This the type of scanning, selects and You options. You based the type of scanning. You and and Office You text and them You options and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan
Selecting the Scan Scanning Related Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan topic: Selecting Scan Scan JPEG operating or or scanning You the and options necessary. Scan and as the
You this
To options or the and OK To choose of the the checkbox the option. To the Click Scan Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Selecting Scan
Scanning You these options Scan from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the photo when scanned, necessary. (If oriented correctly using this option, this option and topic: Scanning Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and as the
You this Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the Select this option or to OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the necessary and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the
of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning You these options Scan Select the Option checkbox to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically.
Selecting Scan Backlight Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as photo inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the click the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned. To that the the option. You this the the and OK Then the the The topic: Scanning
Scanning Office Office Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the You this
Selecting Scan Office Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where Select the and that match Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the only the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click each and necessary the Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options Scan Office Not other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
Scanning Professional the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and text the from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the
You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Professional Selecting Scan Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to
of the following to the Normal Click the to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Professional the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the If the the the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not other chosen. Click the to
Click the or (OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and You the of using graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only.) Click the histogram to the Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced users only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Saturation the of the the of the
Selecting Scan Professional graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced users only.) Click the to the Threshold the which text and art OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned. To that the the option. You this the the and OK Then the the The
Scan To the or (OS X) to the and options as or the Turns or off. Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the using the as There of the and selected thumbnail as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the preview. Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as
If the using Scan's to increase the You the its Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the the to Print/convert to text (OCR): topic: Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan of the following to the which to Click the of the
Scanned and Optional Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from of and optional the Scan. JPEG that the higher the the the (The TIFF recommended when to or TIFF when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT OS PRINT II or that include PRINT II and the the displays the
Scanning with OS TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the this Select to the appear Scan Select to or OS to the where scanning. If the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS X, with image-editing such as With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. (You to the DEVICES or SHARED and If the button, If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary. Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan
Scan OS Scanning from Scanning the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning You these OS X, Correction graphical interface brightness, tint, and Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. topic: Scanning with OS the or smartphone or to or and them as Follow the information iPrint. topic: Scanning Related the software offers options to
Scanning to Destinations Scan Scanning Scan Scanning to Destinations Scan Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan topic: Scanning You or and them to and other such as photo-sharing or Scan. Scanning Scan Scanned to Facebook Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Uploading Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to JPEG TIFF and topic: Scanning You Scan to easily the and them to or other With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or scanning. of the following to Scan: to the Apps and Scan Select and OK necessary.
(other Click or and or Select Software and Scan and OK necessary. OS the Applications Software and Scan and OK necessary. You this: Click the Scan Click Scan the that appears to The displayed the Scan with To the of the the the of the the and the To the the and of the displayed the Scan information options.
Uploading Scanned to these each to scanning, of the to the You to the arrow to the to of them. The the software topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanned to Facebook Uploading Scanned to Uploading Scanned to Scanned to Uploading Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to You account with Scan and to Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account, necessary, and to Click On the Application Authentication to account. To the option
Scanned to Select from the If the to Selection) to to account, and If to it directly Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to Facebook account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account, necessary, and to Click On the Application Authentication account. Click to allow Scan to to account. authentication Copy the authentication the Please authentication and OK
Scanned to Select from the If the to Selection) the to account, and try If to directly Select option the Select the the uploaded from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and to only). You with Scan. Scan using Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account and to Select from the If to directly Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and
Scanned to If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account and to the account information the and Select option the the Briefcase to the Briefcase appear the the field. If the of existing the to that If the with that created.
Scanned to If to existing with the with the the with the Click to whether the account information correct. Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG TIFF and Related Scanning Scan You to Scan. Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If account Scan, the or Destination the account and to the URL the field. the information the and If to existing with the with the the with the Click Check to whether the account information correct. Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options
Scanned to If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG TIFF and Related Scanning Scan You to and them Scan. With Scan Microsoft and Mail/Windows If of these Scan the the Scan using Scan. Click the You this:
Scanned to With OS X, and the If already Scan, them the Destination field. Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options of the following: Click to choose the where to the Then OK to the to the and or to the operation. OS If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and Then or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG TIFF and Related Scanning Scan You to Scan. Scan Scan. Click the
JPEG You this: the the from the or If there options the selected and the options Click or the field to choose the where to the Click OK to the to the or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related references JPEG TIFF and Related Scanning Scan You from the following the JPEG Scan.
TIFF and The the operating the The Quality increases with higher the Encoding Embed ICC Profile Allows the ICC (information of to the that software the of the the ICC topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan You from the following the TIFF Scan. from the top to the when displayed browser. then with higher
Scanning to PDF The the operating the operating where the used. the and Color/Grayscale and B&W The increases with higher quality. Embed ICC Profile Allows the ICC (information of to the that software the of the the ICC topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Scan Office, Home, or Professional and PDF Format)
scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the selecting Scan You the Select PDF as the
Select other to the Click the to Click OK Scan and this Choose of the following If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the
Restoring Colors as You Scan topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan Related topics Selecting Scan Scan You the as them using Scan's Restoration You this of the restoration Office Scan offers that scanning. Scan. Select the to the or the Select the Restoration selecting Scan Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning
Related Selecting the Scan Related topics Selecting Scan Scan
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Scanning to Memory Card Memory Card memory memory the memory and the with the memory the the oriented correctly. Memory light force the the the only The memory light flashes and then
Memory Card Memory Card Specifications memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Removing Memory Card topic: Memory Cards With Product Related Loading You these of memory Cards with SDXC SDHC SD topic: Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to of to
Removing Memory Card topic: Memory Card with memory to to from memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory the memory light flashing. Memory light If connected to USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the or the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card
from Memory Card and and Related Loading these sections to from memory and topic: Memory Cards With Product these sections to and displayed LCD and and the Displayed the LCD From Memory Card topic: from Memory Card You as them the LCD Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK
The first memory displayed: Press the or right arrow to through and that to or Press the or to or of the to To and others the arrow buttons and the selections To the the arrow You this
and the of the following: To the selected and of to Select the OK and the necessary To the the LCD the OK and the To the the OK and the To or photo, the OK and the or to the or the to the ready to the To the topic: and Related references Related Displayed the LCD Screen You of the memory and Press the necessary.
Press the or right arrow to More Functions and the OK Press the or arrow to and the OK The first memory displayed: The LCD through and displays each the memory Press the arrow to the Press the arrow to the Press OK to to Press the or to or of the to
To and others the arrow buttons and the selections Once the You manually the to than photo To the the arrow You this of the following: To the selected and of to Select the OK and the To the the LCD the OK and the To the the OK and the To or photo, the OK and the or to the or the to the ready to the To the
Displayed the LCD topic: and Related Related Displayed the LCD If to or displayed the LCD the arrow and the OK Then the To the the to the or the to the outward. To the the arrow buttons. To the the To the the OK topic: and Related Related Displayed the LCD Select these options when displayed the LCD options Indicates the of Indicates the type of Expands the to the of the With around the Quality Quality the highest
From Memory Card options Red-Eye Off-Current off red-eye correction the On-Current correction the topic: and You or from memory of photo Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to More Functions and the OK Press the or arrow to Sheet and the OK You this Press the or right arrow to of the options and the OK
You this Press the or arrow to the that matches the and the OK Press the or arrow to the that matches the and the OK the selected, this
If the screen of the following: To allow to the automatically, and the OK Press the to to If to photo, the Press the OK when finished. To the manually, manually and the OK Press the arrow buttons to the OK to each If the to the when finished the arrow buttons displayed to Finished and the OK If to the the the or arrow to and the OK Press the or to or of each photo sheet to Press the OK To than of the photo the or to the to ready to the To the button. topic: and Related the to when or or or the or of the ID
Scanning to Memory Card Memory Card Prints topic: and You to memory memory memory memory or the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to Scan and the OK Select Scan to Memory Card and the OK You this Select the memory to Press the to the topic: Memory Cards With Product You to and from memory memory From
From from Memory Card to from Memory Card to topic: Memory Cards With Product from to memory memory to the memory this or from the memory memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Press the or right arrow buttons to and the OK Press the or arrow to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to type and the OK button. topic: Memory Card You to and from memory memory and connected to to and from memory while from the memory to memory memory of the following to memory from the or then the OS with USB the or then OS with Select the or the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD Select the that the to to the or memory
LCD to to the memory the memory light flashing, then and the memory to the displayed. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Removing Memory Card
and Graph You or stationery with background. and Graph You or and inches or A4 inches Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to More Functions and the OK
Press the or arrow to Stationery and the OK Press the or arrow to and the OK Press the or right arrow then the OK to of the following Thin Graph
the each option to the to the OK To than the or to the to ready to the To the topic: You or with of the background. inches or A4 inches memory memory Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to More Functions and the OK button.
Press the or arrow to Stationery and the OK Press the or arrow to Writing and the OK Press the or right arrow button, then the OK to of the following Without the each option to the
Select the of and the OK Select the to and the OK To the the arrow. to the OK To than the or to the to ready to the button. To the topic: You and or monthly from of these of inches or A4 inches Bright White Press the necessary.
Press the or right arrow to More Functions and the OK button. Press the or arrow to Stationery and the OK
Press the or arrow to and the OK Press the or right arrow then the OK to of the following to with hourly Monthly: monthly chosen month and the each option to the If chose Monthly the and month, and the OK Select the type of to and the OK to the OK button. To than the or to the to ready to the To the topic:
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD expended, to You to that than months or their cleaning and the head. Please of responsibly and with If would to to please to information. Cartridge Purchase Cartridges and Cartridges Cartridges with Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of LCD Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK button.
You this Press the OK You this The which or expended, Displayed of the following: If finished, the OK
Checking Cartridge with If to Cartridge and the OK button. the Once charging the OK the of the and to temporarily. topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges Related topics with Black and Cartridges appears to when and To the and the the
You this or indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences
You this the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge with OS Related topics with Black and Cartridges You the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and and Select EPSON You this:
Purchase Cartridges Cartridge the following as necessary: To the or indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges Related topics with Black and Cartridges You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON This only Epson-brand Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase and the within months of them.
Removing and Cartridges Standard-capacity High-capacity Black 220XL 220XL 220XL 220XL topic: Purchase Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If expended, the LCD which to and the OK button, then choose If the LCD the necessary, and Select then Cartridge and the OK
the the head hand; otherwise, the white the the the and the straight to of the or to
Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of the four or the the or the from the touch the the the immediately the the head and to
the yellow from the of the other or or the the and clicks
the and the The head to its and the charging the This about seconds. the charging finished. off the while the light flashing or If incorrectly, the and the clicks finished, the OK If or and the If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the supply or surrounding with the facing upside-down. topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges
Cartridges You the Cartridge to on-screen instructions This allows to or too of the following: Access the right-click the the and Then the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and You this: Click the Cartridge and follow the on-screen instructions to as necessary.
with Black and Cartridges with Cartridges topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges expended, temporarily from using the as as You with using with Cartridges with Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges If that temporarily with and to or To this Click Stop or to or Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type the Black/Grayscale Click OK displays Click Black to topic: with Black and Cartridges
with Cartridges OS Related Loading Selecting Product If and to temporarily with only or Click the the If that temporarily with the to OS Click the to If displayed, OK the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or You this:
Conserving Black with Select On as the temporary Click OK the or Access the from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type the option. Click to topic: with Black and Cartridges Related Loading Selecting OS Product The following appears when and there
The appears when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to the the Click this to the If this topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the You clean them them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to clean when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the sheets of the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK Press the or arrow to and the OK
You this Press the OK Press the the this
the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there and the OK If there or the Head Cleaning and the OK to Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary. If cleaning the head to turn off the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning
Checking the Related Loading You the head or sheets of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select You this:
Head Cleaning Click the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related Loading If and the the head.
Cleaning the Head the Product You the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head You the head using the of the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK Press the or arrow to and the OK You this Press the or arrow to Head Cleaning and the OK
You this Press the to the cleaning off the cleaning or The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. You this Select and the OK to to that the head clean.
Cleaning the Head If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Head Related Loading Removing and Cartridges You the head or sheets of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select Head Cleaning
You this: Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the light flashing and to the clean; and
the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Head Related Loading Removing and Cartridges
Head the Head the Product If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning You the head using the of the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK Press the or arrow to and the OK You this
Press the arrow buttons to Head and the OK You this Press the to while head You this the and the arrow buttons to choose the the each Press the OK each selection.
the Head Computer topic: Head Related Loading You the head or of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Scan or and Select and Select Head Click Next then to while head
You this: Check the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head Related Loading
Cleaning the Path If the back of clean the to of the the to without the there or the or cover. the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related topics Copying
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should the and when the to from or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the connected the Clean the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. Clean the and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise
the the the head and the from the its this the Turn off the the light to then the Disconnect connected the from the the and the to the with the white the otherwise, the
the the release and the the without first the release or the its or with cushioning around the the to the from the turning If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software Updates these sections to Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Memory Card Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the or the or Apps of OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software
Product topic: Related You often with the its LCD LCD loaded. the the the then the to clear the Combination of IP There with the to and The the of its service life. Turn off the and the of its service life. The the of their service life. nearing the of its (To the service life. Communication the connected to and software correctly. The turned to AirPrint. You to the the indicated the LCD following cartridge(s). canceled. the memory correctly and the while Recovery occurred firmware USB and the firmware If this
Product LCD Turn occurred. Turn the off and then back If the off and If there The the and the that the of reach where satisfactory or the reached the of their life. The LCD, or lights the when these replacing. If this the warranty of the the of the or of the covered the warranty. If the of warranty, the authorized service The user-replaceable topic: Related Cartridge Related Where to Related Loading Related topics Cartridges with Black and Cartridges operating properly. interface connected to the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK Press the or arrow button to and the OK
You this Press the OK Press the the this the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. caused software, or selected
the other this or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Uninstall Product Software Head Cleaning Head Related Where to Related Loading If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK You this
Press the or arrow to and the OK You this Press the or arrow to of these options and the OK Network Network You Press the OK to the selected topic: these sections while Software USB topic:
Software If hear from the following: The first the charge its head. charging finishes off the or charge improperly and the finished charging the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished approximately turn off Turn back and to charging If topic: Related topics Cartridges If while software, these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related Uninstall Product Software Related references OS
USB Network Product to Wireless Router or Access If the these To LCD text the To the of the or using the release topic: Related LCD If USB to to that the grounded. shock when touching topic: these or Product to Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network topic: If or to wireless router or these to within of router or microwave or such as If using wireless router, the router to and router instructions.
Network Software Product Network that router or operating correctly to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless using of the and to necessary. If using Direct that the If necessary, the existing from and instructions. If connected to Direct and selected Access low-priority the or the and the to of the topic: Network Related Selecting Wireless Network From the Network Sheet If these turned and connected to (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. connected to
Product Not Appear OS If necessary, software and try to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the the instructions the If router, software to to the router. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If connecting the wirelessly and displayed the LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. software correctly the instructions. If includes both wired and wireless services, the to which connected the top of the Service instructions. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network
Network Scan Network If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and turn off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If and the strength. If to router or microwave or such as If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function. If the wirelessly and the or appear the LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Selecting Wireless Network From the Network If Scan these If from restarted the software. the firewall or security software.
Copying If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. If high If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the to Network then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related topics Scanning these copying with Product Nothing Product It While
Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Cleaning Head This topic: Copying these sections using with Ejection topic: If feeding these If Then the the right and beneath the the the of the that the the arrow the If once, the the to the and
If when or than the recommended of sheets. If when both of the try sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related Loading Capacity Related Loading If with these the from necessary. Gently from the and Press the to If the with the Press the to turn the off.
Ejection the and the and torn the and the to the back follow instructions when topic: Related Product Loading If with ejecting properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic:
from Nothing Prints Related references or or Product Software Related Product Loading these sections while from AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. If the enough memory. the or the the and the following: or or as necessary.
Product Not Appear the and the offline. the and the as the necessary. OS X, Preferences from the Apple or Scan or then to or as necessary. topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Select EPSON then OK Click the Preferences Click the the option that the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from
Cartridge If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the If the head the follow the instructions this to and the to the its Complete the topic: from Related topics Cartridges If becomes try these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If using the Devices and If OS X, and the Clear or to free existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select
and Click the or or and and the following High RAW Datatype as topic: from Related OS or Product Software Related Selecting Selecting OS these sections with the or of using AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic:
Inverted Too If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS that the or software topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS If unexpectedly, try these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and
Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Related Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Loading If these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software. the to the amount of the of
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Position the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the topic: and Related Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the Click the the and If to USB directly to instead. If incorrect characters appear topic: and Related Selecting If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting
Printout Quality Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS If these Select higher software. Turn off high software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Loading these sections with AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic:
White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related or Product Software Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Cartridges If or smeared, try these curled, or incorrectly with or the specifications to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly each from the as it printed.
Printout or Printout right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Cleaning the Path If or try these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded.
Printout curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Cleaning the Path Loading Related topics Cartridges If these the of the correctly Select higher and turn off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software from the and high If the image-editing to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to
Incorrect Colors Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to topic: Quality Related Head Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Loading If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related Related Selecting Additional and OS
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan Related topics Cartridges these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related OS If Scan, these turned and interface securely connected both Scan selected
Scanned Quality such as or If and Scan. the and the using Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan If both and If operating Scan, try With OS X, to with and Scan scanning software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Starting Scan these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges Too
Consists of of Appears Scanned of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Upside-Down Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Scanned Edges Cropped topic: If consists of these facing the If the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Office Professional If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product
Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges Too If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related the If appears or these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too try these these Scan and try scanning
of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Upside-Down Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan using the This the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the photo when scanned, necessary. If oriented correctly using this option, the and when newspapers, or art, or than inches topic: Scanned Quality
Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped Related Scanning Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the matching and of and the software using to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with of the the Tone Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Professional Related Selecting Scan Selecting Scan Office If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly.
Memory Card Memory Card Not or from Memory Card topic: Scanned Quality Related the these memory with Memory Card Not or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card topic: If memory properly force You to with memory topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Related Memory Card If or from memory these memory memory with the the memory the If too memory the or prompted to of the of or of the memory specifications the of topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Specifications
To or From Memory Card Uninstall Product Software Memory Card Specifications Memory Card Related Memory Card If to or from memory try these memory memory with the securely connected to If to the memory the memory write-protect to to allow writing to the that the correctly. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Specifications Memory Card Specifications Memory Card Related Memory Card From from Memory Card to If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic:
Uninstalling Product Software You and then software to Turn off the Disconnect interface of the following: to the Apps and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the (other Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: Uninstall Product Software
Uninstalling Product Software OS Where to to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the sheet instructions. If the and the Scan or and the to topic: Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following options. (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the
of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products OS Scanning Specifications Specifications Specifications Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3 (U.S.) or the and
OS Scanning Specifications topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS inches Scanning US or A4
Specifications Color: Light LED topic: Technical Specifications Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Single-sheets A4 internal internal Black and white: internal A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
Printable Specifications and distributed to inches to topic: Technical Specifications the sheets Top and inch Quality inch Quality inch
Quality inch Quality inch Left/right: inch Top/bottom: inch Quality inch Quality inch topic: Technical Specifications
Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications This Epson-brand Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the Black Cartridge months to F to C) within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related Cartridge Cards with Unopened the the month F C) F C) and hours F C)
Specifications Specifications SD/2GB Compatible types/maximum SDHC/32GB type, V/5 type with supply of V; memory topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches inches (without and cord) topic: Technical Specifications the the its SDXC/64GB inches inches inches
Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications Rated Rated to to Approximately (ISO/IEC24712) topic: Technical Specifications to F to C) Humidity to RH (without to RH topic: Technical Specifications USB Interface type topic: Specifications Wireless LAN IEEE Wireless security WPA-PSK (AES); WPA2 with WPA/WPA2 to Ready off Approximately to F to C) month F C) WEP
and Specifications SSL/TLS: HTTPS IPPS Security Coordination topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6320-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications IEEE Direct IEEE AP with EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices Product Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products Product Instructions FCC Copyright Notice to follow and instructions the only the type of indicated the the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the outlet where the easily the outlet the as or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or to and top of and allow to or to the straight each If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the rating of the the off the the and the light flashing the or off to the If using the the from the the that its It properly or the back of the least inches from the
Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or or the the heat or sunlight. enough around the or cover the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the to or other with the of the Each the both connected the the white the the head hand; this the the or the with products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the section while the copying, scanning, or other to when closing the cover or as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. the the the head and the from the that the head the right) and the
Cartridge Instructions or the its or turn it otherwise Cartridge Instructions LCD Instructions Wireless Instructions topic: Notices of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or immediately Leaving the head and the from or tear the the this the from the of the This the to become the the of the when from the the IC the of the This operation. their this them to If the from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the its This the head. cool, from allow to least three hours with their facing upward. topic: Product Instructions
LCD Instructions Wireless Instructions FCC cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. too the LCD or such as or to the LCD topic: Product Instructions waves from this the of or such as or fire this near such or facility, follow the from authorized the facility, and follow and the to causing topic: Product Instructions United States This with of the FCC and the adopted the Council ("ACTA") On the of this that other information, the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. If requested, this to the telephone Applicable Service ("USOC") the RJ11C. and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and the ACTA. telephone and with this It to connected to that instructions The REN to the of that connected to telephone telephone the to incoming areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the telephone products July the REN this of the
that the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the If this to the telephone the telephone that temporary of service required. isn't the telephone the as as Also, of right to with the FCC necessary. The telephone its operations or that the operation of the If this the telephone to to service. If with this and technical or please www.epson.com information. This to repaired the customer. If this to telephone please America, Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: If the causing to the telephone the telephone that the the This service the telephone to service to the service or corporation information. If specially wired connected to the the of this If about what telephone or The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or (The telephone or other which charges or to this information the below instructions header information. According to the FCC's advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that
typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to connected to interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) (IES) interface interface tous CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B)
Copyright Notice topic: Notices EPSON EPSON and TM of Corporation. SM service of America, Inc. TM and Remote TM of Corporation. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other and the of Apple Inc. and TM Chromebook TM TM Chrome TM TM TM and TM of Inc. Direct of Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions.
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each to and of the copyright when While countries' copying or of copyrighted
Products Copyright Attribution those as as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. More achieved the to to shorter topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-42276R1 topic: Copyright Notice