About Product XP-600 the to this and instructions using Where to information Copy and from the easy-to-use this the basics. the wireless the and the from USB the or CD Copy to and from with the built-in memory and from anywhere with EPSON www.epson.com/connect and the and the The or to the as shown. the Touch The easy to the of To the of inactivity. Touch the to About Product
The displays only the that the on/off to the LCD shows and the of the arrow and OK to copying/printing/scanning or wireless the CD/DVD to the previous copying/printing/scanning Press the with the of too or To off the heard when or to reduce its or to OK OK Sound OK and of the The light when the connected to It flashes when wireless and wired). information the the or then the About Product
Loading You the following or 7-inch A4, or inch the the To the follow the instructions this section. Loading the the front cover. If the to the the there and This Loading
the If the the the then the the outward. the front to the Then with the or facedown. the the front Loading
the the too tight. the the the the as the the the right Loading
offers of high easy to the of and creative You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON EPSON Bright White inches S041586 EPSON Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided EPSON inches S041341 EPSON inches S041467 EPSON S041568 EPSON inches S041062 EPSON inches S042181 S042174 EPSON inches S041405 EPSON inches S041808 S041727 EPSON inches S041982 inches S041257 S042180 inches S041067 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041331 count Loading
EPSON inches S041809 S042038 EPSON Quality Self-adhesive A4 inches S041106 EPSON Iron-on Cool inches S041153 country. instructions, the or and the of the If the curled, or slightly the to smear the with the or facedown the the first and the fits the the the and sticking from the of the than the recommended of Loading inches S041141 S041649 S041271 Sheet count
Copying or Follow the this section to originals correctly the and or black-and-white of the the cover and facedown the with the the front-right corner. the cover the necessary, or to Copy then Press OK You this Press or to the of to Press or to or B&W (black-and-white) Press or and Copy then OK to Press or to then or to the selected To clear previously information about ready to To copying, two-sided, the front of the smears, Copying or
From Memory Card directly from memory the memory and ready to the of memory and instructions copying memory and the Card turned as shown. force the the the If memory the the the might The memory light flashes, then the LCD and them the Card follow these to the the memory light flashing. the or off while the memory light flashing; the If the connected to with USB of the following the memory or turning off the Right-click the of Computer, or and OS X: the from the the straight of its From Memory Card Memory light
From the LCD You as them the LCD the instructions of sheets and of EPSON necessary, or to then OK Press Press or to through and that to Press or to the of of that To the to change, then OK and as necessary. You the following: Select to and or to the LCD to the type, and other to brightness, and other to photo and the information these features, the and to ready to To From Memory Card
From This section the from or instructions including two-sided or EPSON Bright White with the the Select the command Select then the Preferences or button. (If or Then Preferences or the From Select EPSON Click to software
On the the choose the Source and the Select the type of (choose or Select the Source Select Select to the the Shortcuts and of the You clicking the button. To or other the and as necessary. the Advanced information about or Click OK to Click OK or to or photo From
with OS Follow the below to from OS X. or the and Select EPSON as the Click the arrow or to the necessary. Select and choose with option. If the isnt shown from the this and the From Select EPSON Copy and Application
Choose from the and Quality and other Choose other options from the the Click To the the Selecting the Correct Select the or OS X) software. This what of the coverage accordingly. this Select this EPSON Bright White EPSON EPSON Iron-on Cool EPSON Quality Self-adhesive EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON EPSON Brochure Envelope Paper/Bright White From
Scanning or You to or and them instructions, the Scanning with the Touch the to or and You and the or to service or to or as shown the cover the necessary, or to Scan then OK Press Press or and of the following options: Scan to Memory Card or and to memory or USB Scan to to that with EPSON Scan to PC JPG and to Scan to PC (PDF) PDF and to Scan to PC photo, and JPG to outgoing This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft or web-based such as Scan to PC (WSD) or (English only). To this first WSD Services Devices) the Press OK Scanning or
If to memory or USB then to scanning. If to USB connected USB or the of connected Press to scanning. Once scanned, its or as Scanning with EPSON Scan Software You and and them as the EPSON Scan software. You EPSON Scan from TWAIN- OS or Scanning with OS or instructions, the or as shown the cover the of the following to EPSON Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan OS Double-click EPSON Scan Applications Software To from Then the choose or and EPSON Scanning or
EPSON Scan the first (You the the the right corner.) If to photo as the then the Restoration Click Scan The and its the selected. Scanning with OS or You and and them as or as shown the cover the such as and from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. If would to such as Restoration and the Scan To the which to Click the Scan to scanning. to the selected. With OS or to scanning with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and photo correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, (U.S.) or Scanning or Click to the
Product Follow the instructions this chapter to and the head and If to the head, the To anything top of the or as writing If to the cover, microfiber-type cloth. Checking the Head If or them, of the the head or or of the Follow the below to the head sheets of the necessary, or to then OK Press Press or to OK then OK Press The printed. the to there the cleaning If there the head clean. then OK If there or the or to Clean the head then OK. Then follow the instructions the to the head Product
Cleaning the Head If and the the head. head cleaning only necessary. You the head expended, and to when You the first of the necessary, or to then OK Press Press or to OK Head Cleaning then OK Press Cleaning finished, the off the head cleaning or the or the CD/DVD head cleaning. Select OK then to and that the head clean. If there or or the another cleaning and the If cleaning the head four off the and least hours to Then try cleaning the head If of the to replaced. If that as If to least once month to Checking You the anytime right the LCD To the with or OS software, the instructions You or when the other expended. or necessary, or to then OK Press Press OK to The displayed. to necessary. Product
Press OK to appear when try to when This optionally offers and other from To offers or from the instructions Purchasing EPSON Cartridges You purchase EPSON and from EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the following when or purchase and High-capacity Standard-capacity High-capacity Black 273XL Black 273XL 273XL 273XL 273XL that EPSON and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and with higher-density or or with and and to quality, of the from the included and amount of the the within months of the and the the cool, If to allow them to to least hours them. Product
Cartridges You immediately ones. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the or the the head If or and the Turn If expended, the LCD indicating which to If the LCD Cartridge If expended, to to If the the head hand; otherwise, the white the Product
the to the replacing. Then the of the to Warning: If off thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or immediately. of the reach of children and allow them to the the using the that with of the or to If the Black (BK) the four or You to the Black (PBK) or of the other Product
the the shown Doing and the as they the from the and the included the head first the Then the of the clicks Product
Once the that replacing, the to the This the LCD finished. turn off while or If the LCD the and the firmly. If CD or DVD, the CD/DVD finished. Product
If with EPSON the the LCD necessary, or to to the of Press then OK Press or to Troubleshooting then OK to the topics. If the the to the from You the troubleshooting below, or interactive troubleshooting and (U.S.) or or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that or and Network network instructions, to the wireless router or with or another to that correctly. restarting the router off and then then to to Network Sheet that the and the strength. If the to router or to microwave or such as If wireless router its (SSID), the following instructions manually wireless If wireless router security the WEP or WPA correctly. using TCP/IP, DHCP option router to with this and the CD to software. the firewall temporarily to that causing the firewall
the to Wireless Network If to to wireless the CD and the the know (SSID) and necessary, or to then OK Press Select then OK Press or the of wireless then OK with If Other Networks then OK You this (SSID). If (ABC) or lowercase or then OK to them correctly. or then OK to the then OK to Select then OK to Select then OK to then OK when finished If network security the Follow the instructions to the If or lowercase to them correctly. Select then OK when finished the connected to the light should and flashing. the software from which to prompted software The wireless
Scan the Network EPSON Scan OS or and instructions. If from the restarted the software. EPSON firewall or security software. turning off the firewall. If high If the the If while EPSON Scan, EPSON Scan and seconds. If EPSON Scan the off and and then the Timeout EPSON Scan the EPSON Scan EPSON to with Network necessary, or to then OK Press Press or to then OK Press or to then OK Press to the and Copying the facedown (usually the whiter, or and the the and selected the or software the loaded. scanning, with the the front right of the If the cropped, from the slightly. You or when expended. To two-sided OS X, choose from the from the
If feed correctly, the and the sheets, then them as shown the than the recommended of sheets. information capacity. If follow the the LCD If necessary, the following areas: the and trapped the then the from the back of the and
the Quality the the whiter, or the isnt or curled. the quality, EPSON and EPSON the type of matches the type the or software If light or or they too to the head cleaning. If to the head. the instructions. The and Clean the with lint-free cloth recommended), or amount of cloth, necessary. directly the
Where to (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or to please the following information ready: Product (XP-600) Product (located the back of the and the of purchase (such as and of purchase and of the Then (US) or AM PM through and AM PM and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON
Notices Instructions EPSON and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the The with the only. with other fire or shock. the outlet where the easily If the the from the turn off the the and the light flashing the or off to the the the as or conditioning that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or to and top of and allow to or to the straight each If to the the or If there the them with of the and If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the the to or other with the of the Each the both connected the the that its It properly or the locations that to heat or humidity, or or the or heating or sunlight. or the the from of interference, such as or the of Notices
Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. enough around the the least inches from the or cover the or through the products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the the section while the copying, or scanning. to when closing the cover or the white the the the with the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. as specifically to service the yourself. or to the yourself, as specifically the that covered the operating instructions. or the its or it otherwise from the this Touch Press the with with force or The LCD bright or or brightness. This and that the only cloth to the or cleansers. items such as to the the with or or through the protective or respond. heavy items the the chips or cracks; to where or the performance to Notices
If the If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. Memory Card only memory the memory or off the while the memory light flashing. Wireless Network this or waves from the the of this such as or fire waves from this these To affecting the operation of the following and causing the facility; within inches of such as or fire Cartridge of the reach of children and allow them to the when there around the supply If off thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or immediately. If mouth, and right the or to the head hand, or the the IC the of the This operation. the the head the right) and the immediately Leaving the head and the from This the head. the the its If or the back the supply to from or to surrounding from smeared Notices
cool, from allow to least hours using Although the this function or performance. Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR Operation to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C491E FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Notices
Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 America, Inc., Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States, or from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the EPSON SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. EPSON service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as the United States, or Shipments to other locations You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If authorizes instead of to to or its authorized service where the repaired and back to You the and to and from the EPSON authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The Notices
or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States, or this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty to the EPSON caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty ribbons, or third or to the EPSON its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN EXCESS OF THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the EPSON Authorized www.epson.com. To the EPSON Customer www.epson.com/support. You write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Copyright Notice rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. to software rights Corporation, this includes software. to software CD-ROM of software and software to this of Copyrighted each user to and of the copyright when using While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright EPSON and EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. EPSON service and Small-in-One of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. Notices
CPD-37279 Printed XXXXXX