XP-310
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the of the Product Locations The and More these sections to the and Lights LCD Screen topic: Product The and the light The The LCD The arrow buttons and the OK The The
Position LCD Screen topic: the You the of the to it to To the from the To the the release and the the without first the release or topic: the You the the LCD Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow to and the OK You this
Product Locations Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the to topic: the these sections to the Product Top Product Product topic: Product
Product Top Sheet Edge
Product cover release (beneath) Memory Memory light topic: Product Locations topic: Product Locations
Product The the From the AC USB topic: Product Locations The off of You the off, increasing the reduces the efficiency. the From the the the OS topic: Product You the to the the off automatically. Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK Press the or right arrow buttons to and the OK Press or right arrow to and the OK You this
the Press the or arrow buttons to the of which the to off when Then the OK Press the to topic: The You the software to the the off automatically. Right-click the the and Click the and and Option Information You this
the OS the the of which the to off when Click the selected as the OK topic: The You the software to the the off automatically. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select You this
and More Select the of which the to off when as the Click Apply the topic: The You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers to and from anywhere: and the the topic: Product
the With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or and to as the If already when software, www.epson.com/connect to learn about Print, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and More this Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or as the www.epson.com/connect to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More With Account, from Apple or to wireless You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or If the first wireless as the
and connected to the the If already wireless follow these to the wireless that IP the the IP the of Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of topic: Product allows to wirelessly to from iPhone, and the of wireless as the Apple to the wireless that from iPhone, or to
topic: Product
these sections to Direct Protected (WPS) Network Sheet or Network You to with wireless router or The wireless router or connected to wireless or wired router or with wireless interface
Selecting Network From the Ethernet wired to the wireless router or Selecting Network From the topic: You or wireless using To wireless follow the instructions the and the necessary software from the CD. The through or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that or and Press the button, necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK
Press the arrow buttons to the of wireless and the OK If wireless manually. To the wireless manually, Other and the OK as the wireless (or and then Press the and arrow buttons to through characters. Then the right arrow to to the character. To switch ABC (lowercase), or and the To characters, the arrow. characters, the OK If to the the button.) Press the to should the LCD If the isn't the LCD selected the or the incorrectly. these to topic:
Direct You to directly with or another without wireless router or with wireless interface Other wireless selects of these to with or Access If already connected to wireless and the acts as the to operating this displays AP the LCD If already connected to wireless it and from other This other features to the operating this displays Direct or the LCD To release the to from or other to the previously Direct topic:
Direct You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the arrow to Direct and the OK Press the arrow then the OK to the Direct If already connected or to Direct, they disconnected when the Direct least and than characters
Press the and arrow buttons to through characters. Then the right arrow to to the character. To switch ABC (lowercase), or and the To characters, the arrow. characters, the OK Press the OK You this
Protected (WPS) WPS to to Network or wireless to the (SSID) displayed the LCD then the shown. Press the OK to You AP or the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP or displayed the LCD Direct these to topic: Direct If wireless router or to the Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there there WPS the software the WPS to to Network topic: If router or Protected (WPS) to to the Press the WPS router. On the the necessary.
Network Press the or right arrow and then OK Press the or arrow (WPS) and OK Follow the instructions the LCD to WPS topic: Protected (WPS) You to the of Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Press the arrow to and the OK You this Press the to the (Press the to the operation.) the shown the to topic:
or Network Accessing the USB to these sections to or to Accessing the USB to Connecting to New Router topic: You and its operating You this built-in from or other that connected to the as the IP that the network On or other connected to the as IP the You the options. topic: or Network If already connected to USB to or to wirelessly. of the following: If to the USB from With software. If to to USB the USB connected to Download software from the or from the CD that with the instructions the topic: or Network
Connecting to New Router Related to Uninstall Product Software If the wireless router to the router. of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the Download software from the or from the CD that with the instructions the topic: or Network Related to Uninstall Product Software You to type or to with features, of SSID and and selected the services Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK You this
Press the or right arrow buttons to and the OK Press the OK to topic: or Network
Loading Loading the type of Loading Loading Loading Loading Capacity EPSON or You of and the the and its the and the the
If or the closed. the If of the first and the to the or and first, the right and beneath the the the the too tightly.
Loading the back. follow these only the recommended of sheets. first, which or top first. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related references Loading Capacity You of and the the and its
the and the the the If of the first and the to the or and first, the right
Loading the the too tightly. the back. follow these the recommended of sheets. first, which photo the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You this inches
the the and its the and the the the
to the right them and the the too tightly. the back. follow these If of each or the arrow the that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading
Loading Capacity EPSON type to this sheets inches Approximately or A4 inches Bright White sheets inches sheet Brochure Double-sided Quality Iron-on Cool Based the arrow the two-sided to topic: Loading You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON
Sheet count Bright White inches S041586 inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 S041982 inches S041331 inches S041062 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 inches S041067 S042038 S041271
count inches S041467 inches S041257 inches S041568 Double-sided inches S041341 Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided Quality Self-adhesive A4 inches S041106 Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading You inches inches inches A4 inches S042180
or inches topic: Loading this Select this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Brochure Double-sided Envelope topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the the cover. facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other.
the to topic: the Product Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying or the information to or exactly the as Copying or You or black-and-white or and of including or the the to the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to Copy and the OK button. You this To than the and arrow buttons to the to Press the and right arrow buttons to of the following:
Selecting B&W black-and-white To the the the OK You the To the the arrow and the necessary to the button. To copying, the Selecting topic: Copying Related topics the Product Loading You the Press the arrow shown the the You this
Copying the following as to To the selected option the the or right arrow and the option To the or arrow the and the or right arrow to the option the selecting the OK Copying Copying Copying topic: Copying or Select that matches the loaded. type Bright White
Copying Copying type topic: Selecting Select the that matches the loaded. You these inches inches inches A4 topic: Selecting Select the copying options to Not options or other copying Copying option Expands the to the of the With around the
Copying option Reduce/Enlarge as the Custom Automatically the to the selected Custom Automatically the the as the Custom Custom to the the selected as the Reduce/Enlarge the selected type Quality Quality the or of topic: Selecting
From with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product Related Checking Software You with using as these Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting Selecting or Selecting topic: From Select the basic the or to or
Select the You to the option the or another command. If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of
Select the Quality Option that matches and the to Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the of the as the You the to Select of the options: If photo, You type and to without the If or photo with Select the of or as shown the If of the If to the the button. topic: with Related or Related or
Selecting Advanced You of the basic options to options or other chosen. the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off to the effects. Red-Eye or red-eye Prints first. of Black/Grayscale Prints text and graphics or of when Paper/Bright White as the or topic: Selecting Select the Advanced to the and and Click the Advanced You the advanced
Select the Quality Select the type of loaded. the type Select the to the Select the of the loaded.
Advanced Quality Select to photo, or to or photo with You type and to without the Select or as the of or photo. If Select of the advanced options. Select of the or off Advanced Quality Advanced topic: with Related or Related or You of the to the of the type and chosen. the with with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and
text and graphics with high and graphics with and and graphics with high quality. RPM the the topic: Selecting Advanced You of the options to options other chosen. Red-Eye or red-eye High reduce quality. Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the of Black/Grayscale Prints text and graphics or of when Paper/Bright White as the or topic: Selecting Advanced You the the Advanced to the or off software. Brightness and and tones. the selected the the
Selecting the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. ICM off software using the option. You then software. topic: Selecting Advanced You of and options or the
To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and options. To both of the options. To of or sheets of the and the options To and their the
Selecting To the of option: To to the selected the option the Advanced To the Expand as the then the necessary) to the amount of If the option the white photo. To the its without as the To to To or the the or checkboxes. topic: with to of You clicking the the Advanced Click the Shortcuts You the options:
or option to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with Once selected to and Click OK to You such as this
Checking Click OK or to Checking topic: with this showing the of It allows to and
Selecting To To To topic: or the apply while that If to the Right-click the the Select You the
the of the Software Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Right-click the the
Select You the Click the You the Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting
with OS software to the software. You often the software or this Right-click the the Select Software You this of the following: To often the software the every To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software You with OS as these
Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From Select the basic the or to photo or the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the expanded
The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them Select the and If these the them They selecting from the
Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these
Quality OS Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the options. Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related references or Related Selecting OS or OS You of the to the of the type and chosen. the with quality. with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and and graphics with high and graphics with and and graphics with high
OS Selecting OS RPM the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected this option the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white printed photo. topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the
Selecting OS Select the of the as the If photo, the or with option. You to You type and to without the Select the of or photo as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related You of options or selecting from the the
OS To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To or the the or topic: with OS You the and to the or off software. from the the Select of the Select from the the
and OS The the the option selected the Select of the options. and OS topic: with OS You from these the and EPSON software, or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the using the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. off software software.
Selecting Preferences OS Preferences OS topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select You this of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the that that text or
or OS when Paper/Bright White as the or temporary Allows to when expended. High reduce Warning Notifications choose whether or to from the software when bidirectional Allows the to with the the On when using shared topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the
Checking OS Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the You the Select the following options as necessary: OS To the and the To the and the To the and the To the To the OS To the to the
Product To the to the To the To the To the then the topic: or OS If to the topic: From
Scanning Starting Scan Starting Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or scanning, of these Scan the Product Scan the Scan Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning You to buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to Scan and the OK The options displayed:
Press the arrow buttons to option and the OK To PC (JPEG) directly to or as OS To PC (PDF) as PDF to or as OS To PC and attaches to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and web-based such as To PC (WSD) or (English only). To this first WSD Services Devices) the to to. Press the arrow to to If connected directly to with USB USB If connected to the from the Press the to scanning.
Scan Starting Scan the Scan Scan topic: Starting Scan You or the when to using the buttons. You this the of the following to to the screen and (other Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or Select OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or change. the as necessary. Click OK Click to the topic: Starting Scan the Product You the Scan to and the to Double-click the EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or
You Scan this: topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS
Scan from Scanning Related topics Selecting Scan You Scan from to and the the With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You Scan this:
Scan other than when first topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS
Selecting Scan Scan Related topics Selecting Scan Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of This the type of scanning, selects and You You based the type of scanning. You and and Office You text and them You options and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan
Selecting the Scan Scanning the Scan to from the the right of the Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You the and options necessary. Scan and as the You this
To options or the and OK To choose of the options, the the option. To the Click Scan Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Selecting Scan
Scanning Related Selecting Scan You these options Scan from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the photo when scanned, necessary. (If oriented correctly using this option, this option and topic: Scanning Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and as the You this
Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected automatically based the Destination choose.) this option or the Select this option or to text OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning You these options Scan the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically.
Selecting Scan Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
Scanning Office To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The topic: Scanning Office Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the You this
Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where Select the and that match Select the to Click the
Selecting Scan Office Scan and the If the that to Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options Scan Office Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
Scanning Professional the that appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where Select the type of as the or the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Professional Selecting Scan Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Professional Normal To to the Copy to the existing and it the To the then the If the the only the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not the Click the to Click the or OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Restoration the automatically. Backlight Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of using graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only.) Click the histogram to the Tone Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced users only.) Click the to the
Selecting Scan Professional Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The To the or OS X) to the and options as or the
Scan Turns or off. Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of the and selected thumbnail displays as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the Normal displays their the and other manually. If the checkbox deselected, clicking the preview. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the Scan's and Professional only), to increase the You the its image-editing Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the the to Print/convert to text (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan
Scanned and Optional of the following to the which to Click the of the Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from and optional the Scan. JPEG that highly the higher the the the quality. (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT OS
Scanning with OS PRINT Matching II or that include PRINT Matching II and the the displays the TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the this Select to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. If using the PDF or to scanning the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with image-editing such as With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary.
Scan OS Scanning Scanning to PDF Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning You these OS X. Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. topic: Scanning with OS software offers options to Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan topic: Scanning Scan, and PDF Format)
scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the selecting Scan You the Select PDF as the
Select other to the Click the to Click OK Scan and this Choose of the following options the If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the
Restoring Colors as You Scan topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting Scan You the as them Scan's Restoration You this of the restoration Office Scan offers that scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the or the the Restoration selecting Scan Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning
Related Selecting the Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting Scan
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Memory Card only memory memory the memory and the with the memory the the oriented correctly. Memory light force the the the The memory light flashes and then memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Memory Card Memory Card Specifications
Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Removing Memory Card topic: Memory Cards With Product Related Memory Card Specifications You these of memory Cards with Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory (M2)* Memory SDXC SDHC SD topic: Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to
Memory Card from Memory Card to of topic: Memory Card with memory to to from memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory the memory light flashing. Memory light If connected to using USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card these sections to from memory and
and and topic: Memory Cards With Product these sections to and LCD and Selecting Displayed the LCD topic: from Memory Card You as them the LCD Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK The first memory displayed: Press the arrow buttons to through to that to or Press the arrow buttons to or of the photo to To and others the arrow buttons and the selections To the the the OK You the
Selecting Displayed the LCD To the the arrow shown the and the ready to the To the topic: and Related Selecting Displayed the LCD Screen You the displayed the LCD Press the arrow shown the the You this
the following as to To the selected option the the or right arrow and the option To the or arrow button, the and the or right arrow to the option the selecting the OK topic: and Related Select these options when the LCD options Indicates the of loaded; the of copying Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying Expands the to the of the With around the
Memory Card From from Memory Card to topic: and You to and from memory memory From from Memory Card to topic: Memory Cards With Product from to memory memory to the memory this or from the memory memory or turn off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Press the or right arrow to and the OK Press the or right arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to type and the OK topic: Memory Card Related Removing Memory Card You to and from memory memory and connected to to and from memory while from the memory to memory memory of the following to memory from the or then the
OS with USB the then OS with Select the or from the the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD the that the to to the or memory LCD to to the memory the memory light then and the memory to the displayed. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Removing Memory Card
Lined and Graph You or stationery with background. and Graph You or and inches or A4 inches Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons, Stationery then the OK
Press the or right arrow then the OK Press the or right arrow and then the OK to of the following Thin Graph the each option to the to the OK To than the or arrow to the to to the To the topic: Related topics Loading
You or with of the background. inches or A4 inches memory memory Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow Stationery and the OK Press the or right arrow Writing and the OK
Press the or right arrow and the OK to of the following Without the each option to the Select the of loaded, and the OK Select the to and the OK To the the arrow. to the OK button. To than the or arrow to the to ready to the To the topic: Related Memory Card Related topics Loading You and or monthly from of these of inches or A4 inches Bright White
Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons, Stationery and the OK Press the or arrow and the OK Press the or right arrow and the OK to of the following to with hourly Monthly: monthly chosen month and the each option to the
If chose Monthly the and month, and the OK Select the type of to and the OK to the OK To than the or arrows to the to ready to the To the topic: Related topics Loading
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD expended, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of and with If to to please to www.epson.com/recycle information. Cartridge Purchase Cartridges Removing and Cartridges Cartridges With Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of LCD Press the arrow to and the OK You this
Press the OK You this The which or expended, Displayed of the following: If finished, and the OK
Checking Cartridge with If to and the OK the button. the of the and to temporarily. topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges Related topics With Black and Cartridges appears to when and To the the You this
or indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
Checking Cartridge with OS the checkbox the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges You using
of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select EPSON You this the following as necessary: To the
Purchase Cartridges Cartridge or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges Related topics With Black and Cartridges You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase and the within months of them.
Removing and Cartridges Standard-capacity High-capacity Black 200XL 200XL 200XL 200XL topic: Purchase Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If expended, the LCD which to and the OK then choose
If the LCD the and then Cartridge and the OK the the head hand; otherwise, the white the
the the and the straight to of the or to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of the four or the the or the from the the the the immediately the the head and to
the yellow from the of the other or or the the and clicks the
Cartridges Press the The head to its and the charging the This about the Cartridge charging finished. off the while the light flashing or If incorrectly, the and the clicks finished, the OK If or and the If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the supply or surrounding with the facing topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges You the Cartridge to on-screen instructions This allows to or too
of the following: Right-click the the and Then the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences and You this:
With Black and Cartridges With Cartridges Click the Cartridge and follow the on-screen instructions to as necessary. topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges expended, temporarily from the as as You with With Cartridges With Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges If that temporarily with and to or To this Click Stop or to or Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK displays Click Black to
With Cartridges OS topic: With Black and Cartridges Related Product Selecting If and to temporarily with or Click the the If that temporarily with only the to OS Click the to If displayed, the OK the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select You this
Conserving Black with Select On as the temporary Click OK the or Access the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type the option. Click to topic: With Black and Cartridges Related Product Selecting OS The following appears when and there The appears when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this
Click to of to or to using the the Click this to using the If this the topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path If become too light, or or light them, to clean the head Cleaning the You them clean them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head using the of the Press the necessary.
Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the OK Press the the this
Checking the the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there and the OK Press the to If there or the and the OK to Select and the OK to clean the head. Select and the OK to to that the head clean. Follow the instructions the to the as necessary. If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning You the head or
sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select You this: Click the to there the head
Head Cleaning head cleaning If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning If and the the head. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related topics Cartridges
Cleaning the Head the Product You the head using the lights indicating sheets of the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the arrow buttons to Head Cleaning and the OK The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. You this
Cleaning the Head off the cleaning or Select and the OK to to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to turn off the and least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges You the head or sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and
OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select Head Cleaning You this: Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the light flashing and to the clean; and the to there the head
Head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then cleaning the head topic: Head Cleaning Related Head Related topics Cartridges If become or blurry, of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality
the Head the Product Related Head Cleaning You the head the of the Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to and the OK button. You this Press the arrow buttons to Head and the OK You this
Press the to while head You this Press the OK You this
the Head Check the and the arrow buttons to choose the representing the each Press the OK each selection. topic: Head You the head or of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select Head Click Next then to while head You this:
Cleaning the Path the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head If the back of clean the to of the
the to without the the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related topics Copying
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product Transporting Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should the and when the to from or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the connected the Clean the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. Clean the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning it otherwise
the the the head and the from the its this the Turn off the the and to the head the right (the If turn the the head to then the off the to the with the white the otherwise, the the from the the connected the and
the the release and gently the the without first the release or the its or with cushioning around the the to the from the turning If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software these sections to Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Memory Card to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or With software You manually the software selecting Software Right-clicking the the On the the On the or the EPSON (other topic:
Product You often with the its LCD LCD (E-01) occurred. Turn the off and then back If the If there (W-02) the the then turn the off and back (W-03) the the then the to clear the (W-10) incorrectly. or the indicated the LCD (W-12) indicated the LCD the (E-10) service. The the of its service life. Turn off the and (W-13) nearing the of its service life. (To the (E-02) occurred. Turn the off and then back If the (I-22) To establish wireless the the or the the wireless (I-23) the PIN the LCD the or within If than time-out the and (I-31) To wireless from CD and follow the on-screen instructions. (I-60) WSD Services Devices). The Scan to PC (WSD) function English of or topic:
Product Related Cartridge Related Where to Related topics Cartridges With Black and Cartridges Loading operating properly. interface connected to the Press the button, necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the OK
Press the the this the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Head Cleaning Head Related references Where to
If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK You this Press the arrow to and the OK You this
Press the arrow buttons to of these options and the OK You Press the OK to the selected (Press the to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic: If hear from the following: The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the finished the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If it topic: Related topics Cartridges
Software Network If while software, these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related If the these To LCD text the To the of the or using the release topic: Related LCD these or Product to Router or Network Software Product Network
Product to Wireless Router or Access Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network topic: If or connecting to wireless router or these to within of router or microwave or such as that router or operating correctly connecting to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless of the and to necessary. If Direct that the If necessary, the existing from and instructions. If connected to Direct and selected Access low-priority the or the and the to of the
Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS topic: Network Related Network Selecting Wireless Network From the Connecting to New Router If try these turned and to (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. If necessary, software and to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the or from the CD that with the instructions the If router, software to to the router. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Network If appear the OS try these Turn off, seconds, then back
Network If the wirelessly and displayed the LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. software correctly the instructions. If includes both and wireless services, the to which connected the top of the Service instructions. topic: Network If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If and the strength. If to router or microwave or such as to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function. If connecting the wirelessly and displayed the LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Protected (WPS)
Scan Network Related Network Sheet Selecting Wireless Network From the Connecting to New Router If Scan these If high If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan the and the using Scan to the and EPSON Scan the to Network then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to scanning You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related topics Scanning
Copying Product Nothing Product It While these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Cleaning Head This topic: Copying these sections with Ejection topic:
If feeding try these If Then the the right and beneath the the the of the that the the arrow the If feed once, the the to the sheets, and If when only or sheets than the recommended of If when both of the try sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related Loading Capacity Related topics Loading If with these the from necessary. Gently from the output and Press the to If the with the Press the to the off. the and the and torn
Ejection the and the to the back follow instructions when topic: Related references or Related Product Related topics Loading If with properly, try these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related or Related Product
from Nothing Prints Related topics Loading these sections while from Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the to the right-click the and Select and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and
Product Not Appear Cartridge XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Computer Related Product If the first restarting If that this of the following: to the right-click the and Select and Sound Devices and Click and and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Click the Preferences Click the the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the allowing to the
If the head the follow the instructions this to and the replaced, to it the its Complete the topic: from Related topics Cartridges If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If using the and Clear or to free existing using when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the and the following High RAW as topic: from
and Inverted Related or Related Selecting Selecting OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS
Too Incorrect Margins Printout that the or software topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS If unexpectedly, try these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the
Appears Prints You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading If these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software. the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the topic: and Related Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the to the right-click the and Select and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If connected to USB directly to instead. topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting
Printout Quality Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading If these Select higher software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic:
White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Advanced Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Cartridges If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly with or the specifications to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software.
Printout or Printout If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related EPSON Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading If or try these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly
Printout the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges Loading If these the of the correctly Select higher and off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software topic: Quality Related Head Related Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS
Incorrect Colors Scanning Related topics Loading If incorrect try these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related EPSON Related Selecting Advanced OS Related topics Cartridges these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic:
Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan If software correctly, try these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS or to scanning with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related If Scan, these turned and interface securely connected both Scan selected power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the Scan to the and EPSON Scan the selected, then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the
Scanned Quality of Scan If both and If operating Scan, With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Scan these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Upside-Down Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic:
Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear If consists of these facing the If the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Office Professional Related the If of appears clean the with cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related the
Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too If appears or these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too try these these Scan and try Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan
of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Upside-Down Scanned Colors Not Match Colors If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan the This the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the when scanned, necessary. If oriented correctly using this option, the and topic: Scanned Quality Related Scanning Printed exactly match the because and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the matching and of and the software using to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with of the
Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped Memory Card the Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Selecting Scan Office Selecting Scan Professional If the of cropped, correctly If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related the these memory with Memory Card Not or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card topic:
Memory Card Not or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card If memory properly force it You to with memory topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Related Memory Card If or from memory these memory memory with the the memory the If too memory the or prompted to of the of or of the memory specifications the of topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Memory Card Specifications Related Memory Card If to or from memory these memory memory with the
to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software securely connected to If to the memory the memory write-protect to to allow writing to the that the correctly. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Memory Card Specifications Related Memory Card from Memory Card to If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface of the following: to the right-click the and Select and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the
Uninstalling Product Software OS (other Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow instructions. of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall or the and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow instructions: or Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the
Where to Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the or Scan and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply.
Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Specifications Scanning Specifications Specifications Specifications Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3 www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and
Specifications Scanning Specifications topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications top Approximately to to or topic: Technical Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS Effective inches Scanning US or A4
Specifications to and internal Light LED topic: Technical Specifications to to Humidity: to RH Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Single-sheets A4 inches and distributed Thickness to inch to to A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
Specifications to topic: Technical Specifications the expanded inch inch Right: inch inch
Cartridge Specifications inch inch inch Right: inch topic: Technical Specifications that and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Yellow, Black Cartridge months Unopened the the
Memory Card Specifications to to within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Cards with Compatible SD DCF DCF or month thaws and hours SDHC SDXC MicroSD* MicroSDHC* Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory (M2)* Memory
Specifications Specifications topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches inches Weight (without topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to to Rated Rated to (ISO/IEC24712) topic: Technical Specifications inches inches inches Ready off
Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications to to Humidity to RH (non-condensing) to RH topic: Specifications Interface type USB Class computers) topic: Technical Specifications Wireless LAN IEEE Wireless security WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES); WPA2 Communication Wireless LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. topic: Technical Specifications to to month WEP Direct
and Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation WLU6117-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices Instructions Product Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Instructions FCC Software Notice Copyright Notice using and follow these instructions. Product Instructions Cartridge Instructions LCD Instructions Instructions topic: Notices to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the only the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the outlet where the easily the the as or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or it to and top of and allow to or to the straight each
If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the rating of the outlet the turn off the the and the light flashing the or off to the If the the from the the that its It properly or the back of the least inches from the Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or or or or the the near heat or sunlight. enough around the or the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. connecting the to or other with the of the only the both connected the the white the the head hand; this the the or the with products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the section while the copying, scanning, or other to when closing the cover or
Cartridge Instructions as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. the Removing the the head and the from the that the head the right) and the or the it its or otherwise topic: Instructions of the reach of children and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or immediately removing Leaving the head and the from or tear the the this the from the of the This the to become the the of the when from the the IC the of the This operation. their this them to If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the its This the head.
LCD Instructions Instructions FCC cool, from allow to least three hours using with their facing upward. topic: Instructions cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. topic: Instructions To affecting the of the following and causing the Near facility. Within inches of Near such as or fire topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the
Software Notice Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes topic: Notices This includes software Section to the of each software the of the GPL LGPL and (each Section years the of of this If to the please the of You with the terms of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written Young
The terms of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL base-passwd-3.5.7 module-init-tools-3.2pre1 mount-2.12 GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL
Apache This includes the software which apply the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes software which the terms of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD The of BSD mount-2.12 RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC The of RPC
TCP Wrappers This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the "TCP Wrappers". This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the SHA1 This includes the software "SHA1" which the and of the copyright to the "SHA1". ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the and of the copyright to the "ARC4". This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the MD5 This includes the software "MD5" which the terms and of the copyright to the MD5 AES This includes the software "AES" which the terms and of the copyright to the "AES". topic: Notices
Copyright Notice EPSON and EPSON and TM of Corporation. SM service of America, Inc. TM of Corporation. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. of Apple Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each to and of the copyright when While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. More the to to topic: Copyright Notice
Copyright Attribution America, Inc. CPD-38706R1 topic: Copyright Notice