XP-630
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the basic of the Product Locations The and and More the Service these sections to learn about the and and Lights the LCD Screen LCD Turning Sounds Turning On topic: Product
the LCD The and light The The LCD The arrow buttons and the OK The and buttons; increase or the of The copying, or scanning, or The CD The back The topic: the the You and right when these arrows options Screen You and when these arrows displayed
LCD Turning Sounds To of the and of their topic: the You the of the to it to access. or to the as shown. topic: the You the the LCD Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK Select and the OK and the OK Press the to topic: the You off the sound heard when buttons the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK
Turning On Product Locations Select Sound and the OK Select Press and then the OK Select and the OK Press the to topic: the You reduce the the turning the option. Turning this reduce Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK Select and the OK Select and the OK Select On and the OK Press the to topic: the these sections to the Product Top Product Product Product topic: Product
Product Top Product CD/DVD topic: Product Locations
cover 2/front cover
Product cover Memory USB topic: Product Locations head/ink topic: Product Locations
Product AC Rear cover USB topic: Product Locations
The and the from the The or off of You the increasing the reduces the efficiency. the from the the from the the and the and OS topic: Product You the to the the off automatically. Press the button, necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK Select and the OK You this Select and the OK
the from the You this Select the of which the to off when and the OK Press the to topic: The and You the to the the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK
You this Select and the OK You this Select the the to and the OK button. Press the to topic: The and
the and You the software to the the or off automatically. turned Access the and right-click the the Select Click the Click the and Option Information button. You this Select the of which the to off when as the Click Select the the to as the
the and OS Click Click OK to the topic: The and You the software to the the or off automatically. turned the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select You this Select the of which the to turn off when as the
and More Select the the to as the Click Apply the topic: The and You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to from anywhere: Print, Print, and Scan to the Remote Scan to topic: Product With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or to and to network the below. If already when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and More Related topics
the Remote Scan to this free Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or the below. to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More Related topics With software, to anywhere the the below. to learn about and to the software. Download and the Remote software. the and optional of the to and this Remote Select the and choose the Remote topic: and More Related topics The Scan to service to that with
scanning. the below. instructions account and with to the with the and selected. Select Destination Scan to Click then follow the instructions the to ready to the the Scan to service topic: and Related topics wireless from iPhone, and with the of and with the of OS X. If AirPrint. the below to the necessary. wireless the below. Apple to the wireless that from to the the Apple topic: Product
Related Selecting the Source Related topics With Account, from Apple or to You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or the below. and connected to the the to the that IP the the IP the of Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information using Print, or the of
Chromebook Chromebook topic: Product Related topics With Account, from Chromebook without or the below. connected to wireless the Turn Chromebook and to the wireless as to of the following: Click to the that appears the of Chromebook If to appears the the lower-right of the Click this to the then to and the to If instead, Click Click the that appears to Click the LCD displays Select OK or the OK to the and
the Service to Account and from iPhone, or with access. information using Print, topic: Related topics You the Service to from or or to or from other You the Service from the Service, English only). topic: Product
these sections to Direct Protected (WPS) or Network You to with wireless router or The wireless router or to wireless or wired router or
Selecting Wireless Network from the with wireless interface wired to the wireless router or Selecting Network from the topic: You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the software. The through Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this and the OK button. of the following: Press the OK to the wireless displayed.
Press the to wireless Press the or arrow to the of wireless and the OK If wireless manually. To the wireless network manually, Other and the OK as the If the following wireless (or and then Press the arrow buttons to highlight character or function the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK Then highlight or and the OK to To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK Press the OK to If to and the OK should connected to the
Direct If the or appear the LCD selected the or the incorrectly. these to topic: Related topics or Network You to directly with or another without wireless router or with wireless interface Other wireless You of these to with or The acts as the to operating this displays AP the LCD The one-to-one with another Direct operating this displays Direct or the LCD
Direct To release the to from or other To from the Utility, WiFi/Network Services Direct Direct topic: You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select Direct and the OK Select and the OK Press the arrow then the OK to the If already connected or to Direct, they disconnected when the
Direct least and than characters Press the arrow buttons to highlight character or function displayed the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK Then highlight or and the OK to To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK Press the OK to
Protected (WPS) You this: or wireless to the (SSID) displayed the LCD then the shown. Press the OK to You AP or Direct the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP or Direct the LCD Direct these to topic: Direct If wireless router or to the using Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there there WPS the software the WPS to to Network topic:
WPS to to Network Network Sheet If wireless router or Protected (WPS) to to the On the the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select (WPS) and the OK Follow the instructions the LCD to WPS should the LCD If these to topic: Protected (WPS) You to the of using Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK Network and the OK
You this Select Network and the OK button. You this: If connected to the displayed. Press the or right arrow to options. Press the or arrow to and the OK Press the to the network
or Network Accessing the USB to (Press the back to the operation.) the shown the to topic: these sections to or to Accessing the USB to Connecting to New Router topic: You and its operating You this built-in from or other that to the network as the IP that the On or other connected to the as IP the You the topic: or Network Related Network If already connected to USB to the USB from Uninstall software.
Connecting to New Router Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstall Product Software If the wireless router using to to the router. If switch to wireless router, the router to and router instructions. of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstall Product Software You to type or to with features, of SSID and and selected the services Press the button, necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK
You this Select and the OK and the OK to topic: or Network
Loading Loading the type of Loading Loading Selecting the Each Source Turning the Loading Capacity or Software You photo and other these the inches inches inches inches or the the necessary.
the there and This the front cover. the The as shown. If the too the to reach, off and back to the the outward.
the front to the the the with the or facedown. the the front and the the of the
the the too tightly. the fits the the the the arrow the and Select the and type of the LCD
Loading follow these the recommended of first and facedown. the the the and from the of the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading Selecting the Each Source You to this the inches or the the necessary. the there and This
the front cover. the front cover to the the outward. the front to the
of the following: with the or to and as shown.
the CD/DVD from the Press the the and as shown. with the or facedown. the the front and the the rear of the
the the too tightly. the fits the the the as enough front of the the to ejected. or the while the Select the and type of the LCD follow these the recommended of first and
Selecting the Each Source the the the and sticking from the of the If of each or If when the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading Selecting the Source You the and type each the the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this:
Turning the Select and the OK Select Source and the OK To off the of the selection the the to Select and the OK Select the to Select Select the loaded. Select Select the type loaded. Press the back to another to or the to topic: Loading The when the match the loaded. You turn off this from the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select Functions and the OK
Loading Capacity You this Select and the OK Select and the OK Press the to topic: Loading the the of the type to this inches Bright White sheets A4 inches or inches sheets
type to this sheet Double-sided Quality Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool Brochure Double-sided topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON
Sheet count Bright White inches S041586 inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041405 inches S041982 inches S041331 inches S041062 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 S041945 inches S041946 S042182 S042175 inches S041067 S042038 S041271
count inches S041467 inches S041257 inches S041568 inches S041341 Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided Quality A4 inches S041106 Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading You Double-sided inches S042180
or Software inches inches inches A4 inches topic: Loading this Select this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Brochure Envelope The when from they apply to topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover.
facedown the with the top of the facing the shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other and from the of the
If copying the as shown to the first then the as shown to the the cover to topic: the Product Related topics Scanning
Copying Copying or the information to or exactly the as Copying or Copying and Restoring You or and of including or the the to the recommended of Press the arrow buttons to Copy and the OK To than the or to the to Press the right or arrow to or B&W
Copying Press the arrow then the OK to and necessary. ready to the To copying, the Copying Copying Copying topic: Copying Related Related the Related topics Loading Select that matches the loaded. type Bright White High Quality Iron-on Cool Quality Double-sided
Copying Copying type topic: Copying or Select the that matches the loaded. You only these inches inches inches inches topic: Copying or Select the copying options to options or other copying Copying option Varying the or of Background or the background or On
Copying option 2-Sided Copying 1>1-Sided the to 1>2-Sided With around the Expands the to the of the A4, Copy originals Copy originals A4, of or of or Reduce/Enlarge Custom Automatically the the Automatically the to the selected and other Automatically from to another Selects the the the selected type Source
and Restoring Copying option Text text Text that includes text and photograph Quality only) the highest the of originals when Landscape Sided selected) Margin Edge the of Top Edge when selected) the amount of or appear the front of the when the topic: Copying or Related Copying Copying You the as them. the
Press the button, necessary. Press the arrow buttons to More Functions and the OK Select Copy/Restore and the OK You this Select On and the OK to the Press the or arrow buttons instructions the Press the Press the or to or of the to If originals the the or right arrow to the then or to or of the photo to To the the arrow or of the following: To the the LCD the OK button, and the To the and Copy the OK and the
To the the OK and the To black-and-white the OK and B&W To or photo, the OK and the or and arrow buttons to the ready to the To the topic: Copying Related Copying Copying Copying Related the Related topics Loading
from with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product You with using as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting Preset Selecting or Selecting topic: from the basic the or photo to photo or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of the Source where the to Select the of the as the You the to to the
If photo, You to options You type and to without the Select the of If Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the option. To of or of of the the and the options To and their the options. To reduce when Paper/Bright White To To as that and with other Source Quality topic: with Related
Source Quality or Software Related Selecting Double-sided or You of the options the Source to the that Selection selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the as the Selects the as the and switches to when empty. CD/DVD Selects the CD or DVD the CD/DVD topic: Selecting You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. and High and graphics with high quality. More that choose of and topic: Selecting
Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and Prints of to Click the to and options. topic: Selecting You both of the selecting of the options the options or other chosen or the Select of the following options (Long-edge to the the (Short-edge to the the (Long-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (recommended that (Short-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (recommended that Click the
You this Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the
Double-sided You this the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided topic: with Related Selecting You of the options the to Edge Select that the
Margin Select options that to allow Selects whether the front or back Select the and option to as topic: Selecting You of the options the to the of the of Increase Drying the amount of of the the other to topic: Selecting Double-sided
Selecting Additional and You of and options or photo the More To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these options: Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or as the and the of as the If to the the option. Select the to option to reduce or or the the Select of the following Correction Select to the sharpness, brightness, and
Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. Select to You Universal To the following features, the to Click the to and the to the information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the text and location of the header or footer. Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with
Custom Correction You of the options the Correction to the Brightness and and tones. the selected the using the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects.
and Additional ICM off software software. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Text the of text to increase readability. Thin the of to increase Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or red-eye Text Black Prints Text Prints text background or and Prints graphics and with Text, Graphs, and Prints graphics, and with Universal graphics, and Additional Prints the rotated from its
High reduce the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the options to or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the These with You to the following information: The and from the topic: Selecting Additional and
Selecting to of the or More You clicking the Click the or You the the of the to its of
Selecting Click to its or of the options the to To choose Click OK topic: with You that apply to the to Access the and right-click the the Select Click the You the
Click the You this Select of the to Click OK to the Click OK to the software topic: with You from these the the of as they printed. EPSON and and other Prevents the of the the incorrect; reduce Thick and Prevents from smearing when or other thick
or each containing the title, and RAW Datatype Increases and other Increases when or the head as Increases when or the head and other that that text or the of to Prints graphics with Allow Applications to ICM Allows to ICM the Source Prints the the rather than the topic: Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to
You such as this Click OK or to topic: with
Checking Selecting this showing the of It allows to and To To to To topic: or the apply while that If to the Access the and right-click the the Select
the of the Software You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Access the and right-click the the Select You the
Click the You the options: Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this Access the and right-click the the Select Software
with OS You this of the following: To often the software the To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software You with OS as these If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: from Select the the or photo to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the expanded The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select the and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the
You these Select the Source to from. If this the currently selected the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS
Source OS Quality OS Related or Software Related Selecting OS or OS You of the options the Source to from that Selects the as the Selects the as the topic: Selecting OS You of the to the of the type and chosen. the with with reduced Normal and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and Quality the the topic: Selecting OS
OS Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected this option the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If the or with option. You to the Quality to Normal You type and to without the
Selecting OS Select the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related You of options or selecting from the the To of the of the Sheet To the of the Direction To around each the from the To invert or the the or
Selecting Double-sided OS topic: with OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the options or other chosen or the This the of OS of the Two-sided
Double-sided and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS You of the options the Two-sided or to Two-sided Long-Edge to bound the of the
OS Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided OS You the and to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the options.
and OS Select from the the The the the option selected the Matching Select of the and OS topic: with OS You from these the Matching and EPSON using software or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the using the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or red-eye sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. off software using software. ICC turned off. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and or
Preferences OS You this: Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the or Thick and from smearing when or other thick that that or temporary Allows to when expended.
or OS Switching Automatically switches to the other when of the of High reduce Warning Notifications choose whether or to warning from the software operating bidirectional Allows the to with the the when topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS
Checking OS Product the of and Click the when appears the You the Select the following options as of OS X: To the and or To the and or To the and or To or To other information, or topic: or OS If to the topic: from
Scanning Scan Starting Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or scanning, of these Starting Scan the Product Starting Scan the Scan Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning You to buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or the software to from the the firewall or security software. Press the necessary. Press the arrow to Scan and the OK
The options displayed: Select option and the OK Scan to Memory Card memory and the quality, and other Scan to to that with To this account with Scan to (JPEG) directly to or as OS Scan to (PDF) as PDF to or as OS Scan to and attaches to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and web-based such as Scan to (WSD) wireless or (English only).
Scan to Memory Card To this first WSD Services Devices) the to to. To to PC, connected to If directly to with USB USB If connected to the from the Press the to scanning. Scan to Memory Card Scan topic: Starting Scan Select the Scan to Memory Card options to Scan to Memory Card options JPG JPG PDF PDF Select or black-and-white B&W Scan Selects the or A4 Text Selects the type of Photograph or the with or OCR highest
Scan Scan the Scan Scan to Memory Card options Decrease or increase the of originals topic: Starting Scan the Product You or the when to the buttons. You this using the of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or Select (OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or the as necessary. Click OK Click to the topic: Starting Scan the Product You the Scan to and the to to the Apps and EPSON Scan EPSON or EPSON Software
(other Click or and or Select EPSON or EPSON Software and EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or
You Scan this: topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS
Starting Scan from Scanning You Scan from to and the the and its option. instructions.)
Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You Scan this:
Selecting Scan Scan the instead of the Scan Select options as necessary. topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of This the type of scanning, selects and You options. You based the type of scanning. You options, and and Office You text and them You options and Professional You manually and and
Selecting the Scan Scanning topic: Selecting Scan Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You the and options necessary. Scan and as the
You this
To options or the and OK To choose of the options, the checkbox the option. To the Click Scan Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Selecting Scan
Scanning You these options Scan from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the when scanned, necessary. (If oriented correctly using this option, this option and topic: Scanning Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. You the when Scan and as the
You this Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the Select this option or to text using OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the
of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click the and necessary the Scan topic: Scanning You these options Scan Select the Option to of the grayed-out the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically.
Selecting Scan Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The only the of the that scanned. To that the the option. You this the the and OK Then the the The topic: Scanning
Scanning Office Office Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the You this
Selecting Scan Office the that matches the Source indicating where Select the and that match Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options Scan Office Not other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
Scanning Professional the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which and art OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the
You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or the Source indicating where Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Professional Selecting Scan Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Grayscale Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to
of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Professional To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the If the the the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not other chosen. Click the to Click the or (OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Backlight Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced only.) Click the histogram to the Tone Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced users only.) Click the to the
Selecting Scan Professional Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned. To that the the option. You this the the and OK Then the the The
Scan To the or (OS X) to the and options as or the or off. Unlock Unlocks the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the using the as There of the and selected thumbnail displays as with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the thumbnail preview. Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the preview. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as
If the using Scan's to increase the You the its Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the screen/post the to Print/convert to text (OCR): topic: Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan of the following to the which to Click the of the
Scanned and Optional Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from of and optional the Scan. JPEG that highly the higher the the the (The TIFF recommended when to or TIFF when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS using or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS PRINT Matching II or that include PRINT Matching II and the the displays the
Scanning with OS TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite with the this Select to the appear Scan Select to or OS to the where scanning. If using the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS X, with using image-editing such as With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or editing such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED the necessary. (You to the DEVICES or SHARED and If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary.
Scan OS Scanning Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning You these OS X, Correction graphical interface brightness, tint, and Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. and reduce topic: Scanning with OS software offers options to Scanning to Destinations Scan Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan
Scanning to Destinations Scan Scanning Scan topic: Scanning You or and them to Facebook and other such as photo-sharing or Scan. Scanning Scan Scanned to Facebook Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Uploading Scanned to Scanned to JPEG TIFF and topic: Scanning You Scan to easily the and them to Facebook or other With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or scanning. of the following to Scan: to the Apps and Scan and OK necessary. (other Click or and or Select Software and Scan Select and OK necessary. OS the Applications Software and Scan Select and OK necessary.
You this: Click the Scan Click Scan the that appears to The the Scan with You to the to Scan. To the of the the the of the the and the To the the and of the the Scan information these each to
Uploading Scanned to scanning, of the to the You to the arrow to the to of them. The the software topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Uploading Scanned to Facebook Uploading Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to You Facebook account with Scan and to Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account, necessary, and to Click On the Application Authentication to Facebook account. To the option
Scanned to from the If the to Selection) to to Facebook account, and If to directly Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and Scan using Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account, necessary, and to Click On the Application Authentication account. Click to allow Scan to to account. authentication Copy the authentication the Please authentication field and OK
Scanned to Select from the If the to Selection) the to account, and If to it directly Select option the Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and to only). You with Scan. Scan using Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account and to Select from the If to directly Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and
Uploading Scanned to If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account and to the account information the and Select option the the Briefcase to the Briefcase appear the the field. If the of existing the to that If the with that created.
Uploading Scanned to If to existing with the with the the with the Click to whether the account information correct. the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG TIFF and Related Scanning Scan You to Scan. Scan using Scan. Click the
You this: If account Scan, the or Destination the account and to the URL the field. the information the and If to existing with the with the the with the checkbox. Click to whether the account information correct. Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options
Uploading Scanned to If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG TIFF and Related Scanning Scan You to and them Scan. With Scan Microsoft and Mail/Windows If of these applications, Scan the the Scan Scan. Click the You this:
Scanned to With OS X, and text the If already Scan, them the Destination field. Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options of the following: Click to choose the where to the Then OK to the to the and or to the operation. OS If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and Then or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG TIFF and Related Scanning Scan You to Scan. Scan Scan. Click the
JPEG You this: Select the the from the or If there options the selected and the options Click or the to choose the where to the Click OK to the to the or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG TIFF and Related Scanning Scan You from the following the JPEG Scan.
TIFF and The the operating Quality the The increases with higher quality. Encoding the Embed ICC Profile Allows the ICC (information of to the that software the of the the ICC topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan You from the following the TIFF Scan. from the top to the when displayed browser, then with higher
Scanning to PDF The the operating the operating where the used. the and Color/Grayscale and B&W The increases with higher quality. Embed ICC Profile Allows the ICC (information of to the that software the of the the ICC topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Scan Office, Home, or Professional and PDF Format)
scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the selecting Scan You the Select PDF as the
other to the Click the to Click OK Scan and this Choose of the following If only If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the
Restoring Colors as You Scan topic: Scanning Related the Selecting the Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting Scan You the as them Scan's Restoration You this of the Office Scan offers that scanning. Scan. the to Select the or the Select the Restoration selecting Scan Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning
Related the Selecting the Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting Scan
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Memory Card memory the memory the memory and the with the memory the the oriented correctly. Memory light force the the the The memory light flashes and then the memory or off while the memory light flashing, or from the memory
Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Removing Memory Card topic: Memory Cards With Product You these of memory Cards with You the following the memory SD SDHC SDXC topic: Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the with DCF or to to 2GB of to
Removing Memory Card from Memory Card DCF built-in memory supported. topic: Memory Card with memory to to from memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory the memory light If connected to USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the or the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card these sections to from memory and From Memory Card
and and From the LCD Cards topic: Memory Cards With Product these sections to and LCD and From the LCD Memory Card Memory Card topic: from Memory Card You as them the LCD Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK memory displayed: Press the right or arrow to through and that to or Press the or to or of the photo to To and the To the arrow
You this of the following: To the OK and the To the selected and of to Select the OK and the To the the LCD the OK and the To the the OK and the To the appearance and of the OK and the To apply tone or black-and-white to the or photo, the OK and the To or photo, the OK button, and the or to the or the to the finished, the OK ready to the To the
Memory Card topic: and Related Memory Card Memory Card Select the options to when and the LCD The the of the photo, the options On Automatically the brightness, and of the based the Detection that selected. off below P.I.M. PRINT or Detection the of the option that matches People Night Red-Eye Automatically the On Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects.
Memory Card topic: and Related references Memory Card Memory Card Select the options to when displayed the LCD To to the the and the OK options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected Source Prints Prints Prints and then when the first the and type of both when selecting this option) Expands the to the of the With around the Quality the highest
From Memory Card options Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white Prints the the the the Info. On off this Text Prints that Prints location information that built-in GPS On Automatically the to the selected photo off Bidirectional On Prints to topic: and Related Memory Card Memory Card Copying Copying You or from memory of photo Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to More Functions and the OK Select and the OK
You this Select of the options and the OK You this Select the that matches the and the OK Select the that matches the and the OK button.
the selected, this If the of the following: To allow to the automatically, and the OK Press the to to If to photo, the Press the OK when finished. To the manually, Manually and the OK Press the arrow to options, the OK to each photo If the to the when the arrow to Finished and the OK If to the the the or arrow to and the OK Press the or to or of each to Press the OK To than of the the or to the to ready to the To the
Cards topic: from Memory Card Related Copying Copying Related topics Loading Select the to when Prints or or or the or of the ID Prints Prints the of Index Prints to topic: From Memory Card You using memory or other and handwritten or First and template Then the template, and cards. Creating and Card Template Card from Template topic: from Memory Card
Creating and Card Template and memory Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to More Functions and the OK Select Card and the OK Select Select and Template and the OK Press the or right arrow to the and the OK Select to three or to Then the OK Select the type of to and the OK Select the other as necessary, the OK each selection. ready to template the button. topic: Cards Related Card from Template
Card from Template template printed, to and or to the and the Text and Text Effects. within the You write hand, and the or the that (lower) this inches or this Select Cards from Template and the OK (If the option, the and More Functions Card Cards from Template Follow the instructions the LCD to the template facedown the with the facing the front right corner. the cover and the OK To than the or to the to ready to the To the
Memory Card from from Memory Card to necessary. topic: Cards Related Creating and Card Template You to and from memory memory from from Memory Card to topic: Memory Cards With Product from to memory memory to the memory this or from the memory memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory memory from the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK Select type and the OK topic: Memory Card Related Removing Memory Card You to and from memory memory and connected to to and from memory while from the memory
connected to memory memory of the following to memory from the or utility, then the OS with USB the or then OS with Select the or the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD Select the that the to to the or memory LCD to to the memory the memory light flashing, then and the memory to the displayed. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card
with Product from Selecting and Follow the instructions these sections to with such as smartphone, or other from or from USB or If that PictBridge directly from the to JPG and from to the of of type, and supported, and the Selecting and Connecting and from from Wirelessly topic: with Product from and the only the of the photo, the Press the button, necessary.
Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK button.
Select and the OK button. the to the back Select and the OK Select the to then the to ready to and
topic: from Related Connecting and from Select these options when from options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected Source Prints Prints Prints and then when the first the and type of both when selecting this option)
options Expands the to the of the With around the Prints photo Prints the selected of and or CD/DVD or Prints the or of the ID Prints sheet Prints photo the of Index Prints to thumbnail Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white the which the On Prints the which the Info. Text Prints text that Prints location information that built-in GPS
options On Automatically the to the selected photo off Bidirectional On Prints to CD of Selects and outer CD the when from topic: Selecting and Related Copying Copying Select these photo options when from The only the of the photo, the options On Automatically the brightness, and of the based the Detection that selected off below P.I.M PRINT Matching or from
Connecting and from options Detection the of the option that matches People Night Red-Eye the red-eye On Automatically the off the tone to the or B&W black-and-white to the or Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: Selecting and the turned memory from the the to
from Wirelessly the USB that with to the USB the front of You the USB to from to Turn Follow the instructions that with to and off and from the topic: from Related Memory Card Related topics Loading You from using wireless to and PictBridge (DPS IP). memory from the the to Turn the wireless the that with the connected to the as the You Network to Follow the instructions that with to and off and from the topic: from Related Memory Card Network
or from USB or USB Specifications Connecting and USB or Related topics Loading You and from USB or other such as or CD/DVD the with the USB Specifications Connecting and USB or topic: with Product Related and From the LCD You that these specifications. JPEG with the with DCF or to to 2GB of to DCF built-in memory supported. topic: or from USB or or the turned the of
memory from the the to USB or the USB that with the USB the front of (such as CD) necessary. Select the to from the LCD the light the flashing, then or from the the USB or off the when the light flashing, or the topic: or from USB or Related Removing Memory Card and From the LCD Screen Related topics Loading
Coloring You or stationery with photo background. Coloring Lined Graph and You from memory or from photo or the of these of inches or A4 inches Bright White memory or or the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to More Functions and the OK
Select Coloring and the OK Select of the following or to from facedown the the front right Memory Card to from memory then Press the OK Press the or right arrow to the and type of that loaded. Press the arrow to Source and where If necessary, the following to the or Detection to the amount of the ready to the To the button. topic: Related the Memory Card Related topics Loading You or with of the background. inches or A4 inches memory memory Press the necessary.
Press the arrow to More Functions and the OK Select Stationery and the OK Select Writing and the OK Select of the options and the OK the each option to the Select the of and the OK
Lined Graph and Select the to and the OK To the the arrow to the OK To than the or to the to ready to the To the topic: Related Memory Card Related topics Loading You and or and or A4 inches Press the necessary. Press the arrow to More Functions and the OK
Select Stationery and the OK Select and the OK Select of the options and the OK the each option to the Select the of and the OK to the OK To than the or to the to ready to the To the topic: Related topics Loading You and or monthly from inches or A4 inches
Press the necessary. Select More Functions and the OK Stationery and the OK Select and the OK Select of the options and the OK the each option to the If chose Monthly the and month, and the OK Select the type of to and the OK to the OK button. To than the or to the to to the To the topic: Related topics Loading
CD/DVD Loading CD/DVD Follow the instructions to CDs or to CD/DVD Loading CD/DVD Removing Printed CD/DVD CD/DVD the Copying CD/DVD from Memory Card Onto CD/DVD from Memory Card CDs/DVDs from You of the following to and Copy existing to from memory text and from using the CD software You to with from memory topic: CDs/DVDs Related Copying CD/DVD from Memory Card Onto CD/DVD from Memory Card Related topics CDs/DVDs from You CDs or including
the CD/DVD while the copying, or other operations. or the of the CD/DVD become or scratched. If where the to within inch of the to the using the or CD software. or Press the necessary. Press the CD CD/DVD and the OK to CD and the OK the the nothing the then the front cover.
the CD/DVD from the of the CD or DVD the CD/DVD with the and the the the the the and the the
Removing Printed CD/DVD Press the OK off the with CD or DVD the first. topic: CD or DVD printed, the automatically. the CD/DVD of the and CD or DVD from the
CD/DVD the the CD/DVD the the of the the CD or DVD You to to hours the to the type of used. from and sunlight. topic: You CD or DVD the and the another CD or DVD. the cover. CD or DVD facedown the of the
Copying CD/DVD the cover to topic: CDs/DVDs You photo or CD/DVD directly CD or DVD. If first the CD, DVD, or to Press the necessary. Press the CD Select CD/DVD Copy and the OK Follow the instructions the LCD to CD, DVD, or the and the OK If necessary, the and of CD as shown the and the OK button. You this Select of the options shown the and the OK If the OK Select as
from Memory Card Onto CD/DVD ready to the To the button. topic: Related Loading CD/DVD CD/DVD the the You or from memory directly CD/DVD. If first memory memory the CD, DVD, or to Press the necessary. Press the CD button. Select CD/DVD and the OK You this Select of the options and the OK button.
from Memory Card Follow the instructions the to or the to the and outer of CD or DVD, the necessary, and the OK You this Select of the options shown the and the OK If the OK ready to the To the topic: Related Memory Card Loading CD/DVD You from memory CD/DVD the to to the printed, and to memory memory the to
Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to More Functions and the OK Select and the OK Select of the following options and the OK to photo the of the to or thumbnail the Select and type, and the OK
from Starting CD Follow the instructions the LCD to and the of ready to the button. To the printed, and following the topic: Related Memory Card Related topics Loading directly CDs or from as the and the CD software. CD CD/DVD Starting CD OS CD/DVD OS topic: You CD to and creating effects. Select the CD
CD/DVD You this: the the of the to template or background or graphic information, the finished creating and topic: from Related CD/DVD to then the CD or DVD that or the CD and
Starting CD OS You this: selected as the To without the and follow the instructions the ready to the the the Click If to the or the CD instructions. topic: from Related Starting CD You CD to and creating effects.
CD/DVD OS the CD the Applications Software CD You screen this: the the of the to background or graphic finished creating topic: from Related CD/DVD OS to then it the CD or DVD that or the CD and from the
You this: selected as the To without the and follow the instructions the ready to the the the If to the or the CD instructions. topic: from Related Starting CD OS
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD expended, to You to that than months or their cleaning and the head. Please of responsibly and with If would to to please to information. Cartridge Purchase Cartridges Removing and Cartridges with Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of LCD Press the necessary.
Checking Cartridge with Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK The displayed. Displayed Press the OK to topic: Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges appears to when and using To the and the the
You this or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences
You this the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges with Cartridges
Checking Cartridge with OS You the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select EPSON You this: the following as necessary: To the
Purchase Cartridges Cartridge or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges with Cartridges OS You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON This only Epson-brand Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase within months of the
Removing and Cartridges Black (PBK) 410XL Black (BK) 410XL 410XL 410XL 410XL topic: Purchase Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. that the CD/DVD Turn If expended, the LCD which to and the OK Select the option to the and the OK If the LCD Cartridge(s) Then the Standard-capacity High-capacity
the the head hand; otherwise, the white the the to the replacing. Then the of the to
Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of the using the that with of the or to If the Black (BK) the gently four or You to the Black (PBK) or of the other the the or
the from the the shown Doing operation and the from the and the or of them. other or or
with Black and Cartridges the the as shown. Then the of the it clicks the that replacing, the The charging the This the LCD If incorrectly, the and the clicks finished, the If or and the If the using the that with to the from and to the surrounding from smeared the the as the the with the of the head and to topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges or expended, temporarily from using the as as
with Cartridges You with with Cartridges with Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges If that temporarily with and to or To this Click or to If the appears another to the using the or Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK Click Black to topic: with Black and Cartridges Related topics Loading
with Cartridges OS If and to temporarily with only or Click the the If that temporarily with the or to If OK the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or You this: Select On as the temporary Click OK the or
Conserving Black with Access the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the option. Click to topic: with Black and Cartridges Related topics Loading The following appears when and there The appears when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to the the Click this to the If this topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head Check Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path If become too light, or or light them, to clean the head Cleaning the You clean them clean them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related and Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head using the the CD/DVD sheets of the
Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK and the OK Select and the OK Press the The printed.
Checking the the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there the head clean. Select and the OK If there or the Clean the head and the OK Follow the instructions the to the head. If cleaning the head to the off and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Cleaning the Head the Product Removing and Cartridges Related topics Loading You the head or
there the LCD the CD/DVD and the sheets of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select You this: Click
Head Cleaning the printed to there the head clean head cleaning If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Removing and Cartridges Cleaning the Head Related topics Loading If and the the head. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product
Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head You clean the head the the CD/DVD sheets of the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK
Cleaning the Head Select Head Cleaning and the OK Press the to the head. You the LCD the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, the Select and the OK Press the to and that the head clean. If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Checking the the Product and Cartridges Related topics Loading You clean the head or
there the LCD and the CD/DVD of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select Head Cleaning You this: Click to the cleaning off the cleaning or
Head the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then the head and cleaning the head necessary. If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Removing and Cartridges the Related topics Loading If become or blurry, of or or light to the head.
the Head the Product head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality You the head using the the CD/DVD sheets of the Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK Select and the OK button.
the Head Select Head and the OK Press the to while head the and the the each the LCD Press the OK when finished. topic: Head Related topics Loading You the head or the CD/DVD there the LCD the CD/DVD and the
sheets of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and and Select Head Click Next then to while head You this:
Cleaning the Path the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head Related topics Loading If the back of the to to the the from the head sheets of the the to without the there or the or cover. the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related topics Loading Copying
Cleaning and Product Cleaning Product Transporting Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should the and front cover when using the to from or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the Disconnect the Clean the with cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. Clean the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise
the Removing the the head and the from the its this the expended, or to the head from cool, Turn off the the and to the head the right (the If the the head to then the off the to the with the white the otherwise, the the from the memory the the
connected the output and front cover, then the the its or with cushioning around the the to the from the turning If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Head Related Memory Card
Checking Software these sections to Checking Software Updates Product Product Network Copying from Computer and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Memory Card CD/DVD Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the or the or Apps of
Product OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software topic: Related You often with the its LCD You information and how-to instructions the Press the necessary, and the OK LCD the Follow the instructions the LCD to the from the indicated loaded. the canceled. The memory or occurred while the memory or correctly and the the occurred. Turn the off and then back If the If there Communication the connected to and software correctly. The turned to AirPrint. The near the of their service and the nearing the of its the replaced. (To service life. the OK The the of its service life. Turn off the and the of its service life. Memory or the memory or correctly and the
Product LCD Combination of IP There with the to Check the and this Recovery occurred firmware using USB and the firmware If this The the and the that the of reach where satisfactory or the reached the of their life. The LCD, or lights the when these replacing. If this the warranty of the the of the or of the covered the warranty. If the of warranty, the authorized service The user-replaceable topic: Related the Product the the Where to Related Selecting the Source Related topics Loading Memory Cards With Product operating properly. Disconnect interface connected to the
Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK and the OK button. Press the The printed.
of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected the other this or try and software. If the the or the head. If the the Check the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head Uninstall Product Software Related Where to Related topics Loading If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK
Select and the OK Select of these Network Network You Select to the selected (Select to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic:
Software If hear from the following: The first the charge its head. charging finishes off the or charge improperly and the finished charging the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: If while software, these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: If the try these To LCD text the To the of the or topic: Related topics the
Network Product to Wireless Router or these or or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that or and Product to Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network topic: If or connecting to wireless router or these If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the LCD or appear, of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. to within of router or microwave or such as If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. that router or operating correctly to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the
Network Software Product Network If router or its network (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless network manually. If router or the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless using of the and to necessary. If using Direct that the If necessary, the existing from and instructions. If connected to using Direct and selected Access low-priority the or the and the to of the topic: Network Related topics If these and connected to (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. connected to If necessary, software and try EpsonNet to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the
Product Not Appear OS Download software from the the instructions the If router, software to to the router. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related Uninstall Product Software Related topics If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. If the wirelessly EpsonNet and the appear LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related Uninstall Product Software Related topics
Network If these that turned software as sheet and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If network and the strength. If it to router or microwave or such as If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function. If the wirelessly and the or appear the LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Uninstall Product Software Related Printing Network Related topics
Scan Network If Scan these If from restarted the software. the firewall or security software. If using wireless router, the router to and router instructions. If high scanning If network while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the to Network then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related topics
Copying Product Nothing Product It While Scanning these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing try these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying these sections using with the Product the the Ejection topic:
the Product If feeding try these the the the If feed correctly, and the and the the the the the If feed once, the the to the and than the recommended of sheets. the If when both of the sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related Loading Capacity Specifications the Product the the Related topics Loading If that the follow the or the LCD to clear the the necessary.
the and the white the the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the
the the Related Product If that the follow the or the LCD to clear the the necessary. both then the the the as If the the right Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Product
the the Related Product If that the follow the or the LCD to clear the the necessary. Press the buttons to release the and from from the from the
the and from the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Product the Related Product
Ejection from Nothing Prints If with properly, try these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related Specifications or Software Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from using AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing try these turned interface connected securely both
Product Not Appear If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the to the Apps and and Sound and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that try this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and
Cartridge Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Select EPSON then OK Click the Preferences Click the the option that the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from If light or follow these the head the If the head the follow the instructions this to and the to the its Complete the topic: from Related and Cartridges If becomes slow, these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and turned off. Clear or to free existing when
and If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select the increased Click the or or and and the following RAW Datatype as topic: from Related OS or Software Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS these sections with the or of AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Inverted
Inverted Too Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS that the or software topic: and If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software.
Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints head to of the Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS If incorrect try these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS If these type and selected the software.
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or OS selected the checkbox or with option software. the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the topic: and Related Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the Click the the and If connected to USB directly to instead. If incorrect characters appear using topic: and If the or the try these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and
Printout Quality Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading If these the the of the Select higher software. Turn off high software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Head Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout
White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: If white or try these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Software Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS and Cartridges Related topics Loading If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly
with or the to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. If thick or the Thick from the or Thick and the of the software. (Turning this each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. the and/or Increase Drying to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and
Printout or Printout Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS Selecting Preferences OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading If or these to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Software Related Removing and Cartridges Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading
Printout If these the of the correctly higher and off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software from the and high If the image-editing to increase the to high quality. Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS
Incorrect Colors Scanning If incorrect try these the type matches the loaded. the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. The or and to them. the to as the this the than To top of each other. exactly match on-screen to as as using the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS OS Removing and Cartridges these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic:
Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Uninstall Product Software Related references OS Related Scanning with OS If Scan, try these turned and interface securely connected both Scan selected power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the using Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the
Scanned Quality (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan If both and If operating Scan, With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Starting Scan from Scanning Scanning with OS these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges topic:
Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear If consists of try these facing the If the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Office Professional Related the If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related the
Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges Too If appears or these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that its these Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or warped its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these Scan and Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan
of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and try Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the and of and the software to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with of the the Tone Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan
Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped Memory Card Memory Card Not If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Selecting Scan Office Selecting Scan Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related the these using memory with Memory Card Not or from Memory Card or To or From Memory Card or topic: If memory properly force You to with memory topic: Memory Card
or from Memory Card or To or From Memory Card or Related Memory Card Related Memory Card If or from memory or USB these memory or with the the memory or the If too memory or the or prompted to of the of or of the specifications the of topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications USB Specifications Related Memory Card Connecting and USB or Connecting and from If to or from memory or USB try these memory or with the securely connected to If to memory the memory write-protect to it to allow writing to the that the correctly.
CD/DVD CD/DVD Not CD/DVD topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications USB Specifications Related topics Memory Card these sections CD/DVD with CD/DVD Not CD/DVD Smears CD/DVD CD/DVD topic: If CD/DVD the and displayed, follow these to the CD/DVD the from necessary. the CD/DVD of the Clear the If displayed, off the then back If to the CD/DVD topic: CD/DVD If the of the following: If from the using the CD software. the CD If from the the the
Smears CD/DVD CD/DVD Uninstall Product Software topic: CD/DVD Related CD/DVD CD/DVD OS from Memory Card Onto CD/DVD If smeared these CDs or and that the of the and them hours them the the CD software. the CD topic: CD/DVD Related CD/DVD CD/DVD OS If the using the CD software. the CD topic: CD/DVD Related CD/DVD CD/DVD OS If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic:
Uninstalling Product Software You and then software to Turn off the interface of the following: to the Apps and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the (other or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow instructions. of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: Uninstall Product Software
Uninstalling Product Software OS Where to to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the checkbox each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the Scan or and the to topic: Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following options. (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the
of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products OS Scanning Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications USB Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3
OS Scanning Specifications (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications type Photoelectric CIS inches Scanning US or A4
Specifications Color: Light LED topic: Technical Specifications the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Single-sheets and distributed to inches to topic: Technical Specifications internal internal) internal Black-and-white: internal
Specifications the shown to the sheets Margin: inch Reduced inch Reduced area/bottom: inch sheets
Reduced inch Reduced area/bottom: inch Left/right inch Top/bottom inch Reduced area/right: inch Reduced inch CD/DVD
Cartridge Specifications inch reduced inch reduced inch outer inch topic: Technical Specifications This Epson-brand Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Black, Cartridge months to F to C) within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related Purchase Cartridges Unopened the the month F C) F C) thaws and hours F C)
Memory Card Specifications USB Specifications Cards with Compatible types/Maximum 2GB 32GB type, type and 5V); supply topic: Technical Specifications with the following Dedicated Security such as or USB with AC that USB recommended. the of externally connected CD-ROM/CD-R 700MB 2GB 32GB 64GB SD: 2GB SDHC: 32GB SDXC: 64GB CD-RW
Specifications Specifications DVD-ROM/DVD-R 4.7GB 1.3GB and USB 2TB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches inches (without cord, and CD/DVD topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to Rated Rated DVD-RW, DVD+R, DVD+RW, DVD-RAM, and inches inches inches
Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications Approximately (ISO/IEC24712) (USB Ready Approximately topic: Specifications to F to C) to RH (without to RH topic: Technical Specifications USB USB and USB PictBridge the of externally connected topic: Technical Specifications IEEE Approximately off to F to C) month F C)
and Specifications Security WEP Coordination Security SSL/TLS: HTTPS IPPS topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6320-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. WPA-PSK (AES); with WPA2 with WPA/WPA2 IEEE Direct IEEE AP with EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
This with FCC/IC forth and the FCC (RF) C to OET65 and RSS-102 of the IC (RF) This should and operated that the least inches or from wrists, and topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Instructions Product Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products Instructions FCC Copyright Notice using and follow these instructions. Product Instructions Cartridge Instructions Instructions LCD Screen Instructions topic: Notices to follow and instructions the only the type of indicated the the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the outlet where the easily the outlet the as or that switches and off, or switch or the become or to and top of and allow to or to the straight each If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the
rating of the outlet the off the the and the light flashing the or off to the If the the from the the that its It properly or Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or or the the near heat or sunlight. enough around the or the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. connecting the to or other with the of the Each only the both the touch the white the the head hand; this the the or the with products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the section while the copying, scanning, or other to when closing the cover or as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the
Cartridge Instructions or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. the the the head and the from the that the head the right) and the or the its or otherwise topic: Instructions of the reach of children and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or immediately Leaving the head and the from or tear the the this the from the of the This the to become the the of the when it from the the IC the of the This operation. their this them to If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the its This the head. cool,
Wireless Instructions LCD Instructions FCC from allow to least three hours with their facing upward. topic: Instructions waves from this the of or such as or fire using this near such or facility, follow the from authorized the facility, and follow and the to causing topic: Instructions cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. too the LCD or such as or to the LCD topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver.
the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices EPSON EPSON and TM TM and Remote TM of Corporation. SM service of Inc. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. and the of Apple Inc. and TM Chromebook TM Chrome TM TM and TM of Inc. Direct of Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices
Copyright Notice Concerning of Copyrighted Products rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each to and of the copyright when using While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. More achieved the to to
Copyright Attribution topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-42849 topic: Copyright Notice