quickrefset.book Thursday, PM Reference This reference to using It covers the and includes helpful locations.
quickrefset.book Thursday, PM IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY America or warranties, or implied, or with to anything this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to COPYRIGHT NOTICE rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information from the of the information this and features to without TRADEMARKS EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. and HyPict of Inc. Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those NOTE CONCERNING RESPONSIBLE USE OF COPYRIGHTED MATERIALS and photocopiers and copying of copyrighted While countries copying those as as people EPSON each to and of the copyright when and Copyright Inc. CPD-10472 California Printed with least
quickrefset.book Thursday, PM includes charger and of charging and instructions, then follow these to the the upside-down. Press and the cover and the to cover
Thursday, PM four the positioning the and as shown below. the cover and
Thursday, PM To the the then the POWER the of the (Press to the off.) The following to motion, to photograph that and shooting to the LCD You the LCD to and the This than with the LCD back or sounds, and or and to to or sounds, and to DPOF with the or information and
Thursday, PM These appear the the top of the white Quality HyPict Forced Synchronized** Red-eye Reduction
Thursday, PM (Continued) Battery Indicates that the (ISO High (ISO High (ISO the from to EV of and the of This The the These the and the LCD and instructions the ***The the SETUP Indicates that the to and white) White AUTO white automatically. FIX white 5200K. CUST white If the appears, the
quickrefset.book Thursday, PM Formatting CompactFlash Memory Card To CompactFlash memory and with 16MB memory that Follow these Press the POWER to the and turn the to If the clock the clock with the highlighted red. Press the to the right, and to the and instructions, finished, the BACK You the SETUP Press the Memory SETUP The Memory Card Format appears:
Thursday, PM Press the to MEMORY CARD FORMAT You Press the to to the the the to the Memory Card Format Press the BACK to to the SETUP CompactFlash Memory Card CAUTION the while the the or Follow these to memory the memory cover and the cover memory cover
Thursday, PM the to release the Then the and the cover. CompactFlash Memory Card You purchase CompactFlash memory I, 4MB to 192MB) from leading information. Follow these to memory the turned off. (Press the POWER to the off,
Thursday, PM the memory and the cover the the the memory the front of the facing the as the front of the and the arrow the the the the memory cover. memory
quickrefset.book Thursday, PM If memory instructions. If using the with the LCD to of appear. to the the and and the CompactFlash memory and formatted, as this You should choose the LCD and instructions and its NOTE least 9.1MB of free CompactFlash memory to If or HyPict of to seconds. instructions
Thursday, PM With the the to as would with point-and-shoot light the the then follow these least from subject. Press the POWER and the to the photo light flashing and steady the to flash, or other of buttons
Thursday, PM NOTE To the (when the to or to white or other advanced the MENU to the straight through the and within the cross-hairs. the (telephoto) to subject, or the to the to the and Press the the of the to the the the then release the the light flashing, CAUTION If the while the light flashing, The too
Thursday, PM With the LCD The LCD of what the light microphone LCD the the then follow these to the LCD least inches from NOTE You as as inches The the to than inches instructions. buttons
Thursday, PM Press the POWER and the to to with the This shows the LCD The or the back cover to the NOTE If the than the off off automatically. To back the or the off and then back to the the You the buttons to quality, flash, or other of the to subject, or the to You with and the
Thursday, PM the then the to the and You the when the the Press the the of the to the the the Then release the If the seconds. NOTE You the the instructions. From the the following: Press the to the
Thursday, PM Press the to Sound to or other sound. You countdown the this the microphone. Press the to to instantly back (Press the BACK to to the instructions the the light flashing, the ready to another You back the playback NOTE instructions options such as locking and and recording and sounds, If when them back.
quickrefset.book Thursday, PM Follow these Press the POWER to the and the to You the the Press the to the right arrow to the earliest You the to the to the arrow to through If to the follow these Follow and the section to back the to the
Thursday, PM You Press the to to the You or and the the then follow these to Press the POWER to and the to NOTE If to such as white or the to to the and the then the back to instructions You the Press the to Sound to the to On or
Thursday, PM the (telephoto) to or the to You with and the yellow. to the cant the once recording. Press the to recording If to the recording, the You the REC the while recording. the recording the Please and seconds to the You back as
PM Follow these to back Press the POWER to and the to You the the LCD (If with the following There Press the Press the to The Please as seconds, playback Press the buttons to the and right arrows to Press the to You this: Press the to the
quickrefset.book Thursday, PM information, Follow these to Follow through to Press the to You confirmation Press the to to the Press the to to Great From to the Conditions and these exactly right photograph. NOTE This section includes advanced that of these only or the LCD and to the user
quickrefset.book Thursday, PM If bright sunlight: the or optional with the included to light and the If when might to as follows: Increase the white If the cover, to and these If the partly with formations. to counteract the cool, bluish lighting that the following: or white lights. To without of the or lighting effects, the as follows: the white
PM effects. of the to the shooting light often to of the background as as subject. the following: Increase the or higher or ISO (A recommended when higher the to light the background with the should that the of the to when locking the with the of lighting and they the appearance of Early morning and light the
Thursday, PM to the as they from the subjects perspective. Action shots To the location where the Sports Dont about and white, and other You the reducing the might the as as and shortcuts and Sports HyPict or that to inches). Dont that the from CompactFlash memory and another
To the the LCD and or to the Press the POWER to the Turn the to to to the then the to the to through the and Turn the to to to the Screen Turn the to to to the Turn the to to to the Optionally, the to to