XP-850
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the basic of the Product Locations The and More these sections to the and Lights LCD Turning Sounds topic: Product The and the light
LCD The The LCD The and arrow buttons and the LCD with The light The CD The back The topic: the You the of the to to access. or to the as shown. topic: the You the the LCD Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then and
Turning Sounds Product Locations and Select Press the to topic: the You off the sound heard when buttons the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then Select Select Sound Select Press Select the Press the to topic: the these sections to the Product Top Product Product Product topic: Product
Product Top (ADF) Edge ADF ADF ADF ADF cover CD/DVD (shown and
Rear topic: Product Locations
Product cover
cover Memory light Memory USB topic: Product Locations
Product Product head/ink topic: Product Locations AC
The the From the Rear cover LAN LINE EXT USB topic: Product Locations The of You the increasing the reduces the efficiency. the From the the the OS topic: Product You the to the the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then Select You this
Press the or arrow buttons to You this Press the or arrow to the the to Press the to topic: The
the the OS You the software to the the Access the right-click the the and Click the Click the and Option Information You the and Option Information the the to as the Click Click OK to the topic: The You the software to the the
and More of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select You this Select the the to as the Click Apply the topic: The You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to and
the from anywhere: Print, Remote Print, and Scan to the Remote Scan to topic: Product With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or and to as this the below. If already when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and More this free Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or as this the below. to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless network that from to
Remote Scan to topic: and With Remote software or to anywhere the world. network as this the below. to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the Remote software. the and optional of the to and this Select the and choose the Remote topic: and More The Scan to service to that with as this the below. instructions account and with to the with the and selected. Destination Scan to Click then follow the instructions the to ready to the the Scan to service topic: and More Related Scan the Product
allows to wirelessly to from iPhone, and the of wireless as this the below. Apple to the wireless that from iPhone, or to topic: Product With Account, from Apple or to You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or as this the below. and connected to the the If follow these to the that IP the the IP the of browser. Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the
Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information using Print, or the of topic: Product Related Network
Selecting Network From the these sections to Selecting Wireless Network From the Direct and You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the software from the CD. The through or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Press the necessary. Select You this
Select If to the wireless network to Ethernet and instead. Then follow the instructions the to wired and the software from the CD. The through Select the of wireless or the manually. To the wireless manually, and then Other the displayed to as the wireless (or and then the displayed The and to correctly and lowercase and or characters. Press the repeatedly to through characters. Press or to the Press Symb. to Press to the previous character. Press when finished
Direct Confirm the and Proceed to them. If to the back If to the Press the to The light should If the light off, selected the or the incorrectly. these to topic: You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or If the already connected to wireless router or the Direct. Press the necessary. You this
and Direct Select Proceed to the to the SSID and and Proceed If already connected or to Direct, they disconnected when the Direct The least and than characters Press the repeatedly to through characters. Press or to the Press Symb. to Press to the character. Press when to the SSID and Select Proceed
and or wireless to the (SSID) displayed the LCD then the shown. Press the to You AP the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP displayed the LCD Direct these to topic: You to features type or to with features, of SSID and and selected the services Press the necessary. Select You this and
the OK To and to previous then topic:
Loading Loading the type of Loading Loading Loading the Rear Loading Loading Capacity or You and other these the inches inches A6 inches or the the necessary.
the there and This the front cover. the The the right the outward.
the front to the the the with the or facedown. the the front the the too tightly. the the the
Loading the as The when enough front of the the to ejected. or the while the operating. follow these the recommended of first and facedown. the the the and sticking from the of the the instructions. topic: Loading Related references Loading Capacity Related Loading Loading the Rear Loading You to this the inches or the
the necessary. the there and This the front cover. the front cover to the
the outward. If using the CD/DVD from the Press the the and then as shown. the front to the the
with the or facedown. the the and sticking from the of the the the too tightly. the the the
Loading the Rear the as The when enough front of the the to ejected. or the while the operating. follow these the of sheets. first and facedown. the the the and sticking from the of the the instructions. topic: Loading Related references Loading Capacity Related Loading Loading the Rear Loading You and other thick the that too correctly. the specifications.
from or the If from Rear the Source or Source OS X) If from the Rear the Source the feed and the the outward.
of the following: of or thick and first, the of the feed the the too tightly. first with the facing the of the feed the the too tightly.
the or About inches of the should the as shown. inches ready to the To follow these or the or first and the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Specifications Related Loading Loading
Loading Loading You as You this inches You the as that section. or the the output necessary. the there and This the front cover.
the front cover to the the outward. to facedown and as shown. the sticking from the of the
the the too tightly. the the the the as The when follow these If of each or that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading Loading
Loading Capacity Loading the Rear of or the feed the the of the type to this sheets inches Bright White sheets A4 inches or inches
type to this Double-sided Quality Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool Brochure topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON count Bright White inches S041586 inches S041809 inches S041141 S041649 S042038 S041271
count S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041405 inches S041982 inches S041331 inches S041062 inches S041467 inches S041257 inches S041568 Double-sided inches S041341 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 inches S041067 S042180
count Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided Quality Self-adhesive A4 inches S041106 Iron-on Cool inches S041153 inches S041636 topic: Loading You inches inches inches inches inches inches
or A4 inches topic: Loading this this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Self-adhesive Brochure Double-sided Envelope The only when from they apply to topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the anything top of or its cover as writing to the the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top of the facing the shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other and from the of the
the If copying the as shown to the first then the as shown to the the to topic: the Product Related topics Copying Scanning You the (ADF). the originals the specifications them.
originals creased or and or other that the the ADF and then the the ADF outward. of originals and them to the edges.
the originals the ADF and top-edge first. the ADF the too tightly. If the Copy or A4, Copy the originals as shown.
topic: the Product Related (ADF) Specifications Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying or the information to or using exactly the as Copying or and Restoring Related Copying CD/DVD You or and of including or the or the ADF. the to the recommended of Copy To than or to the to
Copying Select or B&W to and necessary. ready to To Copying Copying Copying topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity Related topics Loading the Product that matches the loaded. type Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Self-adhesive Double-sided
Copying Copying type topic: Copying or Select the that matches the loaded. You these inches inches inches inches A4 inches inches topic: Copying or Select the copying options to Not options or other copying Copying option Varying the or of
Copying option Copying the and ADF to 2>2-Sided 1>2-Sided 2>1-Sided With around the Expands the to the of the A4, Copy originals Copy originals A4, of or sheet of or Reduce/Enlarge Custom Automatically the the Automatically the to the selected and other Automatically from to another Selects the the the selected type
Copying option Source Text Text that includes and photograph Quality only) Quality the highest the of originals when 2>1-Sided or 1>2-Sided selected) Direction Edge the of originals (only when 2>1-Sided Top Edge selected) Margin Edge the of when Top Edge selected) the amount of or appear the front of the when the Clear the to the topic: Copying or
Copying and Restoring You the as them. photo the Press the necessary. Select More Select Copy/Restore Select On to the the LCD instructions the Press the Press or to or of the to If originals the the or right arrow to the then or to or of the to To and or of the following: To the and the To the then
To or then the displayed the LCD to ready to the To topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity Copying Copying Related the Related topics Loading
From with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product Related Checking Software You with using as these Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting Selecting Selecting Double-sided or Selecting topic: From Select the the or to or
Select the You to the option the or another command. If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of
Select the Quality Option that matches and the to Select the Source that where the or CD/DVD to Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the of the as the You the to Select of the If photo, You type and to without the If or with Select the of or as shown the If To both of the option. Select of the options. If to the the Source topic: with Related or
Source Related Selecting Double-sided You of the options the Source to the that Selection Automatically selects the based the selected Selects the as the Selects the as the Selects the as the and switches to when empty. CD/DVD Selects the CD or DVD as the topic: Selecting You of the options to options pre-selected or other chosen. the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. Red-Eye or first. of
Selecting Advanced topic: Selecting Select the Advanced to the and and Click the Advanced You the Select the Quality Select where the or CD/DVD to the type of loaded.
Advanced Quality the type Select the to the Select the of the loaded. Select to photo, or to or with You type and to without the Select or as the of or If Select of the advanced Select of the or off Advanced Quality Advanced topic: with Related or Source Related Selecting Double-sided You of the to the of the type and chosen.
Advanced the with with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and and graphics with and RPM the the topic: Selecting Advanced You of the options to options other chosen. Red-Eye or High reduce Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the of Black/Grayscale text and graphics or of when Paper/Bright White as the or topic: Selecting Advanced You the the Advanced to the or off software.
Selecting Brightness and and tones. the selected the using the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off to the effects. ICM off software using the option. You then software. topic: Selecting Advanced You of and options or the
To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and options. To both of the options. To of or of the and the options To and their the
Selecting Preset To the of option: To to the selected the option the Advanced To the as the then the necessary) to the amount of If the option the white photo. To the its without as the To to To or the the or checkboxes. topic: with Related Selecting to of You clicking the the Advanced Click the Shortcuts You the
option to its of of the options the screen to To choose option Click OK topic: with
Selecting Double-sided You both of the selecting of the options the or options the these inches and A4 inches options other chosen. Click the Select of the options: Select the to Select the to manually and the to the other (recommended that duplexing). Select the to the of to Click the You this
Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the You this
Double-sided Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If selected the type, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided topic: with Related Selecting Selecting Advanced You of the options to Edge that the
or Margin Select options that to allow Option Select option to when creating topic: Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to the of the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other to smearing. topic: Selecting Double-sided Once selected ready to and Click OK to You such as this
Checking Click OK or to Checking topic: with Related Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting this showing the of It allows to and
Selecting To To To topic: or the apply while that If to the Access the and right-click the the Select You the
the of the Software Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Access the and right-click the the
Select You the Click the You the options: Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting
with OS software to the software. You often the software or this Access the and right-click the the Select Software You this of the following: To often the software the every To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software You with using OS as these
Selecting OS If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From Select the the or photo to photo or Select the command You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the
The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them Select the and If these the them They selecting from the
Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these
Source OS Quality OS Select the Source to from. Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the options. Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related Selecting OS or OS You of the options the Source to from that Selects the as the Selects the as the Rear Selects the the as the topic: Selecting OS You of the to the of the type and chosen. photo
OS Selecting OS the with with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and and graphics with and RPM the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected this option the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS to the and from the
Selecting OS If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If photo, the or with option. You to You type and to without the Select the of or photo as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related You of options or selecting from the the
Selecting OS To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To invert or the the or topic: with OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the
options or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided
Double-sided and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS You of the options the Two-sided or to Two-sided to bound the of the
OS Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided OS You the and to the or off software. Select Matching from the the of the
and OS from the the The the the option selected the Select of the and OS topic: with OS You from these the and Matching EPSON using software, or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the using the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or red-eye sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off to the effects. off software only software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select You this:
Preferences OS Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the Thick and Prevents from smearing when or other thick that that or when Paper/Bright White as the or Switching Automatically switches to the other when of the of High reduce quality.
or OS Checking OS Warning Notifications choose whether or to warning from the software when topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the You the
the following options as necessary: OS To the and the To the and the To the and the To the To the OS To the to the To the to the To the To the To the then the topic: or OS
Product If to the LCD topic: From
Scanning Starting Scan Scan the Product You or and them as Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or scanning, of these Starting Scan the Product Scan the Scan Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You to using buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or Press the necessary. Select Scan The options displayed:
or to options, then the Scan to Memory Card memory and the and other Scan to to that with Scan to PC directly to or as OS Scan to PC (PDF) as PDF to or as OS Scan to PC and attaches to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and such as Scan to PC (WSD) wireless or (English only). To to PC, first to connected to If connected directly to with USB USB If connected to the from the
Scan to Memory Card Press the to scanning. Scan to Memory Card Scan topic: Scan Related Scan to Select the Scan to Memory Card options to Scan to Memory Card options JPEG JPEG PDF PDF Select or black-and-white B&W Decrease or increase 2-Sided Scanning the ADF On Scan Selects the or Text Selects the type of scanning Photograph with A4
Scan Scan to Memory Card options or the the of originals Direction Edge the of originals Top Edge topic: Starting Scan the Product You or the when to the buttons. You this using the of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or Select OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or the as necessary. Click OK Click to the topic: Starting Scan the Product or OCR highest
Starting Scan the Scan You the Scan to and the to Double-click the EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or You Scan this:
topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting Scan
Starting Scan from Scanning You Scan from to and the the With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or scanning and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You Scan this:
Scan when first topic: Starting Scan
Selecting Scan Scan Selecting the Scan Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Office Scanning Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and You based the type of scanning. You and and Professional You manually and and You the when topic: Selecting Scan Related Selecting the Scan Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan
Scanning Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scanning Office Scanning Scanning Professional Office Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the You this
Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF-Double-sided If the ADF, from the Select the and that match
Source Office the to Click the button. Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose as the Source Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Office Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You these Source options Scan Office Automatically where the originals scanning.
Selecting Scan Office ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Double-sided Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Office You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and it the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options Scan Office Not other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the checkbox. Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to edges.
Scanning the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. You the when Scan and as the You this
Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) this option or the Select this option or to text using OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning You these options Scan Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light.
Selecting Scan from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art delineated, text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
Scanning Professional To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The topic: Scanning Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the You this
the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF Double-sided If the ADF, from the Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose as the Source Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to You chose as the Source Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Professional
Source Professional Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You these Source options Scan Professional Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Double-sided Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional
Selecting Scan Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Professional Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the If the the the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not other chosen. Click the to Click the or (OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only.) Click the histogram to the Tone Correction graphical interface tone individually. users only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced only.) Click the to the
Selecting Scan Professional Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as photo inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The automatically To the or (OS X) to the and options as Reduces or the
Scan or off. Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the using the as There of the and selected thumbnail displays as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the thumbnail Normal displays their the and other manually. If the checkbox deselected, clicking the topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the Scan's and Professional only), to increase the You the its image-editing Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the screen/post the to Print/convert to text (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan
Scanned and Optional of the following to the which to Click the of the displayed Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from and optional the Scan. JPEG that highly the higher the the the (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT OS
Scanning with OS PRINT II or that include PRINT II and the the displays the TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the to overwrite previous with the this Select to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. scanning If the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with image-editing such as With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. (You to the DEVICES or SHARED and If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary. Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan
Scan OS Scanning Scanning to PDF the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning You these OS X. Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. topic: Scanning with OS software offers options to Scanning to PDF Colors as You Scan Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) topic: Scanning Scan, and PDF Format) scanning. Scan.
the to Select the selecting Scan You the Select PDF as the Select other to the Click the to
Click OK Scan and this Choose of the following options the If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the using the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning
Restoring Colors as You Scan Related Scan the Scan Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan Related topics the Product You the as them Scan's Restoration You this of the Office Scan offers that scanning. Scan. Select the to the or the Select the Restoration selecting Scan Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Starting Scan the Scan
Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Scanning OCR Selecting the Scan Related topics the Product Selecting Scan You and the text that with processing, spreadsheet, or HTML-editing This OCR Character To and OCR, to OCR such as ABBYY OS ABBYY to to text first such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or Scanning OCR Scanning OCR OS topic: Scanning You the ABBYY OCR to to scanning. of the following to ABBYY to the Apps screen and ABBYY (other Click or or ABBYY ABBYY You this
Select the the to as the Click the Scan to Other or the that with the to to. If the Select and OK WIA option correctly. You the Select Click and the to necessary. Click Scan To the Scanning section and Scan each finished scanning,
Scanning OCR OS and then the Select and and The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Related topics the Product You the ABBYY OCR to to OS ABBYY to to text first such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or scanning. the Applications and the ABBYY You this
the From and Select the the to as the Select the type of to Scan the used. Select and Scan and the Scan while to Click to the Scan and necessary.
You the Converted Click the The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Related Scanning with OS Related topics the Product
Connecting Telephone or these sections to This allows to telephone numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and Connecting Telephone or and You to telephone to or If to the telephone to telephone or to using If to to phone to telephone and to the LINE
If DSL or ISDN the DSL or ISDN or router to the to to the or DSL or ISDN the DSL Telephone DSL DSL ISDN
ISDN or ISDN router ISDN phone numbers) ISDN or ISDN router If telephone or to phone the from the EXT
phone to or and to the EXT If and turned the of to that higher than the of phone or connected to the EXT to when the phone with phone or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: Related Automatically with header and the to If of to the and the Product the the OS topic:
the Product Selecting Country or these sections to features the Selecting Country or Selecting the and Information and Characters Selecting and Selecting Communication Reports Restoring topic: Related the the OS faxing, the country or which If the country or to their and them Press the necessary.
Press the or right arrow and then and Country/Region or necessary, then country or You If the correct, (If and retry.) the country or the to the
Selecting the and topic: the Product faxing, the and daylight phase and choose and Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then Select
Select Daylight Select the that to winter or Daylight (DST) or and Daylight (DST) selection, to the If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock hour. from to its clock back hour. Select the to the to the then Select the to the to the AM or PM selected 12-hour then You to the topic: the Product
Information faxing, and to the to the of the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then and then Select Communication
and then Select the to the such as or business You to characters. Select You to the Select
and Characters the to to characters. international that of the phone the Select You to the topic: the Product Related and Characters Follow these to and characters and To text or characters, the the the character or appears. To the Symb. the appears. To phone To the to the To the character, topic: the Product
Selecting and You the and other incoming and outgoing Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then and then Select or of the
Selecting Press the to topic: the Product Related You and phone Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then
Reports and then Select Communication of the Press the to topic: the Product Related You of reports and and You to to or Press the necessary.
Select Advanced and then Select of the Press the to the topic: the Product
Restoring Related You to their necessary. Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then and then
Select of the You Select or topic: the Product Related the options to outgoing and and of and art. and to the and originals the ADF. On On the On Prints the every the transmitted topic: the Product the options to incoming
to incoming should printed. (A telephone connected to the On Automatically and the of the incoming A4 Reduction On of incoming to the of selected as the Prints incoming or sheets, topic: Features the Product the options to phone DRD If Distinctive Service telephone assign or to the and assign to each. If this service, the of as the DRD the of the and phone that this service. ECM On Correction (ECM) to of with Turns off Correction (ECM).
Fast(33,600bps) Medium(14,400bps) Slow(9,600bps) to to the of The If turned and connected to the this higher than the of to Detection On the phone to when the tone the off tone This necessary connected to Branch (PBX) or (TA) the header information outgoing topic: the Product Select the or to or of of
the of the incoming Trace of topic: the Product Select the to of the the and Communication the header, and of the of the the the and of the the topic: the Product You header and the FAX of the following: to the (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this
Select (Select prompted.) You this
the OS Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX option. topic: Related topics the Product You header and the FAX OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Select Double-click FAX necessary. You this
and Speed/Group the Product Creating Select FAX the Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX topic: Related topics the Product You of them faxing. You to to numbers. these sections to and Speed/Group the Product Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS topic: You and using the Creating Creating topic: and Related Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS You of to
You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select Select Select Select the to the
the to the You to characters. Select You this the to the You to characters. Select You to the the following as necessary: To and the To existing the entry, and the information. To entry, the entry, Proceed and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related You easy reference. Press the necessary.
Select Select Advanced and then and then Press the to the topic: Speed/Group the Product
Creating You creating include to numbers. You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select Select Select Select the to the the to the entry. You to characters. Select Select the to to the and to selecting as necessary. finished, You to the
the following as necessary: To and the To existing entry, Contacts the and the information. To the entry, Proceed and the topic: Speed/Group the Product Related Creating You easy reference. Press the necessary. Select Select Advanced
Speed/Group the and then and then Press the to the topic: Speed/Group the Product You and using the FAX The from the and back memory. You to and combined. of the following: to the (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this
Select (Select prompted.) You this
Select Dial/Group You this Select and the To entry, and the To entry, and the of the following: To and and OK To numbers, and OK the as to or finished, the to the to memory.
Speed/Group the OS topic: and Related topics Speed/Group the Product You and the FAX Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences the FAX option and Select Double-click FAX necessary. You this FAX the Dial/Group
from the Product You this To entry, entry. To entry, and the information. To entry, and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the as to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics Speed/Group the Product these sections to using from the Product the the OS topic: these sections to the Manually or Selecting from or from Connected Telephone Broadcasting
Manually or topic: You from manually the or redialing the the faxing. Press the necessary. Select of the following: the the LCD then the to the You to characters. Press to the If to and If and-white.
Selecting from or Press the If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product Related Related and Characters Related topics the Product You from selecting or from the the faxing. Press the necessary.
Select Select Select the or to If to and If and-white. Press the If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the and the If the or there redialing and the topic: from the Product Related references
from Connected Telephone Related topics the Product and If connected telephone to the EXT the from the connected telephone. the faxing. Press the necessary. Select the from the connected telephone. Select the LCD with the the telephone. If to and If and-white.
Broadcasting Press the If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the telephone. the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product You easily to the or or phone numbers. You the to to phone numbers. You black-and-white when this option. the faxing. Press the necessary. Select
Select Advanced Broadcast New then of the following: Select then the to manually numbers. Select From then or entry. the to necessary. finished selecting If to and Press the If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product You of choice. You only black-and-white when this option. the faxing. Press the necessary.
Select phone or from or Select Advanced Select Select On the to then If to and Press the If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. the and the the specified You the If the or there displays and the topic: from the Product While these
the and and of and art. and the and 2-Sided originals the ADF. On topic: from the Product You from You to including cover the to and the command. You this:
Select with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to Click Print. If the first this
the OS information that the of the Then OK to the information. cover input or of then Next instructions using the FAX Utility, If cover to cover and information, then Next. Click to topic: You from OS the FAX Utility. You to including cover
the to Select the command You to the option the or another command. Select FAX option as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the Select the of as the the to Select from the You this
of the following to choose Select or from the and and the Click the and from Select from the You this
Reception Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Automatically Manually topic: and when reception to If connected to the and to manually. This allows to tone using the and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to topic:
Automatically Manually To and automatically, the to turned or To or off, If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or If telephone connected, and to that to the LCD displays that topic: Related Related Manually You to manually turning off This tone the connected telephone
the connected telephone the If hear the LCD Press the then the Press the to the topic:
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Memory Card memory memory the memory and the with the the cover and memory the the oriented correctly. Memory light force the the the only
Memory Card The memory light flashes and then memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Memory Card topic: Memory Cards With Product You these of memory Cards with You the following the Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD
Memory Card Specifications Removing Memory Card Right You the following the right CompactFlash topic: Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to of to topic: Memory Card with memory to to from memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory
from Memory Card and the memory light flashing. If to USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the or the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card these sections to from memory and from Memory Card Cards topic: Memory Cards With Product these sections to and LCD and
and Displayed the LCD Screen Memory Card Memory Card Memory Card topic: from Memory Card You as them the LCD of the following to To the thumbnail of the to then or to the of to Press the or right arrow to through and or the back to to the thumbnail and another photo. To Select Select then or to the of to when finished. To based the they Select Select then of the shown. Select Proceed then or to the of to Select when finished.
Displayed the LCD Memory Card To of the following as the To or photo, the thumbnail of the photo to then the OK then when finished. To the appearance and of the thumbnail of photo, and the finished, the back To the then the finished, the back ready to the To topic: and Related Memory Card Memory Card Related Displayed the LCD If to or the LCD the thumbnail of the to and the To the photo, to the or to the outward. To the the arrow buttons. To the To the OK topic: and Select the options to when and the LCD The only the of the photo, the
options On the brightness, and of the based the Detection that selected. off below P.I.M. PRINT or Detection the of the option that matches People Night Red-Eye Automatically the On On tone to the or B&W black-and-white to the or Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: and
Memory Card the options to when the LCD options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of memory options the selected Prints Source Prints Prints and then when the first the and type of both when selecting this option) Prints the feed Rear Expands the to the of the around the With Quality Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white Prints the the the the
Memory Card options Info. On Prints that Text Prints that Prints location information that built-in GPS On Automatically the to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to Clear Clears topic: and Related Memory Card Select that matches the loaded. type Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Double-sided
from Memory Card type topic: and You or from memory of Press the necessary. Select More Functions
to of the then the option Select the and type that matches the loaded, then Proceed If to choose and of of the following: Select to allow to the the automatically. Select manually to the manually. Select the to then Proceed If chose to the manually, follow the instructions the LCD to and the then Proceed Press or to the of to to then Proceed Select as necessary. ready to the To topic: from Memory Card
Cards Creating and Card Template Select the to when Prints photo or or or the or of the ID Prints Prints photo the of Prints to thumbnail topic: from Memory Card You memory or other and handwritten or First and template Then the template, and cards. Creating and Card Template Card from Template topic: from Memory Card and memory Press the necessary.
Select More Functions Select Card Select Select and Template Select the then Proceed Select then to three or to Select then the type of to Select the other as necessary, then Proceed
Card from Template ready to template the topic: Cards Related Memory Card Related topics Loading template printed, to and or to the and the Text and Text Effects. within the You write hand, and the or the that (lower) this inches or this inches Select Cards from Template (If the option, the and More Functions Card Cards from Template Follow the instructions the LCD to the template facedown the with the facing the front right corner.
Memory Card From the cover, then Proceed To than or to the to ready to the To necessary. topic: Cards Related Creating and Card Template You to and from memory memory From from Memory Card to topic: Memory Cards With Product from to memory memory to memory from the the memory the or from the memory memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then and Select the type the and topic: Memory Card
from Memory Card to Related Removing Memory Card You to and from memory memory and connected to to and from memory while from the memory connected to memory memory of the following to memory from the or then the OS with USB the or then OS with Select the or the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD Select the that the to to the or memory LCD to to the memory the memory light flashing, then and the memory to the displayed. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card
with Product from Connected to Product Selecting and Follow the instructions these sections to with such as smartphone, or other from Connected to Product or from USB or If that PictBridge to the and directly from the to JPG and from to the of of type, and supported, and the Selecting and Connecting and from topic: with Product from and the the of the the Press the necessary.
Press the or right arrow and then and
Select Select the to the back Select Select the to then the to ready to and
topic: from Connected to Product Select the options to when from options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected Source Prints Prints Prints and then when the first the and type of both when selecting this option) Rear Prints the
options Expands the to the of the With around the Prints Prints the selected of or or CD/DVD or the or of the Prints the of to thumbnail Quality Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white the which the On Prints the which the Info. Prints and ISO Text Prints text that Prints location information photo that built-in GPS
options On Automatically the to the selected photo off Bidirectional On Prints to CD of Selects and from CD the when from topic: Selecting and Related Select the options to when from The the of the photo, the options On Automatically the brightness, and of the photo based the Detection that selected off below P.I.M PRINT Matching or
Connecting and from options Detection the of the option that matches People Night Red-Eye the On Automatically the red-eye off the tone to the or B&W black-and-white to the or Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: Selecting and the turned memory from the the to
or from USB or the USB that with to the USB the front of You the USB to from to Turn Follow the instructions that with to and off and from the topic: from Connected to Product Related Removing Memory Card Related topics Loading You and from USB or other such as or CD/DVD the with the USB Specifications Connecting and USB or topic: with Product
USB Specifications Connecting and USB or Related Memory Card Related topics Loading and You that these specifications. JPEG with the to of to topic: or from USB or or the turned the of memory from the the to USB or the USB that with the USB the front of (such as CD) necessary. Select the to from the LCD the light the flashing, then or from the the USB or off the when the light flashing, or the topic: or from USB or
Coloring You or or or stationery with background. Coloring Lined and Graph You from memory or from or the of these of inches or A4 inches Bright White only) Press the necessary. More Functions
and Coloring of the following: or to from facedown the the front right corner. Select Memory Card to from memory then photo. Select Proceed and the and type of that loaded. Select Source and where If necessary, the following to the or Detection to the amount of the ready to the To topic: Related Memory Card
Related topics Loading the Product You or with of the background. inches or A4 inches memory memory Press the button, necessary. Select More Functions
and and of the following without the thumbnails to each option to the Select the of loaded. Select the to then Proceed To the to Proceed To than or to the to ready to the To topic:
and Graph Related Memory Card Related topics Loading You or and inches or A4 inches Press the necessary. Select Functions
and Select of the following Thin Graph the thumbnails to each option to the Select the of loaded. to Proceed To than or to the to ready to the To topic: Related topics Loading
CD/DVD Loading CD/DVD Follow the instructions to CDs or to CD/DVD Loading CD/DVD Printed CD/DVD CD/DVD the CD/DVD from Memory Card Onto CD/DVD from Memory Card from You of the following features to CD/DVD and Copy existing CD/DVD CD/DVD to from memory CD/DVD text and from the CD software You to with from memory topic: Related CD/DVD from Memory Card Onto CD/DVD from Memory Card You CDs or including the CD/DVD while the or other operations. or the of the CD/DVD become or scratched.
If where the to within inch of the to the the or CD software. or Press the necessary. Press the CD and CD/DVD to CD the the nothing the then the front cover.
the CD/DVD from the of the CD or DVD the CD/DVD with the and the the the the the and the the Ready OK the The CD/DVD of off the with CD or DVD the first.
Removing Printed CD/DVD topic: CD or DVD printed, the automatically. the CD/DVD of the and then CD or DVD from the the CD/DVD the the of the the CD or DVD You to to hours the to the type of used. from and sunlight. topic:
CD/DVD the Copying CD/DVD You CD or DVD the and the another CD or DVD. the cover. CD or DVD facedown the of the the cover to topic: You or CD/DVD directly CD or DVD. If first the CD, DVD, or to Press the necessary. Press the CD Select CD/DVD Copy Follow the instructions the LCD to CD, DVD, or photo the then Proceed If necessary, the and outer of CD as shown the then Proceed You this
Select of the options shown the to CD/DVD or If Proceed Select as ready to the To topic:
from Memory Card Onto CD/DVD Related Loading CD/DVD CD/DVD the Related topics Loading the Product You or from memory directly CD/DVD. If first memory memory the CD, DVD, or to Press the necessary. Press the CD Select CD/DVD Select Follow the instructions the to photo or the to the and outer of CD, the necessary, then Proceed
from Memory Card You this Select of the options shown the to CD/DVD or If Proceed the CD necessary, then the to To topic: Related Loading CD/DVD Memory Card Related topics Loading You from memory to CD/DVD You thumbnail to the printed, and to memory memory the to
Press the necessary. Select More Functions Select and then of the following: to photo the of the Index to or thumbnail the Select and type, then Proceed
from CD/DVD with CD/DVD Follow the instructions the LCD to and the of the necessary. ready to the To printed, and following the topic: Related Memory Card Related topics Loading directly CDs or from as the and the CD software. CD/DVD with CD/DVD with OS topic: Related Loading CD/DVD You with the CD software, as these CD/DVD CD/DVD CD/DVD CD/DVD Quality topic: from You CD to and creating effects.
CD/DVD the CD You this the buttons the of the to template or background or graphic information, the finished creating and topic: CD/DVD with to then the CD or DVD that or the CD and You this
CD/DVD selected as the To without the and follow the instructions the ready to the the the Click topic: CD/DVD with If printed correctly the the CD/DVD to CD and You this
Select Confirmation Click the the from the to the Top and Right to from the of the and the of the Click then You this
CD/DVD Quality Click then the Top the Height and the Right the (Right) Click OK topic: CD/DVD with If smears or the and This to their the of CD/DVD to CD and You this
CD/DVD with OS Confirmation Click the and to to the or the the Click the Correction to or as necessary. Select Confirmation and the button. Click to another the to further the ready to CD or DVD. topic: CD/DVD with You with the CD software, as these
CD/DVD OS CD/DVD OS CD/DVD OS CD/DVD OS CD/DVD Quality OS topic: from You CD to and creating effects. the CD the Applications Software CD You this the the of the to background or graphic
CD/DVD OS CD/DVD OS finished creating topic: CD/DVD with OS to then the CD or DVD that or the CD and from the You this selected as the To without the and follow the instructions the ready to the the the topic: CD/DVD with OS If correctly the the CD/DVD to
CD and from the You this Select Click the the from the to the Top and Right to from the of the and the of the Select from the Select You this
CD/DVD Quality OS Click Entry then the Top the Top and the Right the Right Click OK topic: CD/DVD with OS If smears or the and This to their the of CD/DVD to CD and from the You this
Select Click the and to to the or the the Select from the Select or the Correction as necessary. Select and Click to another the to further the ready to CD or DVD. topic: CD/DVD with OS
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD expended, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of and with If to to please to information. Cartridge Purchase Cartridges Removing and Cartridges Conserving Black with and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of LCD Press the necessary.
Checking Cartridge with Press the or right arrow and then The displayed. Displayed Select OK to topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges appears to when and To the and the the You this
or indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge with OS You of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and EPSON You this:
Purchase Cartridges Cartridge the following as necessary: To the or indicated the If of the the with the or improperly topic: Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase within months of the Black 277XL Standard-capacity High-capacity
and Cartridges 277XL 277XL 277XL Light 277XL Light 277XL topic: Purchase Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. that the CD/DVD Turn If expended, the LCD which to and Proceed then choose If the LCD Cartridge Standard-capacity High-capacity
the the head hand; otherwise, the white the the to the replacing. Then the of the to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of
the using the that with of the or to the from the the the or the shown Doing and
the from the and the that with the or of them. other or or the head first the Then the of the clicks
Conserving Black with Once the that replacing, the The the This the LCD If incorrectly, the and the clicks finished, the If or and the If the the that with it to the from and to the surrounding from smeared the the as the the with the of the head and to topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges The following appears when and there
The appears when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to the the Click this to the If this the topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning clean the You them them You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the
the CD/DVD of the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then Select Select Press the
Checking the The printed. the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there the head clean. If there or the Clean the Head Follow the instructions the to clean the head. If cleaning the head to the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Cleaning the Head the Product Loading Related topics Cartridges You the head or
the CD/DVD of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select You this: Click
Head Cleaning the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Cleaning the Head Loading Related topics Cartridges If and the clean the head. You the head expended, and to clean when You the first.
Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related topics Cartridges You the head the the CD/DVD sheets of the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then Select
Cleaning the Head Select Head Cleaning Press the to the head. You the LCD the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, the Select then the to and that the head clean. If cleaning the head to the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related the the Product Loading Related topics Cartridges You the head or
the CD/DVD sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select Head Cleaning You this: Click to the cleaning You the LCD the cleaning
off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head clean head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Checking the Loading Related topics Cartridges
Head the Head the Product If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality You the head the the CD/DVD sheets of the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then Select
the Head Select Head Press the to while head the and the the each Select when finished. topic: Head Related Loading You the head or the CD/DVD sheets of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences or Scan and Select and
OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select Head Click Next then to while head You this: the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to
Cleaning the Path topic: Head Related Loading If the back of the to of the the to without the the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related Loading Related topics Copying
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product these sections to clean or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should clean the and front cover when using the to from or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the connected the Clean the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force.
Transporting Product the ADF cover and lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), to the and the of the ADF. Clean the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise the Removing the the head and the from the its this the Turn off the the and to the head the right (the If the the head to then the off
the to the with the white the otherwise, the the from the the Disconnect connected the cover, the the ADF input and the ADF Then the
the its or with cushioning around the the to the from the turning If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software these sections to using Checking Software Updates Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Memory Card to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software the or the or Apps of
Product OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software topic: Related You often with the its LCD You information and how-to instructions the Press the necessary, the or right arrow and then LCD the Follow the instructions the LCD to the from the indicated loaded. the There with originals the to the they correctly and the operation. correctly the Turn the occurred. Turn the off and then back If the off and If there the connected to and software correctly. connected. The the of their service and the nearing the of its the (To service life. Please the The the of its service life. Turn off the and the of its service Please Support.
Product LCD Memory or the memory or correctly and the tone detected. the connected correctly and the phone If connected the to PBX Branch or off the Detection Combination of IP There with the to and Recovery occurred using USB and downloading the from If topic: Related references Where to the Product the the the Related topics Loading the Product operating properly. interface connected to the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then
Select Select Press the The printed. of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected
the other this or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then and
Select of these the and Communication the header, and and You Select to the selected (Select to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic: If hear from the following: The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the finished the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: Related Where to
Software Network If while software, these turned and necessary securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related If the these To LCD the To the of the or topic: Related LCD these or using
Product to Router or Access or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that own or and and Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network Network topic: If or to wireless router or these to within of router or near microwave or such as that router or operating correctly connecting to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security it and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless of the and to necessary. topic: Network
Network Software Product Network Product Appear OS If these turned and connected to (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. If necessary, software and to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the or from the CD that with the instructions the If router, software to to the router. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If connecting the wirelessly and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software
Network If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP using DHCP, the IP manually. and both using the wireless If and the strength. If to router or microwave or such as wired LAN router or to the LED the to which connected or flashing If the LED off, the following: the Ethernet securely connected to and to router, switch, or to or router, switch, or with Ethernet to from another the If the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Network
Scan Network Network If Scan these If high If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the to Network then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related topics Scanning You to the of using Press the necessary.
Copying Product Nothing Press the or right arrow and then and Select Select the Press the to the (Select to the operation.) the shown the to topic: Network these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary.
Product It While If the the software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying these sections with the Product the the the Ejection topic: If feeding these the the the If feed correctly, and it the right of the and the the the the the If once, the the to the sheets, and than the recommended of sheets. the If when both of the try sheets.
the Product follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related Loading Capacity the Product the the the Related topics Loading If that the follow the below or the LCD to clear the the necessary. from the feed the and
the white the the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the the
the If that the follow the below or the LCD to clear the the necessary. both then the the the as If the arrows the right Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Product the the
the If that the follow the below or the LCD to clear the the necessary. Press the buttons to release the and the from from the from the the and from
the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Product the the
the If with the (ADF), follow the below or the LCD to clear the the necessary. originals from the ADF. the ADF cover, then the ADF cover the the ADF cover then the
Press the and the
the the and the ADF cover. the ADF as shown. from beneath the ADF.
Ejection the ADF. the ADF its originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD screen to clear If the other topic: Related the Product the the (ADF) Specifications If with properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related or the Product the the the Related Product Related topics Loading
from Nothing Prints these sections while from Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from
Product Not Appear Cartridge Related Product If the first restarting If that this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Click and and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Click the Preferences button. Click the the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the If the head the follow the instructions this to and the to the its Complete the
topic: from Related topics Cartridges If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and Clear or to free existing using when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the and the following High RAW as topic: from Related or
and Inverted Too Related Selecting Selecting OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Position Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS that the or software
Incorrect Margins Printout topic: and If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Preferences OS Related Selecting Selecting OS If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS
Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Related topics Loading If these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software. the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the topic: and Related Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and
Incorrect or Printout Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If connected to USB directly to instead. topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading If try these the the of the Select higher software.
Quality White or Printout the head. the while or topic: and Related Head Related Selecting Selecting OS these sections with White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: Related topics Scanned Quality If white or these to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality
Blurry or Smeared Printout Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Preferences OS Related Selecting Advanced Related topics Loading Cartridges If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly with or the to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of lighter or that first. the and/or Increased Drying to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the
Printout or Printout properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related Preferences OS Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head
Printout Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading Cartridges If try these the of the correctly Select higher and off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software If the to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head
Incorrect Colors Related references Preferences OS Related Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting OS Related topics Loading If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting OS OS Related topics Cartridges
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, these memory and the operating such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Related Scanning with OS If Scan, these and interface securely connected both Scan selected
Scanned Quality power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan If both and If operating Scan, With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Starting Scan these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges
Consists of of Appears Scanned Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: Related topics Quality If consists of try these facing the If the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Office Professional Related topics the Product If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product
Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If appears or blurry, try these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these Scan and try
of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Brightness the and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the and of and the software to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with of the the Correction
Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped Memory Card the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Office Selecting Scan Selecting Scan Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product these memory with Memory Card Not or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card topic:
Memory Card Not or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card If memory properly force You to with memory topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Related Memory Card If or from memory these memory memory with the the memory the If too memory the or prompted to of the of or of the memory the of topic: Memory Card Related references Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Related Memory Card If to or from memory these only memory memory with the securely connected to
or If to the memory the memory write-protect to to allow writing to the that the correctly. topic: Memory Card Related references Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Related topics Memory Card these with or with Telephone Connected to Product topic: If or try these the turned and correctly turned to automatically. to this turned that the connecting telephone to LINE using or software to the that the phone to and testing If connected to DSL phone DSL to the phone to the DSL the necessary lowering the correction (ECM) turned trying to or
with Telephone Connected to Product to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software If connected to that to that when using If includes services, or service. topic: Related Connecting Telephone or Automatically Selecting Communication Reports Related topics Loading telephone connected to EXT that the LCD displays that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to
Turn off the interface of the following: to the Apps and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the (other Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall or the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select and click Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: or EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the sheet to software. If that software topic: to Product Software
Uninstalling Product Software OS Where to to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the Scan, or and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following options. (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the
of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical offers recycling of products. Please to information to products Specifications Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3
Specifications Scanning Specifications (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications and (lower), front Capacity inch thick topic: Technical Specifications type Flatbed, Rear feed top Approximately inch thick Approximately of Rear One to inch thickness
(ADF) Specifications Specifications CIS Photoelectric Effective inches Scanning to and Light LED topic: Technical Specifications input Facedown US or A4 type to feeding thickness: inch topic: Technical Specifications type Black and white and US or A4 to You the with Approximately sheets (US or A4) or
Specifications Household to CCITU/ITU with correction correction to (combined) memory to (ITU-T chart (with Interface RJ-11 topic: Technical Specifications the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or RJ-11 Telephone
Printable Specifications Single-sheets A4 inches and distributed Thickness inch to inch to to topic: Technical Specifications the expanded A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
Top: inch inch Right: inch inch
Cartridge Specifications inch inch Top: inch Right: inch CD/DVDs inch inch the clear of to the with topic: Technical Specifications that and them. The of other products and
Memory Card Specifications The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Black, Light Light Cartridge months to to within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Cards with Unopened the the month thaws and hours
Specifications CompactFlash Compatible DCF DCF or topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD CompactFlash and inches inches
Specifications Specifications inches (without topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to to Rated Rated copying: (ISO/IEC24712) topic: Specifications to to to RH (non-condensing) to RH topic: Technical Specifications inches Ready off to to month
Interface Specifications USB Specifications Network Interface Specifications Interface type USB Class computers) the operation of externally topic: Technical Specifications with AC that USB recommended. the of externally CD-ROM/CD-R 700MB DVD-ROM/DVD-R 4.7GB 1.3GB 2TB and USB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or topic: Technical Specifications IEEE Security WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES); WPA2 USB PictBridge CD-RW DVD-RW, DVD+R, and DVD+RW WEP
and Specifications LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. Ethernet Communication 100BASE-TX/10BASE-T The connected should topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6117-D69 This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC to the protection from non-recommended of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation of the Direct EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications
Notices FCC these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to information to products FCC Software Notice Copyright Notice United States This with of the FCC and the the Council ("ACTA") On the of this that other information, the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. If this to the telephone Applicable Service ("USOC") the RJ11C. and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and the ACTA. telephone and with this It to connected to that instructions The REN to the of that connected to telephone telephone the to incoming areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the telephone products July the REN this of the that the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the If this to the telephone the telephone that temporary of service required. isn't the telephone the as as Also, of right to with the FCC necessary.
The telephone its operations or that the operation of the If this the to to service. If with this and technical or please www.epson.com information. This to repaired the customer. If connecting this to telephone please America, Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: If the causing to the telephone the that the the This service the telephone to service to the service or corporation information. If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this If about what telephone or The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or (The telephone or other which charges or charges.) to this information follow the instructions Information". According to the FCC's advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions,
Software Notice interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to connected to interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the This Class with ICES-003. (IES) interface interface tous NMB-003 topic: Notices This includes software Section to the of each software
the of the GPL LGPL and (each Section years the of of this If to the please the of You comply with the terms of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written The terms of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL
This includes the software which apply the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes software which the terms of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC ncftp This includes the software "ncftp-3.2.4 which the and of the copyright to the "ncftp ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the and of the copyright to the "ARC4". This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software "MD5" which the terms and of the copyright to the MD5
Copyright Notice This includes the software "AES" which the terms and of the to the "AES". SHA1 This includes the software "SHA1" which the and of the copyright to the "SHA1". topic: Notices EPSON and EPSON TM EPSON TM and TM and EPSON of Corporation. EPSON SM service of Inc. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other of Apple Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions.
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted
Products Copyright Attribution those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. More achieved the to to shorter topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-37262R2 topic: Copyright Notice