Lily-fm.fm PM
that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. WARNING or the the authority to the instructions, interference to and reception. reception, which turning the off and the there that interference This and to of the FCC These If this interference to and to reasonable protection interference This tested and found to with the user to to the interference or of the and, and with the FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS following Lily.book March PM NMB-003 This Class with ICES-003. FOR CANADIAN USERS the outlet from that to which the connected Increase the the and or the
copying of copyrighted While countries and of the copyright when and and and copying those as broad as people EPSON each to NOTE CONCERNING RESPONSIBLE USE OF COPYRIGHTED MATERIALS implied, or with to this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this America or or DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY IMPORTANT NOTICE apply to Lily-fm.fm Monday, AM of America, Inc. with to rights of this publication reproduced, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written from the of the information this publication and features to without or transmitted, or the of information COPYRIGHT NOTICE EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON TRADEMARKS CORPORATION. CPD-7967R1 Copyright America, Inc. California, USA Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those and of Inc. the United States and other countries and and EPSON FaxAdvice, EPSON HyPict, and of Inc. EPSON SoundAdvice service of Inc. of
Introduction Lily.book March PM EPSON 750Z high and You and easy-to-use with built-in LCD and them to You and graphics them, or them TV or and them back with 12MB of memory to the interpolated to The the right the The 750Z using CCD 750Z With HyPict LCD sunlight, life. Introduction
back TV, VCR, or and or white and and 750Z with batteries, software, and downloading, editing, and 750Z Lily.book March PM with photography to directly to EPSON printerswithout using and recording each shut-off to 4MB internal memory and 8MB CompactFlash that together or (interpolated) HyPict to and to 750Z and includes the following features: to to PC or and TV or Two-inch, active TFT LCD with and back or Introduction
AC with V) outlet EPSON offers these the 750Z: rechargeable Optional with the 750Z software which includes the following editing, and software Lily.book March PM and PCMCIA from leading such You CompactFlash memory IOMEGA that directly as and Also, purchase from CompactFlash memory to including and The EPSON and TWAIN and and them EPSON Direct Direct EPSON the directly from the to of EPSON Introduction
Software or or to CompactFlash memory directly from the with or higher To to and them, these IBM PC with or higher Lily.book March PM or higher) VGA with least At least 40MB CD-ROM At least 16MB RAM or NT (with Service NT Microsoft with RS-232C interface or higher) At least 16MB RAM EPSON technical through services and telephone services hours Where To VGA or SVGA with least At least 40MB free or other CD-ROM Introduction
please the following information ready: to through AM PM (U.S.), or To to technical or charges apply. The following the information: From the reach World Lily.book March PM Access Service services (U.S. only). please You purchase and from EPSON www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). of the Product Product of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America membership, and free introductory CompuServe EPSON CompuServe If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON FTP Automated telephone services about EPSON products hours to commonly EPSON SoundAdvice You Access technical information to this service. EPSON FaxAdvice the location of Authorized EPSON EPSON Service Access Service SM Introduction
products, and software Please to the the 750Z and back to This with 750Z. to information software and NT users, the Tour first) included with the of the following If with software technical Lily.book March PM Software cover or of the To reduce the of shock, the as instructed Started and this of these instructions and follow and instructions the and Instructions the EPSON and the Direct and TWAIN the EPSON the EPSON software. through the or the or to or To fire or shock, please and the EPSON You EPSON the EPSON If to the licensing fee. Software Licensing Introduction
and Started and this the of the charger supply to the charger directly from the weather If the shows such as or and/or the AC and the AC off immediately. the from the To fire or the or charger where or Lily.book March PM to the the to Allow the which and its optional to to or to from them. To of or where to or sunlight, high humidity, heat, or the of bright light, If the charger shows such as or immediately. the to sunlight of To to the optics of the the or the with or with the AC the of to to C). the from heat the within reach of Introduction
and/or the and the AC and servicing to service the or its optional the the the following the or or its normally or performance. Lily.book March PM to service the or yourself. servicing to service those that covered the operating instructions. them thoroughly with and If or the LCD and them immediately with If the the Introduction
These the 750Z advanced following Advanced Lily.book March PM to with the FOR SALE FOR SALE HyPict the advanced Continuous shooting Mileage Advanced
seconds. Then they seconds light the front of the Press the The and the the released. 750Z the the The when the The light the back of the flashes as light flashing and another This allows to of yourself. the the and the the With the Follow these to with the Lily.book March PM to To off the the or off the the cover. A-2 information the or and attaching the to the and the On to or the light appears Press the The the With the LCD the to as as inches Follow these Turn the to the You the LCD Advanced
Press the the to the To off the three or off the NOTE Press the the back of the Lily.book March PM although they than the and Strips the top and of the the A) and the flash. should (as appear and washed-out. seconds, the MACRO appears the LCD and the around the the to and follow these to Press the the Press the to the appears the right of the While The light and Advanced
The following the and You cant when with shooting NOTE to or You the top of the or HyPict or HyPict (both The PANORAMA appears and appear the top and of the LCD and the the Lily.book March PM the Press the to the appears the right of the While The light and Press the the to the The active the or off the Advanced
Press the the to the The active the or off the NOTE allowing to of telephoto. The This the Lily.book March PM Since the the and cover off, then follow these to advanced and the of information. You the the LCD to the the to the The D-ZOOM appears LCD appears around the and displayed the the of the the to and follow these to Press the three the and the to the The and of the LCD the appears the right of the While The light and Press the to the Advanced
Conditions advanced photo instructions. to the other The highlight the currently selected and Press the You choose from the following SEL Press the (select) Lily.book March PM and LCD brightness). the instructions. information Information (turn off the of instructions. buttons arrow (select) SEL the currently selected highlighted The appear the top of the with this the as shown: ESC To the the the to this to and the to finished, the (It off within seconds.) Advanced
to the Conditions or Press You motion, such as this of to second, with to the or Continuous Shooting Lily.book March PM Press the SEL to the lighting cant the to and follow these to of You cant the shooting, the or features with shooting. NOTE Press the SEL to the Advanced
Press and the the The light flashes and the as each Release the when the The light flashes as the the selected and then SEL to the Press Lily.book March PM To switch back to follow through turn off the You shooting with the seconds. This allows to photograph of motion. Follow these Shooting Press SEL then the ESC to to The shows arrow to CONTINUOUS the appears You the appears around the and the of the the Cnt shooting to the to or Press the or A-2 information attaching the to Turn the to Advanced
To switch back to follow and off the the the You as as the temporarily seconds to each and to to with Normally, the It the to the internal memory or the its 4MB DRAM while CompactFlash Shots Follow through to shooting. Lily.book March PM Press the the to and follow these to appears the The Press the to the Conditions or Press Press the SEL to the You seconds to ready action front of the The and the light the front of the seconds. Then they seconds the released. The as and the light flashes as the processed. Advanced
HyPict. this the 750Z The 750Z the and then them to HyPict SEL Press the to the options: Lily-1.fm AM and Follow these to them JPEG HyPict and ultra-high without to the Conditions or Press SEL Press the to the HyPict SEL ESC Press then the to to selected and Press SEL to the to the to Press You cant the to HyPict The approximately seconds to each You the Function to HyPict NOTE Advanced
or white or You choose from the following advanced photographic Advanced SEL Press the to the options: Lily.book March PM the instructions the following sections to with advanced photography, with of White selected and then SEL On to the to HyPict Press ESC Press the to to NOTE that both and of automatically. This Normally, the 750Z the white without bluish or yellowish appearance. or HyPict ready to the as Chapter HyPict Started information about Advanced
SEL Press the to the the white warmer appearance lighting or of the effects, such as red-tinted The white the white yourself. Lily.book March PM highlight the advanced If the advanced to and SEL and the SEL Press the to the white to highlight the white Press the to then follow these to with white Photographing With White to the Conditions or Press Press the SEL to the to the white to or Press ESC Press the to to SEL and (The white 5200K.) Advanced
SEL Press the to the To switch back to white follow through from to arrow appears to the WB (white the with the LCD as Started instructions.) Lily.book March PM highlight the advanced If the advanced to and and the SEL SEL Press the to the white to highlight the white Press the to then follow these to with white Photographing With White SEL Press the to the to the white to or Press The LCD shows and the that the and SEL to the Conditions or Press Advanced
the and automatically. If to or the normally ESC Press the to to arrow appears to the WB (white the other to the white by, and the the of white or to the to and the SEL Press Lily.book March PM the to then follow these to with to the Conditions or Press SEL Press the to the Follow the instructions Started to with the LCD as through from to Then To switch back to white follow the ESC button to to You cant white memory NOTE Advanced
ESC Press the to to The appears the of the SEL to from and the Press to and or SEL Press SEL Press the to the as shown. Lily.book March PM Function and the arrow to or or the and the the the of the LCD to the the and the If the to highlight the advanced and the SEL to the highlighted the Press SEL to whole You to than the once to the This when bright background, facing the Press Advanced
the to then follow these to the high to to the Conditions or Press SEL Press the to the to whole You to than the This when photographing to the with background. Press Lily.book March PM SEL Press the to the following the instructions Started If about the lighting with the LCD as to with To switch back to follow through the to and the If the advanced to highlight the advanced SEL With these the from the ISO of to ISO of The high light or without the flash. or Night or Advanced
To light the background as as subject, the when This option the to allowing light to the Night Photography and to highlight the Press SEL to the Lily.book March PM to the Conditions or Press the to then follow these Press the SEL to the following the instructions Started with the LCD as High SEL (ISO or (ISO and ESC Press the to to to from (ISO to or Press follow through from To switch back to the High or to Advanced
with the LCD as (You follow the instructions Started To switch back to the follow through from to SEL Press the to the Lily.book March PM and the If the advanced to highlight the advanced to highlight the Press SEL ESC Press the to to SEL Press to from to Advanced
Lily.book March PM by-one or of You through the LCD You as easily as the This LCD back or selected and features chapter the following: playback back one-by-one Turning off information as back back TV
The this displayed the as shown: SEL To the the appear the top of the with the currently selected displayed the and the to Follow these to the playback the Lily.book March PM buttons to the and other Press the and LCD brightness). to information. You choose from the following The appears the LCD
ESC To the the the and the to this finished with the Playback or of instructions. information played-back Information (turn off the of instructions. Lily.book March PM the to Playback the the LCD with the and information: and One One and instructions. information, or with memory cards). memory to and Chapter instructions. of Software directly from the or the Direct instructions. LCD and instructions. automatically). instructions. back
of the appear the with the currently selected white, as shown below. to through You the to to the earliest Press Press the thumbnail of You back to once. the to and follow these Lily.book March PM the Playback or Press Press the SEL to the selection through the the the first or photo of the group, the or three the buttons to the white and Press the group. Press the SEL to choose the ESC then the to the
appears to To the the count the Press SEL to SEL the The the manually or the of the To or back through the or the follow through choose the Normal To switch back to the as Lily.book March PM with other information. You The LCD displays the and of each off the information To the the ESC Press ESC to to playback Turning Information You the LCD to automatically. the to SEL Press the to the LCD the or option. Press the and follow these SEL Press the to the LCD the to and follow these back with the Press the SEL The LCD appearing the right corner.
The sections of that the below: the Information or Press the Lily.book March PM Press the SEL to the LCD the to and follow these the option. or Press the SEL Press the to information You to information back You off information displayed Turn the to and follow the ESC To the the shows Press the SEL to the of which section of currently displayed. You to of Then the arrow to the and the LCD and another section to sections and three sections
the to and the to displayed. Then follow these Function ESC the and the button. the Currently Displayed buttons. buttons to the or right. To the or The which section displayed. or Function the and the and the ESC Press the to to Press Lily.book March PM You the following the LCD The LCD them back: You or (protect) them from You the currently displayed ESC to the warning If to Press to clear the to SEL Press the to the The and the to playback instructions locking and the NOTE connected to instructions, You through software when the Started and
SEL Press the to the The following displayed: You to the choose to the the the to from You or or to information about locking and Selecting to Lily.book March PM If to or of the Select choose Then with ESC to the or the appears to that to the Press the SEL If choose Then the SEL to to the without the to choose Select or or Press the the to and follow these to SEL then the to the the or options: Press the SEL Press the to the LCD to through the the the or appears the Press the SEL button, then the
The allows to from You selected or the the ESC Press to playback the If to other the SEL Press the appears around to them, then the SEL to them. or the Lily.book March PM NOTE SEL then the to the the or Press the SEL Press the to the LCD the to then follow these to selected the to the ESC button. appears to SEL Press the to the and to the To the selection of photo, highlight and SEL the from the (If to SEL Press the to the appears the the If there them first.) NOTE
to through the the the photo to appears the or SEL Press the then the appears to the SEL Press the If to other the then the SEL to the highlighted Press the Lily.book March PM SEL to them, then the to them. or selected the to ESC the The following appears: SEL To the selection of photo, the NOTE If to or of the Select choose Then with to choose or or Press the If to the choose to that to the SEL Press the to the SEL Then the appears Then the ESC to
then the SEL to the highlighted Press the of selected or the the Press ESC to playback SEL Press the to the Lily.book March PM Unlocking If to or of the Select choose Then with to choose Select or Unlock or Press the SEL then the to the the or Press the SEL Press the to the LCD the to then follow these to Unlock Then the SEL button. appears to that to ESC the Then the button the Press the SEL to to playback If to the choose
Press ESC to playback or VCR using the that with You 750Z. SEL Press the to the TV to through the the the to appears the or SEL Press the then the Press the SEL button. The from the to them, then If to other the SEL the to them. or the Lily.book March PM the to VCR, the Record the VCR and the LCD to You to them without TIP the ESC The following selected the to appears: SEL To the selection of photo, the NOTE the and TV (and VCR) turned off. Follow these to back TV:
VIDEO IN the of the to the the or VCR: of the to the as the cover and the shown: Lily.book March PM Turn the TV (and VCR) and switch to the
Turn the to The playback when appears the TV You of the displayed TV. Lily.book March PM NOTE back TV. A-1 instructions and the optional AC recommended when information.
Applications and Lily.book March PM Although of the instructions and this chapter apply to or follow the or of TWAIN Applications NOTE and from or and You the to directly from the and You or You and This chapter the 750Z following: directly If Photoshop or other from the Follow these Choose then Select TWAIN_32 Source (or TWAIN Select Source then from the TWAIN with the and from that with and Applications and
The Not If that the Select and then Select the and to to the Responding The EPSON appears, with thumbnail of as shown below. (or then TWAIN_32 Choose then EPSON Choose 750Z as the TWAIN TWAIN from the Lily.book March PM You and the following Info Click to the and and other information. Click of the to the Click to Click to this the Not recommended without the AC PhotoEnhance Click to the once. However, the (You and Click Applications and
that The Not Responding You the below. (If Click to and to the from If necessary, to the EPSON and to You the or the Lily.book March PM of EPSON to the as JPEG If or other of from the the JPEG to the the as them. That You Can information as You or the or Select Click the or or NT EPSON software. and then to 750Z Follow these to and with EPSON EPSON Applications and
Select the type from the You choose of the following (BMP) JPEG PCX Click the The appears: Click to Lily.book March PM choose Click to You exported EPSON Photo!2. Click to and the exported PICT only) NOTE Click to and Click to choose the type photo(s) Click to the from You and other instructions, Click to EPSON Photo!2. If than the software to each Applications and
the EPSON with try to from the or the following What To If the Responding and to Select the and to and downloaded. You then from to the or optional memory Chapter information. of the things with EPSON Photo!2: Lily.book March PM the and from the or information. the to or and from information. the turned and off automatically. If has, turn the and then back On Follow these to Applications and
them You cant JPEG the to them from the (as and Once and of to Chapter troubleshooting Click If the the the and the enough or AC connected. Lily.book March PM NOTE Photo!2 the automatically. Select another necessary. to the EPSON If connected to and internal the other, COM3 or COM4. Click If the with the where to the Follow these to 750Z correctly. chooses the that with Select EPSON This actually too the of the to You to to choose the Applications and
to The appears Click OK (or or whatever command, such as which to Select the where to from the Lily-3.fm Monday, AM the or appears: and the to of Applications and
and From Once easily and them or other applications, first, and then the around the to around the or other instructions, or Lily-3.fm PM NOTE and with OLE WordPerfect, or as when and them as when such as Microsoft Word, them. NOTE With Copy and You this to about type of or Follow these Copy Copy Click the or from the Click from Existing as Chapter Follow these Choose (or from the the where to the of the appears or other Applications and
the where to the You should both the and the as shown: or from the You the following: from the the Lily.book March PM While holding the the to the location where Click the the and the to or other Applications and
You the the right of Double-click the First to the to as Chapter Then follow these If to or the to the and Chapter information Release the The appears Lily.book March PM or NT4.0, and easy to from the You the to or the the Then directly or The which With the and NT If PC If trying to the PC Card and with the only with and NT NOTE Applications and
OK Click appear of thumbnail and the Follow these chose to and or (The of You then and as the Card Choose of the following Lily.book March PM Copy from the Card to to You then to the and Copy and them from the the and where to the to and them from the You then to and Card with the of the following the option chose Applications and
the type the and OK They OK Click to to with appear of thumbnail as shown the Copy Copy Follow these chose or Them and them Click the to Without releasing the the location where downloaded from the and appears the to appear, release the The the to Lily.book March PM Follow and the section to and or other to the and (Click the to to If to or the Tour choose from the the information about the as You to and with the first to as NOTE Applications and
to and each to as You of layouts. On sounds wallpaper, and This chapter covers the following: With and Lily.book March PM or sound to and sound as shows Copying to or as as wallpaper annotations Working With and
New or from New the If to the to and of the things Lily-4.fm AM with existing Although initially easily and to them or information To or of the selected Select the or to or the Ctrl Option or to and the the image(s) to the other the to the to and the where the located. Follow these to or from to another: Working With and
the and or of the The appears the and You information about and the that to Follow these Information The to the You the and or the the highlighted, of the Lily.book March PM Click the to or to the Double-click the that appears the You easily displayed Follow these Click the to The highlighted. Double-click to With and
Click the to information the following: or Click the from the You information the following: Lily-4.fm AM Click another to its information, or the choose the of of You You or offers choices or with titles, or text to specify or with or With and
Follow the instructions the sections below to choose and the The the of the shows of or choose Click the the or to from the Lily.book March PM Follow these to footer to and or the To from NT the or finished the choose from the You title or to NOTE Click to The appears: of and Click to Click to or of cant choose You choose or and from of layouts. or the other this section. Choosing the Working With and
You then or Custom If choose the shows the Choose the and of interactively the or to Click the or the Lily-4.fm Monday, PM Follow these the sections to text or other or follow the instructions the to to the of the Click the arrow to the to the of and choices: choose from of sheets. With and
Click to the and header, footer, or following header, footer, or of Item Click to choose of the the choices each): The Text Text Click the appears: If to or headers or footers with follow these Lily.book March PM Text The text the of the OK. finished type the or Right text the or the Footer Select or or Right boxes to You type each and then type the text to the Working With and
You that cropped. If to the or or follow the instructions the section. Choose the to and each where to appear the and them Follow these to the choose the as to the If If as Choosing Lily.book March PM You and then around to the Follow these to the Double-click the to the Printed appears the right of Click the With and
to to the Click the and and then to Click the the shows the it and choose the to The other and the the of the become active. Lily-4.fm PM microphone and sound with If and includes or annotations to Follow these to sound: to the Sound to Only) Select the to sound to. and then Click the to reduce You the and of to and With and
Record (You with to the recording and the OK If recording, Sounds or Record from the the of to the Record Click the Record Lily.book March PM (indicated the that attached to plays. To sound to existing Record Additional choose Record New To sound to choose Select the option New To to recording, choose To to recording, choose To recording, choose Stop With and
Click and to section of the or the You the following operations: Click the to hear the section selected. Click to the section. You the with sound and the buttons the of to to or Lily.book March PM To recording or playback or other of from the You (or right-click) the sound Select another and to the sound to the Click Copy to NOTE You recorded sounds or copying and from to another. Follow these Select that Editing Sounds the to Select the with the sound to To follow these playback Sounds or choose from the The sound Click the Working With and
highlights, or other additions. Select from the The following appears: Lily-4.fm Monday, PM If to the or of the the Only) You to highlight or using the annotations You Click If to annotations, and to the to choose to these the to the to. Follow these to annotations to or permanently the With and
If the Follow these to the from the that the that to The appear other or of as If the to the section below. Lily.book March PM from the The following appears: Then follow these to permanently Once cant back, to of annotations: the that the annotations that to Select from the Click displays the as the Working With and
If to the appearance of the The appears: With when as with Follow these as Shows Lily.book March PM The first appears with the as shown: or Click the from the To stretch the whole to Seconds the the To the each OK: of the following options and Click the to the options Working With and
Choose from the of whenever to choice. Click Transition Effects To off the and that To the of To the once, Continuous to Lily-4.fm PM to The include If to the displayed, to or information. the as Wallpaper NOTE To off attached to To annotations that appear to Click the to the Sounds to to Choose Wallpaper You of as the background the to or from the Follow these If or NT, easy to with as the to Follow these With and
NT or You to to or If or wallpaper. the as the the following appears. Lily-4.fm Monday, PM background. and business to or You include or their computers. This and completely Follow these Choose to the of the or to the with of existing wallpaper. Click to If to include of the to To than To Select from the the to the Ctrl or If the to stretched the whole to Click (If Wallpaper With and
(or other write-protected the of to or three You to or other to NOTE You the following Lily.book March PM the or player.exe The appear with the To the the or as shown below: OK Click to or appears the Copy to If to include to the Include checked. instructions options If to the whole there Selected to Working With and
Choose from the You the Choose Profile the right. Click to interface) or NT only). You directly from or Microsoft You to with the MAPI Microsoft to with service. and Sound Lily.book March PM Click New service information about Microsoft or to with Microsoft service Microsoft Choose the to If cant directly from as normally and or and sound NOTE You type heading and the where the Click OK and the image(s) selected appear as attachments. and service correctly and Then follow these the of Select or the image(s) to With and
ready, whatever to The and becomes active Lily.book March PM Working With and
Editing Lily.book March PM This chapter the following features: to their appearance, and them, or effects. and selecting Correcting Applying the of and Applying Creating Editing
and to the to Click the then Select Select to isolate of Click and then anywhere to Right or the and to of the three selection Select or to other editing features, to the double-clicking or selecting and Selecting from the Lily.book March PM Select Click to or the Select Click to or NOTE to the and selection the of Select information about of the this chapter, the information the and Chapter Select Select Select Editing
or choose Corrections from the You To the Corrections the following: Correcting or The to to correct with the command. You the from the Lily.book March PM Applying If displayed (without If the from the the cant NOTE the Click and to the and edited Editing
the and the corrected the right. If and the below the You to the the and edited The shows with the to Each includes and easily correcting the or right to Click the the top of the to these of the amount of light and the light and areas. and Brightness Lily.book March PM Apply Click to the edited becomes and the to the of the Click OK to the the Corrections and to the (red), and yellow; and red, correcting casts and the of and or of and the brightness of around the wheel, the Click to the the and to the or and Sharpness increasing and of Editing
The of the that the If about which of the to anywhere the selected of the and or choose Crop from the Click the Crop function to the of the Follow these If to of the the to Lily.book March PM You the of This the or inch. Click and the the to the selected. Click of the selection selected Editing
to the right. from the to You the Choose from the You the following: Lily.book March PM If displayed (without the cant the of rotation) counterclockwise) You choose of the following: Right clockwise) NOTE to the This Preserve Aspect If to the or To both together. If to with rotation, choose and follow these Click and the the tool. (interactive rotation, as below) Ratio to Editing
You selecting from the This useful Select to turn of and arrow appear, as shown: Lily.book March PM choose Effects from the You To or the following: Applying Effects Release the when the the to Editing
the and the the right. If to the the and and the below the You The shows with the to Click the the top of the to these effects: You whirlpool effects or You the and of the Lily.book March PM becomes and the Click Apply to the to the of the OK Click to the the Effects and to the Click to the the and to the To the of the as through Fisheye To You the light or background. Edges You stitches You to stitch Creating Each includes applying the the to the right to increase the You effects. To of or to Editing
the Tour of stitches and Follow these to stitch Stitching the or try If the and the Dont the this the top and from the Lily.book March PM Picture-Taking the that the to stitch. Stitch Select from the You the Stitch that about to that the the the each where to appear the that to stitch together the of that of and of or least from and the the Editing
the stitch with around stitched If the clicking the selected and selecting the selected, the to To the that to or the Perspective You of the following options stitch: Lily.book March PM Projection If with the of stitch, the troubleshooting section below. the following and with Troubleshooting that perfectly and advanced the that correctly Smooth brightness, the the Projection stitch. The the smooth stitch finished the Stitch Select from the (The the the to stitch.) You the as stitched. Editing
of the the enough from subject. If than from or there stitched incorrectly. If there the of to the should together. the You to rearrange to of The Lily.book March PM to of these If of the the the cant stitched together. There or holding the right to instead of from or there too enough recommended). that the or to shots. stitched together together correctly, the drastically, or stitch completely the fisheye (or other to that with the others. Stitching completely. field or there of that enough If there enough the with enough information to match Editing
the other editing the of to the whole You cant the of selected only. NOTE If this of to follow the picture-taking To the of the of Colors Lily.book March PM of Colors from the You choose from the following: low-resolution or of Colors) software. The originally captured. of Colors) If as or switch to of and white. Editing
Custom and Advanced Lily.book March PM from and From With 750Z allows to choose the that You or EPSON to and NOTE LCD and further operation, with the the the LCD the clock and of other to each You with from To the power-saving the connected to You the from the and from of each and the speed. from with the LCD from This chapter covers the following: Custom and Advanced
the Click to You the following: If the optional AC when the to The AC 750Z, or from EPSON Accessories. should where bought Lily.book March PM A-1 information. NOTE Click to the the to as Started the facing the the when shots. A-2 instructions. Follow these to from the connected to the The shut-off when off of inactivity. To the back the cover and then NOTE Turn both and or choose Click the as Started from the Custom and Advanced
Click when finished from ready, The and processed. Continuous Click to the seconds, You to the or The updated every to the to Lily.book March PM The batteries. You this to allows to and other shots. automatically, that This off as as finished, or the optional AC the NOTE You the and the to these as would using the buttons the information, Chapter The appear and washed-out. This the photograph. the to cant of the buttons or the the You these features only through NOTE Custom and Advanced
the manually. This automatically. when from of the 750Z the lighting effects and stop-action the Click You the following Lily.book March PM Follow these On the the arrow and the what chose the from the the the from the as You EPSON Photo!2 to With EPSON the Then the light flashes Click to the countdown and the The light the seconds and the released. the to You to follow through Then follow these EPSON as The and Custom and Advanced
the to these as using the buttons the information, Chapter and Started ready, The and processed. You the and Click the You the following: Lily.book March PM The off to You the from seconds to Click when finished from The appear and washed-out. This the photograph. Click to the preview. Custom and Advanced
to the as shown below: Click the Started and the You or EPSON to From the following Lily-6.fm Monday, PM With Shutoff) ID to the This might than and to its Turn both and the to as Started when the Follow these Custom and Advanced
to the Select Select another to the automatically. to the and of to to the and to Lily-6.fm Monday, PM chooses the that with This actually too or to to to choose the the of You OK Click to to the the You the ID and the Infromation. If to the OK Click to to the You the Custom and Advanced
EPSON the to the Select another to automatically. with This actually too the of You to chooses the that Select EPSON to choose the with EPSON Photo!2, the to the following With EPSON Lily.book March PM Click to with Click the to the and You the following: You the as the following and then the Custom and Advanced
This the with the LCD You the and turn the to using to the LCD off, and the LCD brightness With the LCD Screen this This the shut-off Shut-off to the which the off automatically when connected to (If EPSON OK to Click to to to the Copy from the or Lily.book March PM SEL Press the to the LCD Follow these to the the to or This might useful than and to to its ID recorded ID to the the or Press the Custom and Advanced
SEL to correct. Then to to the to the the item to increase the or the item (or ESC to to the previous). Press the SEL Press to choose the of the or to The selected item red. Follow the instructions below the to ESC finished the to to playback the Clock Lily.book March PM and the and correctly and Press the SEL to to the this the clock You to the and whenever the NOTE Follow these to the month, and the (hour and SEL With the selected, the button. each appear the with the clock highlighted directly rather than through the Started instructions. Press SEL to the clock Custom and Advanced
With the selected, the SEL each appear the as shown To the brightness of the follow these the LCD Brightness captured. To turn the or off, follow these The know when SEL With the selected, the each appear the Lily.book March PM the SEL ESC the or to and finished the brightness, to the the brightness highlighted Press the buttons to the or brightness. Press the SEL Press the to the Press the ESC Press the to and to the selection highlighted. the Press the SEL to On or The hear the Custom and Advanced
Press the SEL to the LCD displayed the LCD the turned to and follow these to English: You choose from information the This that the with the Follow with the LCD You the the factory to the Normal to the to off these the Lily.book March PM the or Press the each appear the as shown SEL With the selected, the the highlighted. Press the SEL ENG Press the (English) highlighted. ESC Press the to selection. Turn the to ESC Press the to and to or Playback Press the SEL to choose or Custom and Advanced
Lily.book March PM You from their to or EPSON whichever of these choose. or to the EPSON and to or CompactFlash The EPSON software allows to PCMCIA to the or and text and graphics. The EPSON to from to without overhead or converted, and uploaded. You and and without that the that NOTE This chapter the process, including the following: to the Converting Presentations
If to from to the the EPSON software. or information. NOTE the connected to and the and the Uploading Existing From PC turned to Then follow these Lily-7.fm AM containing the to Double-click the and to the You the the right. or and then 750Z to the EPSON the to this helpful information. The the the Presentations
from the The Selected each the choose the process. If to of the to the Click Select the of the to from the Select the to the Then the If to the the once, the Lily.book March PM OK the Click The selected displayed then the where to to the right of the the they uploaded, as shown the right. This the which the the to then the To rearrange the (and or arrow. they appear the Selected of If to selected and its the checkbox. If to selection, the Selected to the from the to selected or the Presentations
clicking the thumbnails the Select Click to the or selection The appears: Click Upload/Copy Select Click the choose and Select Photo!2 and displays the selected: Click to the EPSON Lily.book March PM Click the to the Copy to Compact to or Memory Card to to OK PCMCIA then The to the selected. the of to or EPSON to
the It seconds If to selected and its to with displayed. The to the selected. If clicked the to the to the specified. From Lily.book March PM of the connected to the and that the turned and the turned to Double-click the EPSON The EPSON as shown the right. Follow these to to from Macintosh: helpful information. Double-click the containing the to then each to and Select Click The Select appears.
Select Click the choose and Select of the Then EPSON Click to the and displays the selected: uploaded. This the which Selected appear the the they selecting to the Select The selected the Lily.book March PM each the Selected from the The the process. To rearrange the the to then or To from this the and clicking the thumbnails the Click Select to the or selection If to of the The selected to the right of the the Click then the the to where to the Click OK
If to or that that and to the or of with the This turn or of as to Converting Presentations Click The Upload/Copy appears. Lily.book March PM to this You the as JPG If to Choose from the and choose and then them the JPEG Format as the type. NOTE of then OK The Click to the to or CompactFlash Memory Card to to CompactFlash the PCMCIA to the selected. EPSON users from within the to the function. If clicked to the to the specified.
Specify the to the Click the ALT to CTRL SHIFT or then function from the The F5 the connected to and the turned and the turned to Then follow these You the EPSON the EPSON as as shown Lily.book March PM the and to the where to the To New the the button. Click the The appears, as shown the right. the and Presentations
the Stop the The finished, and selected appear the Then follow the To right the The If to to the instructions with Click to the the activated, the Stop to The active the To the Stop the Lily.book March PM EPSON to the EPSON the software, then to least TIP (or the the If to The the active and the to the or to without and other NOTE instructions The each to and You as as Press the selected.
You as as this To to the the EPSON the instructions with to active, then follow finished, the EPSON as the connected to the and the turned to Lily.book March PM Then follow these or other the You the that with 750Z. Projecting and the to the to (or the If to The the active as as NOTE A-1 and A-2 instructions the optional AC highly recommended when and information. NOTE and the the Command Press the and the without and other Presentations
of the to the as the cover and the shown below: and TV or turned off. Lily.book March PM Follow these Turn the TV or and switch to Turn the to projected. If the optional AC The that the the the LCD automatically, or them using the buttons. You of the other You the to playback to VIDEO IN the TV or as shown the right. the of the to the Presentations
CompactFlash Memory Cards Lily.book March PM the rather than its internal memory. memory the and displays EPSON recommends CompactFlash from the following the the its internal memory. NOTE directly from or II PCMCIA You optional IOMEGA to directly using optional PCMCIA Additional CompactFlash memory cards, and should where bought Its easy to and memory from 750Z increases the capacity of 750Z You to and 8MB CompactFlash from and to This covers the following: Formatting memory memory memory CompactFlash Memory Cards
the memory cover and the the the as shown the turned off. Then follow these Memory Card 8MB CompactFlash increases the as shown the below. from to Copying to and from memory memory information Lily.book March PM the memory cover. memory 12MB (internal 8MB memory HyPict of The of the memory appears the To of the the and when the memory the NOTE CompactFlash Memory Cards
the Then the SEL to the options, as shown below: or Press the them. to ATA CompactFlash already when them. With the memory the follow these Formatting Memory Card Lily.book March PM SEL Press the appears stating that the and to the Format Card or highlighted. Press the the to If the memory the following Press ESC to playback Press the SEL to the and to the SEL Press the to the LCD This to the memory only, and whether the internal memory. CompactFlash Memory Cards
the or using or the the while the the hand, then the memory cover. CAUTION If formatting or memory the following technical numbers: Lily.book March PM NOTE To this PCMCIA allows to with II PCMCIA CompactFlash directly from or From Card to sunlight, or that become or the turned off. Then follow these of the to the as shown below. the cover and the the Memory Card software to CompactFlash cards. information. If the PC memory cover CompactFlash Memory Cards
the II PCMCIA and the to If PCMCIA the following the instructions PCMCIA Lily.book March PM NOTE The the Once the and PCMCIA copying them to This the to the memory the the Follow these to or NT or the to and to the CompactFlash Memory Cards
the or Press the SEL Press the to the On Macintosh, the to and to or and follow the instructions the Started PC Card Click the to the NT the to to Lily.book March PM Info highlighted then the SEL You information the following: Press the If cant the information, Memory Information NOTE of or Press the SEL to the LCD information the of and memory the to internal memory and You the to and follow these CompactFlash Memory Cards
Then the SEL to the the options: or Press the ESC to to playback ESC Press to to the Copying To and From Memory Card Lily.book March PM Copy highlighted then the SEL to the Copy The following displayed: or Press the memory the the internal memory and the to You might to memory the playback to instructions. Then follow these Press the SEL to the LCD to from the to the or from the to the or Press the CompactFlash Memory Cards
the photo to appears the to or back through the the or SEL Press the then the SEL Press the appears around to them the If to the and the SEL each or the Lily.book March PM SEL To the selection of photo, the If than the or appears. NOTE selected the to ESC the button. appears to selections. ESC Press to playback Press the SEL to the CompactFlash Memory Cards
Directly From the Lily.book March PM where bought A-1 information from the The should the optional AC highly when This chapter includes the following information: from EPSON Accessories. Direct NOTE without using You choose from of 750Z options and four directly to of EPSON You directly from the to of the following EPSON Connecting the to the Cleaning the heads Direct Direct EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR EPSON EPSON EX Directly From the
and to and the and the connected to AC Then and the and follow turned these including coated or cards, the highest The Direct to with and If information about and from Lily-9.fm Monday, AM NOTE NT the 750Z to then 750Z EPSON and or NT to the group, and then the If AC that first, then To Direct Print, first the EPSON, or www.epsonsupplies.com. with the the 750Z Uploading Direct On Macintosh, first inactive. Then the 750Z EPSON EPSON and the instructions, A-2 the and the to PC or (If connecting the to Directly From the
Direct V2.3 EPSON EPSON EX, EPSON EPSON COLOR EPSON EPSON EX, and EPSON You the EPSON Lily.book March PM Direct V2.2 or Direct V2.3 to the Click the The the Applications the right. the both of Direct Print. Click to the Applications The Direct appear the the to the and Direct Print. Turn off and from the Direct V2.2 EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR Highlight the of Direct Directly From the
of the interface to the the back of the that with (or Apple Dont the the PC Connecting the to the Lily.book March PM the cover the of the both the and turned off. Follow these to to the Directly From the
to highlight Direct and SEL the You the Press the the or Press the Software SEL Press the the arrow the with the the then the Lily.book March PM Starting Direct ESC You the to to the while Direct Print. NOTE Follow these to Direct Print: Turn the to Press the SEL Turn the Directly From the
These the the appears the You selected image(s) or the of The following sections with the options: or Lily.book March PM These the the appears the A6 A6 The option the that the The that These allow to of inches. or Directly From the
to highlight and Press the SEL You the SEL to highlight and the On the (shown the the following the instructions then follow these to or Lily.book March PM To to highlight Select and the To the the highlight and SEL Then to You the SEL You of the the to once), with the currently selected highlighted light to the light to highlight the around the the SEL or Press the SEL Highlight or and the Directly From the
option and the SEL You the first to highlight the or Press the If back to selections and to If the option back to NOTE this as as to selected. To highlight and the the highlight to other around SEL The Lily.book March PM selecting the ESC You the following: A4 inches), or or or A4 Press the to highlight the A6 Press the SEL to what selected). If to back and the ESC Directly From the
You the SEL Press the to to the selected to the with selected): Lily.book March PM the of and the SEL to to increase or to to the Press the to highlight the option and On SEL Highlight or and the to the with the and the photo SEL the button. The to the Press the to highlight the type and the SEL to to the or Press the The option when with selected as option. NOTE If to than of each to highlight the option and the SEL or the Directly From the
to highlight the option and the SEL You the Press the to highlight the option and the SEL You the Press the Lily.book March PM lower-resolution highlight higher-resolution, highlight SEL Then the to to the to and white, to tones old-fashioned Highlight the tones, or to SEL and the Choose to the Directly From the
finished the Turn the to and off the ESC to the Direct Card ready to first the or the instructions.) Then follow these Producing Printout Lily.book March PM snapshots, cards, and other You This allows to 4.25-inch inches). EPSON Quality this with These the appear: Press the SEL to or ESC and the shows flashing while the to the Then the to to the The LCD the Highlight the top of the and the SEL You selected. A6 A6 A6 Top A6 about seconds. You the LCD that the canceled, and then the ESC If to the reappears. The and the NOTE Directly From the
the The other options that inches. Press the SEL to to the inches) that or the The the the where the printed. Highlight Top This section of to cards. the previous section instructions of the the then follow these to From the and then Lily.book March PM If to the the photo to the and On If to of to the and the of to A6 The to to the and the type. or which to to the and to Card ready to follow the Printout to the and the to To the to the and or to highlight and SEL the button. You the Press the Directly From the
You A4 or A6 the to the and the type to highlight and SEL the Press the This allows to to three A4 or and to or These the appear: Lily.book March PM You the This section of to the instructions of the the then follow these to A6 Right The the the Right where the printed. Highlight to the right and they bound SEL Press the to to the or or which to to the and to From the and then Directly From the
This shows the appear: If to the each to the and On to the and the to To the to the and or Lily.book March PM the instructions of the This section of to the following the instructions that with the Then follow these You EPSON S041144) from EPSON NOTE using EPSON You to to properly. and the the Direct This allows to If the below.) ready to follow the Producing Printout From the and then Directly From the
to the and SEL The Top appears: or Press the to the and the to This that from Dont the option Lily.book March PM EPSON NOTE to the and or SEL Press the To the to the and or If of and they correctly, the of to highlight the the Press the to the and the to Producing Printout ready to follow the option and the SEL The Right appears: Directly From the
to the and the and type. the A4 or A6 or which to to the and to The allows to of or of the These the appear: Lily.book March PM SEL option and the The If to the and to highlight the each photo, the appears: instructions of the This section of to the then follow these to sheets: the A6 Highlight On and the SEL From the and then Index. Directly From the
Head From the the cleaning highlighted. Follow these to the and the to To the to the and or ready to follow the Producing Printout Lily.book March PM LCD and the shows SEL Press the to the cleaning The flashing while the cleaning from the This If that too light, or from the the heads. Cleaning the Heads finished, the LCD displays the and the light flashes. Cleaning about which the Press the ESC to the Direct Directly From the
ESC Press the to to playback Direct V2.2 Direct V2.3 Highlight or and SEL The Reading the 750Z to You If Direct and software. Removing Direct Lily.book March PM or or The the AC to the Battery AC If the LCD or while the following to the Explanation the and the to the or Press the Follow these to the Software Press the SEL button. the memory. Press SEL to This appears when there to the memory and then the The connected to to the ESC the to of the SEL to (If seconds.) to highlight and Press the Highlight and then SEL SEL Press the SEL Directly From the
another interface. the the from the Direct The through automatically. E51: Another interface active the of the as and from the instructions.) E55: Explanation This appears when the The and ESC than seconds while the The reappears. Canceled and off and then then troubleshooting from the of Clear the to the information.) Lily.book March PM Explanation or the ESC the to the and then seconds to E56: or the and then the the Turn off the while the Direct The This appears when the Press the SEL to back to the and to Directly From the
and Troubleshooting Lily.book March PM the charger terminals them with cloth. Dont or cleaners. Dont or cleaners. Cleaning the and Battery Charger clean, cloth to the of cloth cleaning the the charger cleaning. 750Z easy to of, and easy to This chapter includes the following Caring the and charger Then breathe the and off with To the first off or lint-free cloth or cleaning To scratching the too instructions the Introduction. Then follow these 750Z procedures, to the Caring the and Battery Charger and Troubleshooting
this of and Where to or of or If the LCD or cloth to lightly the the and the carrying or when the to the off. If necessary, clean the with cloth. Lily.book March PM the On the turned the to or On and then or the The off automatically. Turn the to the back The the and them the of location. This from or the the following locations: If the AC the and they correctly. or the Where it exposed to sunlight, Near bright of light or high Near heat or closed or and Troubleshooting
the to to the You cant the when the manually with the connected to the flash. correctly. or the necessary. the and they or the to and then The the counter the Chapter CompactFlash to them Chapter or Chapter The recharging. the light and You cant with the Lily.book March PM If the with the cover attached, the correctly. Turn off the the cover attached, then turn the and Nothing appears the LCD The If using CompactFlash to or to the LCD or the to and then The off automatically. Press the back to or correctly. or the necessary. and they the cover The connected to connected, cant of the the Chapter instructions from the to the off The and Troubleshooting
the TV to the You to TV to this option. correctly. or the necessary. and they appears the LCD when The such as when the the to the appears when the to steady. The Lily.book March PM operating correctly. The of when the The the You when to turning the flash, or the to Med. or High. the brightness of the using the instructions. The the too the connected correctly as Started turned and the enough to the Nothing appears the when the connected correctly, as and the and TV turned to to and Troubleshooting
You Failed when using 750Z software with the the connected correctly as Started turned to and the connected to EPSON software. You to the Check the or and to and that the I/O and the (IRQ) assigned to the to the COM the If and COM the properly with other Lily.book March PM EPSON software. You to the the or and to previously and then or other COM or the COM COM If to the with the instructions.) If to the with previously, another or the software. the You to to the FIFO (advanced Chapter information. while the and or with other software communicating. If and the with another off. both and EPSON the and Troubleshooting
using memory. If than 16MB RAM, the or information. The to too slowly. to memory to or another of too the You If than 16MB RAM, to and You to and If NT this of or and Lily.book March PM the You to to or information. If to through the PhotoEnhance the the TWAIN interface or EPSON and without PhotoEnhance. this of You to and or You when the the using write- protected. to increasing memory using the Memory increase the memory Info and choose from the or other (Select the turning off information. and Troubleshooting
technical or follow these to and If IBM Thinkpad, IBM from IBM: PCMCIA cant CompactFlash with PCMCIA software to Photoshop or of Photoshop NT If using NT to If NT TWAIN TWAIN_32) as You TWAIN when to with Photoshop. Lily.book March PM PCMCIA IBM PCMCIA IBM to A: (If PC Card the Then to PC Card PCIC or and PCIC or and the PCIC or PCMCIA and the to Download the from ftp://ftp.pc.ibm.com/pub/ 1.44MB If using or TWAIN_32, TWAIN. You to or CompactFlash 750Z. If with the CompactFlash Other with with 4-SIMPLE and Troubleshooting
If with of the from the 750Z, to of the the below. the or with that assigned to OK Select to the ESDI/IDE HDD appears the The should the CompactFlash with PCMCIA the Lily.book March PM or this depth. You to to the 750Z quality. when them the the of If operating correctly. You to shows that the to the hourglass to to appears to If the than when EPSON them to If and to they appear them instead. You cant this to to the You to the EPSON to and PCMCIA the cant from to the and Troubleshooting
within the You without the flash, and inches to to with the flash. You as as should least inches to inches or of of or this Click to If using STB Velocity and Graphics Performance the Select and OK Microsoft or this phenomenon. the then On the information. they Lily.book March PM distorted. the the light to flash), and isnt If the when the warning appears the the steady right of the LCD. lighting (with the flash The right. to increasing the the while the connected If to photograph subject, information, Chapter to flash off. the slightly distorted. You lighting software to the as and Troubleshooting
If and to light as the background as as the too light (overexposed). You to the flash. the off. background appear too (underexposed). Lily.book March PM If facing bright light to shoot from to the brightness as If the forced too bright. the to the If the flash, within the of to the and as using the or the with wrist clothing, or other of If the to photo, to lighting the (F8) selected this and Troubleshooting
The the from what slightly than the straight through the that the through the the photo. the that amounts of light caused photographing The and/or or appears Lily.book March PM If or the LCD the Started and to the clock. You the LCD or the clock from information. as as they to. or cleaning following the instructions and Troubleshooting
Optional Lily.book March PM The AC should where bought (U.S.) or 750Z. You from EPSON information using memory cards, Chapter This chapter includes the following information: About the IOMEGA the with the AC the 750Z with of options. or other photographs, To the AC to You of or To increase and to and them to flexibility, CompactFlash memory and PCMCIA You IOMEGA Product Accessory B867038 750Z AC B818061 Battery B818051 (charger and EPSON CompactFlash memory from the following Optional A-1
the the DC the PSO operating the from or Direct Print. The the 750Z to V) The AC (B867038) allows to This and the the Optional AC Lily.book March PM You 750Z with Follow these the AC Optional the the 750Z. the the and the other fire, shock, or injury. other than 750Z. WARNING instructions. the and the following the well-balanced To or the or the AC Then follow these finished processing. Turn the off the cover the of the A-2 Optional
the the screw the of the the Screw the the to as About the IOMEGA Lily.book March PM when the and CompactFlash directly from This and the IOMEGA where purchased You IOMEGA to to from to You should to information, the IOMEGA You IOMEGA information. Optional A-3
Specifications Lily.book March PM and Includes AA rechargeable or lithium or rechargeable AA (single-use Sources recharging (without the the LCD or flash) Battery Optional AC (B867038) without and Height Physical Conforms to FCC specifications. Declaration of Conformity Specifications Specifications B-1
to with high-speed or higher), when connected to EPSON 4MB memory memory NTSC CCD coupled Product type (HyPict and and (HyPict) Lily.book March PM Technical from optional 4MB to 64MB 8MB CompactFlash and memory Non-operating: to 140F to to 95F to 35C) 60C) Interpolated JPEG (JFIF) to (non-condensing) Non-operating: to condensing) inch CCD CCD to to (to (to interface B-2 Specifications
to and forced to off with mechanical to to to Photographic inches to inches to inches to infinity Lily.book March PM crosshair and with to infinity inches to from inches inches to to EV, half- 2-inch active TFT LCD light or sunlight LCD to ISO through the LCD Forced flash, off, white TTL white white White Specifications B-3
inches Height inches Battery Charger Physical to to to to (ISO to to to to Med. (ISO Normal Lily.book March PM DC inches 120V AC, Technical to to to to High (ISO 8MB Card Memory* Capacity Charging to 95F to 35C) Charging Approximately 8W HyPict/Monochrome *Without Direct software installed. B-4 Specifications
including inches Height inches Optional AC Lily.book March PM Physical to AC, to inches DC 7V/2.0A Technical Specifications B-5
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, THEORY. and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. If installation, caused such as fire, or service, incurred. that the EPSON 750Z with this to the specifications and free from workmanship and of from the of purchase. EPSON further Charger and four with this warranty warranty purchased and the United States or conforms What Covered: America, Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the first from workmanship and of warrants to the first that the Battery EPSON AMERICA, INC. LIMITED WARRANTY from the of purchase. Lily.book March PM warranty instructions and authorization, required. EPSON service If required, EPSON its option, or or with of the of purchase and What EPSON To Correct Should EPSON warranty service responsibility. from the EPSON of quality. or products or the EPSON facility responsibility. warranty service property. The exchanged or or previously repaired to the telephone service to whether the the without charge or If the or responsibility to its to EPSON. and incurred EPSON the warranty please EPSON the of the or of the item becomes EPSON warranty of the covered this warranty. the and apply to allow warranty and allow the or of or This warranty rights, and other rights which from to America, Inc. P. O. CA MS: CS1 or write to: include both and To the EPSON Authorized EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the What This Warranty Not This warranty covers only EPSON. This warranty cover third or the United States and This warranty to the peripheral to the EPSON its from EPSON. rating or or should the to properly EPSON caused or manufactured, distributed or or to function properly as of
Lily.book C March PM C