Information. and Operations Installing/Replacing the Troubleshooting Specifications. M00076200EN
English Information This information to and effective of this Read this and location. information of with this and Technical Reference You Technical Reference from the included CD to The this their of as below. the following the WARNING: to serious CAUTION: to to yourself, to or of Notes information and the of Precautions WARNING: If this or immediately the AC and then or service to fire or shock. this with other than the Doing to fire or shock. to the specified AC RA M266A). to to fire, or shock. the other than those specified the or fire. this where of thinner, or other the Doing or fire. containing or around this Doing fire. If or other this immediately the AC and then or service to fire or shock. allow to this to fire or shock. to this yourself.
English or this with this injury, fire, or CAUTION: this locations to high or and and other such as fire, or shock. to this firm, The or or heavy top of this or causing and The head and immediately If to such as cleaning, cools Touching that burns. telephone to the of this The telephone or become To this The the the following CAUTION: the thermal head Also, of the near the thermal head. CAUTION: to the USB (including follow the below. Confirm the rated of the the the or the when those rated than A. whose rated North American users). Thermal head
English and Functions cover this when the manually. cover this cover to install/replace the switch this switch to or off the Press this to the cover. FEED This PAPER OUT LED: This LED when the or This LED flashes when the ERROR LED: This LED ERROR LED or ERROR LED flashing LED: This LED when the switch
English Interface the and located the back of the V) USB V) Ethernet SD USB
English the the shown the the with of the with of than the following detected. The cover Also, the that it around when the and fixing the (DF-10) as option. of
English Connecting the AC Follow the below to the AC WARNING: to the specified AC [AC RA M266A)]. to to fire, or shock. the DC of the AC the the and the the of the AC the the AC the AC the the the grounded the AC that its facing (24V) (5V)
English Connecting Devices If each to the the back of the Interface CAUTION: to the USB (including follow the below. Confirm the rated of the the the or the when those rated than A. whose rated (only North American users). the the protective cover fits Ethernet without protection cushioned connected through that protection. the Connecting the optional Wireless LAN (OT-WL01) to the USB the wireless LAN While wireless LAN, the Ethernet to the the connecting the whose themselves (USB and DC the through the to them from off. attaching the optional cover (OT-CC70), the of the pinched the cover.
English the Switch Attaching the switch cover of the switch and You the switch and off sharp-pointed the the switch cover. To the cover, sharp-pointed WARNING: If with the switch cover attached, the AC immediately. to fire or shock.
English Operations Turning On/Off Press the switch to on/off the It seconds the turned ready the Press the cover to the cover.
English Installing/Replacing the Follow the below to install/replace the CAUTION: to the specified Specifications the cover. the the there the the that the the and the cover.
Tear off the with the
English Cleaning Cleaning the to off the and the off the with cloth or cloth. CAUTION: the with thinner, or other such Doing or the of and Cleaning the Thermal Head To quality, cleaning the thermal head every months) following the below. CAUTION: The thermal head to and to cool the thermal head touching with or Turn off the Turning the cover. the Clean the thermal of the thermal head with with or IPA). Thermal head
English Troubleshooting LED light whether the AC correctly connected. Connecting the AC ERROR LED whether the cover correctly closed. If the PAPER OUT LED whether the correctly and Installing/Replacing the ERROR LED flashing whether If the thermal head and when other the off, and seconds, back CAUTION: the thermal head the forcibly. the cover the and then the Thermal head
English Specifications Item Specification Thermal of of Thermal type NTP080-80 Interface Ethernet 10BASE-T/100BASE-TX USB USB V, SD supply Dedicated AC (AC RA M266A]) DC V, A/DC V, Dedicated AC AC RA M266A) AC to AC V, to DC V, A/DC V, AC V/50 V/60 V/50 V/60 to 45C to 113F} to 50C to 122F} to %RH to %RH H: and AC of the (USB and when the PHP function information to PHP TM-i PHP to SD with the wear function. Based operating USB V,
English Downloading Software and The of SDK, and from of the following URLs. North America, to the following other to the following Source Software This software to software. information of the software this the following URL. the URL, input IP Restriction of this high reliability/safety, such as related to or should this to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety, such as or related to please this
English of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information contained While the of this Corporation responsibility or Neither from the of the information Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. EPSON of Corporation and other Other and only and or of their respective and rights those NOTICE: The of this to without Corporation. rights