EX21 using the the instructions the CD. the Choose from the following USB the of USB included) to the USB the of the to USB or only). You Follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software. (You to the software the first the software the the VGA that with the to the and the other to If using switch to You to and the to switch them. RCA to VGA (optional) (optional) (optional) (optional) Turn Turn or the The light the the A/V the Press the the or light The the light flashes and the the light the ready to NOTE: To the the then You to the to cool the If the Source Search the or the to the NOTE: If or other the troubleshooting the right. To the the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot Turn the to the To reduce or the the or (reduce) the If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. or If or the the to the the as shown AA Turn and off (USB only) You the to the With the USB the as wireless information the on-screen Troubleshooting If or the light the and flashing, and the A/V Press the Source Search the or the to the as the If using the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while If the and the using the CRT/LCD or as On this the LCD screen and the or both the If that to both the LCD and the From the the right-click the and then Click then Advanced Advanced The the to then the as and/or OS From the Apple Preferences then or Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click or then selected. Where to Choose which to information about using the the from CD. Telephone Services To the Turn off and sound the PIN the included with This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and customer-only offers. You the CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg. and of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-27571 service, and
Turn Turn or the The light the the A/V the Press the the or The the light flashes and the the light the ready to To the the NOTE: then You to the to cool the the Source Search If the or the to the If or other NOTE: the troubleshooting the right. To the the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot to VGA (optional) (optional) Turn the to the or To reduce or the the (reduce) the If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. or If or the buttons the to EX21 using the the instructions the CD. the Choose from the following USB the of USB included) to the USB the of the to or only). You USB Follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software. (You to the software the first the software displayed the using the VGA that with the to the and the other to If using switch to You to and the to switch them. RCA (optional) (optional) the the as shown AA batteries). Choose which to Turn and off Turn off and sound (USB only) light You the to the With the USB the as wireless information the on-screen Troubleshooting If or the light the and flashing, and the A/V Press the Source Search the or the to the as the If using the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while If the and the using the CRT/LCD or as On this the LCD and the or both the If that to both the LCD and the From the the right-click the and then Click then Advanced Advanced The the to then the as and/or OS From the Apple Preferences then or Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click or then selected. Where to information about the the from CD. Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included with This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and customer-only offers. You the CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg. and of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-27571
EX21 instructions CD USB USB inclus) USB type USB brancher USB affichera VGA fourni brancher RCA VGA A/V A/V) bouton REMARQUE hors bouton bouton Source Search REMARQUE daffichage, bouton bouton tourner bouton tout boutons AA). hors USB USB, dinformation saffiche... A/V touche Source Search touche fonction dafficher touche CRT/LCD touche touche CRT/LCD touche touche ACL ACL Affichage Sous Sous marche onglet daffichage. OS Apple bote VGA dinformation CD Service NIP fournie service offert toute promotions offres CD inclus www.epson.com/webreg. Corporation. America, Inc. tous Linformation America, Inc. XXXXXX
A/V) A/V bouton hors REMARQUE bouton Source Search bouton REMARQUE daffichage, VGA bouton bouton tourner bouton EX21 instructions CD USB USB inclus) USB type plate USB USB affichera VGA fourni bloc-notes, RCA tout boutons AA). hors USB USB, dinformation saffiche... A/V touche Source Search touche dafficher touche CRT/LCD touche touche CRT/LCD touche touche ACL ACL Affichage Sous Sous marche onglet daffichage. OS Apple VGA dinformation CD Service NIP fournie service offert toute promotions offres CD inclus www.epson.com/webreg. Corporation. America, Inc. tous Linformation Inc. XXXXXX