This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to and reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following Cl or the Increase the the and Cl the from that to which the connected ;I the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS WARNING FOR CANADIAN USERS
Inc., or warranties, or implied, or with to this and warranties of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information from the of the information contained this and to without The and tone C copyright and the EISA of Corporation. Other and of their respective Copyright America, Inc. Y739991001 IMPORTANT NOTICE COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning; or cleaners. of the the or and the and the back or or these the or or heat the the type of indicated its If of the type of or If to the Germany, the following To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected Computers to properly grounded (earthed) outlets. If to the to using outlets the as or that switch and off. IIZ
allow the to become or If with the the of the of the the the rating the cord. Also, the of products the You the both of the whenever upright to from of this through the as specifically this to service the yourself. servicing to service the from the and servicing to service the following A. the or B. If the C. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions. of other and often technician to the to operation. D. If the or the E. If the performance.
Instructions instructions conserver toute chariot, type protection On fiche services tous instructions brancher tout marche-arret.
branches branches tomber. reparation On service service service A. B. C. refuse instructions. instructions Tout service. D. E. performance. tout
Optional to the board, the memory to 64MB. On the board, or another the board You of other such as or SCSI with authorized to which options Software with three (Reference and containing the following software: EISA ISA ISA boards LI low-level formatting tl HDDPARK to the read/write heads LI ESPEED to the tl CHGCTR to and information. Introduction
to This This to and as as to options and tests. It cover operating operating instructions and Although should to follow the and to and to everything this the following chapter to the sections Chapter instructions to the to instructions operating such as locking the cover, and the operating Chapter to and the cover and front to the internal Chapter to and to and the tests. instructions hardware-level C troubleshooting the technical the At the of the and Introduction
Where to If purchased of the United States, please or the location and service. International locations the of this back cover. If purchased the United States, America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the Customer Technical with the and of products Assistance locating Authorized or Service of ribbons, and Customer Relations technical information service Product with technical specifications and products. Introduction
This chapter the to the first It the and of the to follow to using It to the country the and information. to the to the of this the of These instructions information about properly and operating correctly. It to choose location that the following: CI attract electricity, which the circuitry, and the the carpeted. inches of around the freely. Cl cool, and from humidity, and sunlight or other of heat. Z-1
CI interference. too to such as telephone, that field. Cl to the Source information. the You the both of the whenever upright to from the If You should to or as shown below. This top of other such as the and to the from the This the factory to the read/ write heads the
below the follow to peripheral and instructions these the sections specified the overview. optional to to such as math memory or EISA option cards. ISA option ISA to Optional below. the and to Connecting Peripheral Devices below. Then Turning On Computer, below, the the Country (CHGCTR) to the and information the Country Utility, below, instructions. The Process Chapter to with the of the the as Chapter to Turn off the the cords, and from the switches or ISA cards, necessary, and them the Chapter instructions option cards.
of operating and other Optional The first should math memory or EISA option to ISA option ISA option to You the of ISA the This information about the and switch the ISA option Follow the instructions and to optional to option option cards. You to the to the internal Chapter instructions. finished optional to this chapter the to the
Connecting Peripheral Devices You to the the first If ISA the to those to the If other to them to the ISA cards. You and to the You to and this back cover foldout to the the of the The following the built-in interfaces the back of the Although the and physically them interchangeably. to the and the the
connecting the buttons or switches the and the peripheral turned off. Then the the following peripheral to the the cords to the and other necessary. the their outlets. to the section Turning On the ready to the first, the following to or yourself: or or when the LI the with the CI turn the when its cover off. off or while light This CI least seconds off the This allows the to clear and its memory.
tl or of its the of Cl off the the cord, and seconds the cover. the cover to internal the Country as below. the Country or other operations, to AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS country the Reference You this the Country This that the and information the country select. The the first from the Reference Country the following Cl United States United LI tl
The country United States. the instructions the section to the country to the country follow the instructions the Country the Country the First To the Country the first from the Reference follow these the Reference A. Turn or the RESET the Country The displays the following and country United States. country (Y/N) If to the country United States, You that the Then the the to If to another country You the following: o UK (United Press F3 FR Press F4 GR Press F5 IT Press F6 SP (Spanish) Press other to the o o
Press the function country. The the and displays the change. the following to the and the the title If to that the information Chapter If to the from and off The AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS Reference countrys and information. Whenever from the Reference the the country. Also, when the the of the and clock to the country. OW should the to the AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS and the Press to
the Country If to the country and information, the CHGCTR Follow these the Reference and A. At the A> type CHGCTR and If to the country You the information the Country this country (Y/N) You that the Then the the to If to another country You the following: Press F1 US (United States) Press F2 UK (United Press F3 FR Press F4 GR Press F5 IT Press F6 SP (Spanish) Press other to the o o Press the function the country The the and displays the
the following to the and the the title If to that instructions. If to the Reference from and off The AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS Reference the country selected. Also, when the the of the and clock to the the country selected. should the to the AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS and the Press to
Chapter The with the Reference allows to the to the following: Learn about the the and Copy the (CFG) option the and option or Information (SCI) II Access other such as and You the to other You to or such as memory, or option the the CMOS and SYSTEM.SCI. this information each and assigns based the options selected. If to or another SC1 information.
The first the from the Reference and to from there. to This Chapter This chapter the following four The Process first to with aspects of the process. Then the operations the they If to or the or respectively. The the aspects of the It to the or with the and to instructions the and the which should the operations. to and should to to operating such as
The This section the following operations: LI the the or with the (or CFG) information to the about and its efficiently. They instructions switches and ISA cards. You to Reference each using the EISA with the CFG to allow the to the automatically. EISA information. ISA option with the necessary CFG this If ISA the Reference You write to the of option and CFG the ISA and than If ISA the should the of and then follow the instructions that with the to of its switches or
the If when the to the below of the to the and items. If with the below. of the which to operations. Follow the instructions each Whenever the <OK> highlighted, to <OK>. To the the or highlight commands @J or the to the field the to the of information The first the operating and then Then the to the field and Highlights items within or the Selects the highlighted option the action or the or the to the first of information B.
To options, the the option and the once to highlight and to the the the the arrow indicating the and the Release to that this chapter instructions when to the You should the when the operations. The information. You the following Cl Highlight option to of its function. tl Select EPSON EISA information information about each the process. Cl Press the whenever The following appears: Press I. Ir] or EPSON EISA Selected item or boards EPSON EISA to the information then
Follow the instructions this section and to the You the following the and or boards; when option the the or the of this selection to options and switch LI the as the Starting the Follow these to the from the Reference the Reference and or the the title screen the Press to You the Welcome If EISA option to the Press to
Press of the process, highlight Learn about finished reading the three to to the the and of clock, as below. You the Learn about Access to other from this If EISA option the to containing CFG the EISA the Reference the and Follow the instructions the to the and then to to to the (You
the and The clock continuously the and when the turned off. The first the the and You them to clock seasonal such as daylight The the years. Follow these to the and At the You such as the following: The highlighted. Correct as necessary. You the arrow to the and the Then At the You to the the and I. You the as below. The the and from the shown the country chose when the Country information.)
Performing the Follow these to At the computer. You this Select and the information about If to of the the Select and follow the instructions the to or option and CFG to Reference the section information. Select and follow the instructions the to or the of option and board. the below information. Select to the switch or to ISA Follow the instructions the finished to the CMOS and the You the without the necessary. Follow the instructions the EPSON EISA information or boards or switches and
or Removing Select or boards when to or option The displays of the with of boards or that The EISA cards, the ISA information. Follow the instructions the to or option option the that with the Follow the instructions the to the CFG to Reference the Select or from the to options. Follow the instructions the to the of these options or to their assignments. You advanced operations the Advanced the Advanced the chapter, information. You the options they and the options or the board If EISA option to options the card(s) appear the beneath the options. EISA option information about card(s).
The below the each of the board options Option Memory (384KB) memory memory memory memory BIOS 640KB (memory (memory (memory the of the memory the 640KB and MB (The amount of memory RAM.) to to this memory to the top of the memory to to its 640KB Automatically to the amount of internal memory Automatically to the amount of memory Automatically to the amount of memory Non-cache areas below to three, 16KB RAM the BIOS to EC00h to of the BIOS information
board options Option BIOS BIOS tVw BIOS cache CGA CGA EGA VGA MCGA Other type) type) High FDD 386SX 386SX 386DX 386DX 486DX Write-thru to of BIOS RAM: with BIOS (VGA or EGA), RAM; without BIOS (CGA, RAM Automatically to the type of Automatically to the Automatically to the type to the type to the and applications; the type of board to to allow of BIOS information from Automatically to the type
board options Option Not to the or the off to to the built-in to to with option On Normal High Disabled COM COM2 to the built-in BIOS COM2 first to COM2 or conflicting option card(s) to built-in LPT1 BIOS LPT2 conflicting LPT3 option card(s) to the Turn to security when the operates as to this to when turned or to of when to the first built-in BIOS conflicting option card(s)
options Option Not and C and Non-cache caches of memory the memory the below. You to three 16KB, memory selecting the option and the or option such as SCSI should the these boards as to memory conflicts. Function A0000 through AFFFF EGA or VGA memory BOO00 through BFFFF MDA or CGA memory COO00 through C7FFF VGA BIOS (RAM C8000 through DFFFF ROM E0000 through EFFFF ROM F0000 through FFFFF BIOS ROM 360KB inch) 1.2MB inch) 720KB inch) 1.44MB inch) Enabled Not to to type of assigned as and B; BIOS the built-in conflicting option to the the built-in IDE BIOS the built-in conflicting option to the type of as C and or types below)
The following the of this and the that with to the type the Then that type the If type the and ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 Heads Sectors MB ST-506 ST-506 I17 I- MK-133FA MK-134FA
ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ESDI ESDI ESDI ESDI ST-506 I7 NEC ESDI I7 ESDI I17 -A- I17 I- ST251 ST4096 CDC94166-182 1354A D5147H MK56FB MK-154F
AT AT CDC sectors track) Maxtor XT1085, NDR1085 IDE 40MB (type 200MB (type The BIOS the Heads, and to these The the following: Advanced To advanced operations, the or You the Advanced boards information SCI TlO 8425F, ST1 1323A, HH I- 1OOMB (type MB CP-344 CP-3 8051A 40AT CP-3204F Newbury ST4053 Heads and BOAT
The below the operations from the Advanced and its Advanced options Advanced option boards information SCI option specifications Used as the of each board. from of the boards information about the and physical characteristics of board(s). information about the option information about the currently such as IRQ interface and memory and which the information about such as IRQ interface and memory the to conflicts and them, they the conflicts the option that appears the or (The option appears selected Loads previously created SCI and displays the information the SCI information to the SYSTEM.SCI.
CMOS, the or the SYSTEMSCI. You SCI with own or another EISA You to that includes of option cards. Then, whenever to that the SCI and CMOS. If IBM AT or another EISA the Then the SCI to the and that CMOS. To SCI follow the the section. To SCI when to Loading SCI below. Creating SCI You SCI the following Select SCI from the tl Select the as option from the SCI when the the and the to SCI when
The to the SCI the SYSTEM.SCI; this the of the third only when the This protects from the that CMOS. instructions Loading SCI To SCI and the CMOS, follow these You SCI selecting from the SCI when using the advanced options. This allows to the while the or another the option the currently the the to the information the SCI the and o o o the Select SCI Select the SCI to from the of SCI displayed the and the SCI the CMOS.
You the including the with of the commands this section. You these commands to the from that MS-DOS the to the first. The SD the and allows to that or of the other the Access to other The CF the other You the including or the SD or CF as the the SD Command If to the from first follow the instructions Copying the to below. Then follow these to the SD command: To the from the Reference and A. To the from the and directory where the the following and SD to the
The below the to the the To the the /N to the affects the the operates; of the other the SD command. SD /B BIOS /H IK /M the CF Command If to the from first follow the instructions Copying the to below. High Function the to BIOS using displays. the writes directly to the memory EGA and VGA the displays the used, as as loaded. the to displayed and white only. Allows to the
Then follow these to the CF command: To the from the Reference and A. To the from the and directory where the Then type the following and to the The below the to the the CF /B ID IF /H IK /M CF BIOS High Function the to displayed BIOS displays. the writes directly to memory. the to the the to the boards and options and automatically. EGA and VGA the screen displays the used, as as loaded. the to displayed and white only. the the to without the
Copying the to To the from the MS-DOS operating from that To the from the Reference to the the A, type the following command, and where and the and directory to which to the COPY A: [path] I:
Chapter This chapter the following operations: LJ the the cover the the heads. the Whenever the upright the the of the to from To the the slightly to then and release the foot, as shown the following Then the the foot the other To the each clicks
the Computers You the cover the to users from its internal (You the cover when the upright or its To the cover, the with the notch the and the as shown below. Then the and turn counterclockwise. To the cover, the notches and the then and clockwise. notches
If when the every the Follow these to the the following The the characters type. Then the OK. Then the operating If turned and booted from to Network below. If the the incorrect and another to the You to the If the the third the displays the following halted! The the and Press RESET and to the
or Follow these to or Turn the You the To the type the the the to and to to ABC, type: Press Network If as to unauthorized users from commands the To this security, the Computer /ABC To the type the (The what type.) You the or and then the operating
If the the the operating or the software. Once commands the and the operating and software the This allows other the network to the unauthorized from commands and the from the the (as would off). The to unauthorized from knowing that required. If the from the Chapter instructions using to and Then follow these to Turn If from the the and I. The what type. should to Press such as to the command. If incorrect the respond. the and try the You as as
If from the as You or when from the First bootable and the Then or the as the section. If the the off the high and speed, as as other high the TURBO light You the (or the Chapter If necessary, temporarily the commands or the ESPEED High the highest board and switches from high to whenever the You other the Chapter information. and speed. the to this the
If often copy-protected to to to when the and to high when finished. There three to the the LI (temporary the ESPEED (temporary If that the to or occasionally, should the commands or the ESPEED below, to the Commands To the of the commands the below. commands Function You the located the The RESET or turn off the or the to high the to the to when the or
You the commands while However, that of these commands another function, to the speed. the the to the [F][? o o o to Another to the ESPEED below. the ESPEED ESPEED allows to the to high or or the to automatically. This the commands or to include the batch The ESPEED with the Reference If Reference and the to the If from which MS-DOS, the ESPEED.EXE from Reference and the from there. To the ESPEED type the following the and [F] (F] ESPEED
You of these ESPEED IL /A If include the when type the ESPEED command, the displays the and options. The RESET or off the or to the Heads If to to location, to the heads to the the You this the HDDPARK HDDPARK the read/write heads to the that and them securely the including their heads when off the If this, or that to the HDDPARK when
Follow these to HDDPARK: the Reference and that HDDPARK and The the heads and the and off the You HDDPARK selecting Access o other from the Then You the HDDPARK.COM and HDDPARK.VER to and the from there.
Chapter Accessing To to the cover. If or of the to the front Follow the instructions this when to these Cl or the cover or the front LI post-installation procedures. to the following the this chapter and and the following to or yourself: While this instructions of optional reservations about off the to the and and then least seconds the cover. the from the and then from the back Then peripheral from the including the and Accessing
The heavy, when or its Every the cover, to ground touching the of the back If properly grounded, electricity and Also, those that this instructs to tl from the or (such as the the to from or to correctly. with the the the the tl If optional the the options to or the option the cover the or the overheat. the both of the when upright Accessing Infernal
the You the to of the following: tl or option or memory the board to its Cl or or other It to the cover and these while the its Follow these the foot the right of the Chapter instructions.) the its right that the facing and the back facing If necessary, the cover. Chapter instructions.) the four screws the cover to the Accessing
the of the cover and as shown below. Then and off the the You the front to or Follow these and release the four the front to the the of the Accessing Infernal
the from the front of the and You to the front of the slightly to release the the Follow these to the front the four the back of the front the four notches the You to the front of the to the the front and the the notches the top of the Then the of the the If four seated the notches, them the front and try Accessing
the Follow these to the cover: the back the cover and the each of the cover with the the as shown below. Then the cover the Accessing
the cover the front of the of the the the front the of the cover the Then the cover as as the cover to the back with the four screws. the cover the the upright and the Chapter the and other peripheral Then the to the back of the and to Accessing Infernal
Post-installation Procedures or options, to the Reference information. The the information about optional such as memory or math Chapter instructions. If that low-level to the the that with and then, necessary, follow the instructions to You to newly-installed option. options with their and the following options with the Reference Cl Memory LI Math and Ct instructions. Accessing
and This chapter instructions and the following optional Option Math Memory It includes instructions and the to math or the board. At the of this chapter, of board and the boards of the this chapter, the and then the cover, as Chapter finished or options, the cover as then follow the Post-installation Procedures to and
To board, the following first SIMM option supply board LED
To board, the following 486SX/25 board 4860X/33 board (with WTL4167 math WTL4167 80487SX 80486SX board interface 80486DX interface and
Option Cards option Each of the following types: Cl EISA option ISA option tl ISA option You to EISA through and (You and If with option to that the option the the that with the that the the the its and that the the the The below the Option
Although supply protected loads, the board option that than the shown this Option Card Follow these to option Unpack the option and switches or necessary. the option instructions and of the and switch when the Chapter information.) the screw from the top of the option cover and the cover, as shown below. and
the the with the as shown below. If the other of the the the front of the the of the to the back of the with the screw. Option Cards If to option the outlined to the option cover the to the the screw to the option to the the the the to as as
with board. To the board, math (486SX/25 only) the with board. Removing the Follow these to the board: connected to the and connected to other that the board. the screws the board to the of the as shown below. and Removing
the board straight and of the board interface back and forth. If math the static-free with the facing Then Math below, further instructions. the Follow these to the board: the the of the board the board the board. (If necessary, to the to the straight the or back and forth. and If the board, location. Then the section instructions board.
each of the with the screws. If to the board, the to the board or Math math the when It increases the which graphic displayed when graphics-oriented software. You the following WTL4167.33 math Math board, the from instructions. Then follow the below to math To electricity and math as the that the boards to and the top of the board from WTL4167.25 math 80487SX, (with internal and
the of and the that the the shown below. the with the the Then the the the to the the the as Math If to the math from board, The extracting and to without this easily If the math the permanently 80487SX WTL4167 WTL4167 math
Memory with 4MB of memory memory which the board. You to increase memory to 64MB. There SIMM the board. Each or SIMM. The The SIMM as shown below. the back the four (U12, U13, U14, and U15) and the four right (U16, U17, U18, and U19) and
The below the type of SIMM SIMM 1MB 2MB Double-sided 4MB 8MB with to the type of You these performance, however, follow these each with four of the tl first and then the highest and the or The below of SIMM SIMM memory 4MB 8MB and Option U16 U17 U19
Once where to follow the instructions below to them. If to the four 1MB that with Memory Memory Follow these to If necessary, the to the SIMM It to the the farthest from the board first. each SIMM its notched the back of the To the SIMM, the as shown below. and
the SIMM and, the the top to the and clicks the and the and each SIMM to Removing Memory If to memory from follow the below. the information to from the If necessary, the to the SIMM It to the from the to the board first. the SIMM the and that the the the both of the SIMM.
or screwdrivers to the the SIMM each to the too or they the the SIMM to the right the SIMM. each SIMM to and
Chapter and The instructions this chapter to and optional EISA You these instructions to of including and from the the If or of the this chapter apply. the that with information. This chapter to the following: the CI the IDE (Integrated tl or or internal of the below, follow the Chapter to the and the front necessary). and
the Correct to half-height or of half- and full-height There of the and the housing, as shown below. The to four the following half-height One full-height and half-height and internal housing
You to the following One full-height internal half-height internal If to the housing. This the externally-accessible to If however, the cover the front You mounting attached. the that with instructions attaching the mounting they already attached. and to its right as this chapter. Three three grounding and screws with the IDE You to the or IDE The the whether or You to only 51A-inch or 3lh-inch with Remooing and
If the below to If and another to the the to that the If the each to which the (primary) and which the (secondary). The the from which the The following shows the location of the the optional 200MB IDE
If another type of the location, and there four instead of the as to the the below. One (Primary) (secondary) HSP You the To or IDE the internal housing, instructions. To or IDE the section instructions.
or Removing This section or or however, these instructions another type of to the that with instructions Follow these the front as If that from the front of the the front the Press outward the the cover to the of the front Then the cover to as shown below.
If to follow the below. To Follow these to from the supply and from the back of the supply and Removing
the screws the to the as shown below. Then the from the front of the and If IDE from the the internal housing the from the board. the Housing instructions. If IDE and another the the and its to that IDE and to the from or to from the internal housing. Then instructions the If necessary, the cover the front the and
the front and cover as Chapter then follow the Post-installation Procedures to Follow these to grounding and of the screws that with the and grounding plate to the right of the as shown below, and them with the screws. the the the right of the and the the grounding and
the the with the the and the with of the screws that with If the externally-accessible, the front and, necessary, the of the that with the front to the screws.
of the supply P1 through P6. the notched corners the with the the back of the as shown below. Then the the the If IDE to If or to and
the with the the the with the with the the with the as shown below. Then the If connecting A, the FDD1 the of the If B, the FDD2. If the TAPE DRIVE ONLY. to the with the interface that the the with the the interface, as shown the following Then the
the front and cover as Chapter then follow the Post-installation Procedures the of that chapter to or or the housing from the Follow the this section to the following: Cl the internal housing or internal the internal housing. These instructions or IDE however, them to or other of internal as and Removing
the Housing Follow these to the internal housing from If there the internal housing, the supply and from the back of each and supply
the four screws the internal housing to the as shown below. the screws they the board. the of the housing and and of the to the housing the or the board. Then the housing If only IDE the connected to the the board. to the follow the instructions below to or the internal housing. Removing
or the following to the IDE instructions. Follow these to or internal If to the screws to the housing; there screws each Then the from the front and of the housing. To (or the housing as shown the and the If to to
the each of the with the each of the housing and the with the four screws that with the If IDE and another the the and its to that only IDE to the from the internal housing or to the from Then instructions the the internal housing as below. If half-height the the top or of the housing to half-height to and
the Housing or internal follow these to the internal housing: the internal housing the the and to beneath the housing the or the board. the housing to its with the four screws. supply each the housing. You of the P1 through P6. the notched corners the with the notched corners of the as shown below. Then the
the each the internal housing. To IDE the with the the the with the with the the with the as shown below. Then the to supply to each the internal housing. to to each the internal housing. and Removing
the front and cover as Chapter then follow the Post-installation Procedures the of that chapter to and If the the that with instructions connecting the
You the following using the tl board memory II printer(s). than type of the A-7 of the each The the and the to back or this to this
Starting the Follow these to the A-2 the Reference and or the the from the Reference to This clears from memory protected terminate-and-stay-resident (TSR) or other and frees the the title the Press to the From the Access to other Then prompted, the Reference the Reference and then You the top of the with Items Detected highlighted. Press You of the the to the correct. If the correct, I-] to and I. the to properly. Then Systcrn
the correct, each If to from the You to the To from the Items Detected the them, follow these Press such as the following: Press to highlight the to and The from the You as as finished I-] to and the Tests section. Tests. You seethe Memory COM2 or A-3
If to to the Items Detected follow these Press Press finished A-4 It] or to Tests. You the such as the following: LPT2 LPT3 LPT2 The the that the You that from the to to them. or to highlight the to and The from the and to the Items Detected You as as to and the section.
Follow these to from the You the such as the following: Press Press to highlight the to and If to the once, I. To the than once, type the of to and If there the testing immediately. If there than the of selections, such as the following: [tlor Memory COM2 or You the often to I. HARD DISK DRIVE(S) AND CONTROLLER CHECK MENU Read, A-5
the completed, the or the You another or the If from information Follow the instructions the to the If the and appears. If to the the You this To without To the The the Then of the the the the of this A-6 Ir] or or type the of the option to highlight and then To to and You to the of the to and and
The below the Memory Drive(s) or Port(s) COM1 or COM2 Port(s) LPT1, LPT2. or LPT3 LPT1 or LPT2 The the to back or this Read, and the the operation of built-in or optional math memory and displays memory count the of the selected the operation of the selected the selected loop-back the selected loop-back the of the selected
The following the that appear testing. Memory Memory Parity A-8 CPU ROM counter counter Refresh DMA DMA Refresh timeout write CMOS CMOS shutdown CPU instruction CMOS battery Protect Protect
field subtraction high Timeout A-9
Formatting This to low-level (or physically) This should confused with the operating The physical formatting of that the factory the If with factory-installed or optional IDE already You follow the instructions operating to If that with its own that to physically the You to the this chapter to physically that the low-level and with its If whether formatting necessary, Physically formatting to back to the the formatting and formatting the operating or to logically the operating B-Z
its becomes causing the to efficiently or If this operating to the If those (or the to the following the instructions this chapter. Starting the Follow these to the formatting the Reference A. B-2 Turn or the the title the Press to You the Welcome Press You the Press to highlight Access to other and At the highlight LOW and You to the Reference the Reference the Reference and
You the Format The option choose whether formatting or reformatting The options as follows: CI Format first the track and which to as Then the and the they to tl the read/write or and the this option writes and the that OU this that LI the without You this that Formatting New To that formatted, the Format option. You to the track to when the with of tracks, the the Other (such as with the already Format o B-3 Formatting
Reformatting Used To follow these the option to tracks. If the back to the option to the the Format option to the Selecting Option this often to option from There to this: Cl the arrow tl the of the option and You option that appears the using the Formatting If than this Select the first or the Then the instructions below the Format option to B-4 Formatting to highlight the option and (CT], [T],
Option Format If Format from the Format the following with track Format Scan to information? (Y/N) (If the already track this to tracks.) Select to the or to the If the the and displays these the process: You the head and as the the the displays the such as the following: Next the following Scanning tracks... Head Scanning finished. Count of Count of with other Count of tracks recommended sectors (Y/N) Formatting B-5
Next this B-6 Formatting to the recommended sector the interleave factor) of this allows to efficiently. other to this the that with the To the Then to To N. You the following sectors o the recommended which the sector the Then recommended sectors head (Y/N) the recommended of another type of the recommended the the To the Then to To N. You the following sectors head (O-16): the recommended which the sector the The sector the type. Then
The allows to the At the of the this Select to the as Then the section and to Formatting the B-9. To to the the section. the Defective Track Table If to the the following options the of the Defective Track to with track, C track, track, To track, follow these Press the of the containing the and the head the and (To the operation, appears the and the track, necessary. (Y/N) You this You this head without B-7
If the to the incorrect and to the or to the from the the track the as track. The and head and to the of the If or head of the of appears and the to the the tracks, without Then the the track the correct, The displays about the of proceeding with formatting, as the section. the ready to formatting the the following If to the N. If the chance to Select to formatting or to B-8 Formatting WARNING! ALL DATA WILL BE DESTROYED IN ALL PARTITIONS OF HARD DISK, NOT JUST IN MS-DOS PARTITION! to formatting (Y/N) DOUBLE CHECK THAT YOU HAVE BACKUP DISKETTE COPIES OF ALL YOUR FILES. to and (Y/N)
If with Format started. Head You the head and as the formatting the and of these: Format finished. tracks... head Format completed. Press ENTER to to the Press Option You of to and them, they The writes, reads, and information every of the that already as tracks. If this the track that caused the If think that causing first the to the to to the Format Formatting B-9
To this from the Format You these the each track, the to the the displays the of the including of that write, as the following: B-10 Formatting Read/Save/Write/Read/Restore/Read o finished. Count of Count of with write, Count of write, detected. Press ENTER to to the
If the track, the followed this: Tracks Head Head Head Head Confirm to the the Track Table as tracks. to the tracks as tracks? (Y/N) To these as You of the as they the to to the Format Option The and to the of this To the from the Format You these o C B-11
the each track, it the to the the displays the of the such as the following: If the the displays of the that the Then this the information displayed. Then to to the Format Exiting the To the Format You to the Reference the Reference the Reference and of the other or to the If the or the option, with operating operating instructions. B-12 finished. Count of Count of with read, Count of detected. read, Press ENTER to to the
C Troubleshooting You should as and of the ordinary to this You instructions. If the or the Where to the Introduction instructions or service. ready to the of and its You should the of the ROM BIOS, as as the and of operating and You the the back If to the to information. Troubleshooting C-1
Follow these to the other information: Turn or the RESET the its memory the of ROM BIOS appears the top of the the (This included information.) At the operating the to the of operating and then the numbers of built-in memory (ROM) of These internal such as ROM, RAM, the the and the every the The RAM displays count of the memory currently If the the or sound tone The tone of that the such as If the serious, the further and The and, there the the or the tone and to when reporting C-2 Troubleshooting
The below the and tone Shutdown Shutdown A20 A20 Unexpected protected Unexpected protected Decreasing memory RAM counter Time-of-day clock Time-of-day clock tone tone SIMM 1-3-o RAM refresh memory First 64KB RAM or First 64KB RAM First 64KB RAM First 64KB RAM Software NMI 8KB and clock CMOS write/read BIOS ROM DMA DMA write/read VGA RAMDAC Troubleshooting C-3
tone 64KB RAM or First 64KB RAM or C 64KB RAM or First 64KB RAM or First 64KB RAM or DMA DMA A20 Unexpected protected C-4 Troubleshooting 64KB RAM or 64KB RAM or First 64KB RAM or 64KB RAM or First 64KB RAM or First 64KB RAM or First 64KB RAM or 64KB RAM or First 64KB RAM or 64KB RAM or memory or
tone (continued) tone RAM or If with the or the the below. The when Turn off the and the following: securely connected to the that the and cords completely their the outlet to The the screen below. Time-of-day clock Troubleshooting C-5
The If the operating the caused factors. the following: LI correctly and properly operating C-14.) tl If and RESET. If think the caused physical the follow these and turn off peripheral and Disconnect the and and the computers cover, as touching the back of the the of the and that the and option completely seated their Then each the board to that they seated. the cover and the peripheral and as Turn and booting If the operating C-6 Troubleshooting
The when type. If turned the the following: securely connected to the tl If the and below. If software these CI If or to its If the reasonable of to the Press If the off and least seconds. If bootable A. Then the and try the If of these software or software technical The operating. operating because its that the they operating This protects from to overheating. [F] [?I or the RESET to the software and the Troubleshooting C-7
these high they off the DC the supply and operating. This the supply, the of the high To operation, follow these Turn off the and off least seconds to the supply To the of the high and the the following: tl supply that nothing the the back of the both and the there around Cl of of the supply the D-4 to the option option the of card(s). the causing the overheating, allow the to cool least of about C). This the thermal If the cover, Then the If the supply off follow the to the C-8 Troubleshooting C) or If this the the to
If the and using the section below that the You the nothing the and You three to correctly the If this RESET to the and If turned when type and to If the or RESET and You to of the Chapter instructions or You If the and follow these Turn off the the cover, and the J1 the board to A. Chapter instructions the and the location of the the cover. Chapter instructions.) fhe If option to the follow the instructions Chapter to them. passwofcf. Troubleshooting C-9
If bootable A. Turn the and allow to the operating Then off the the cover, and the function J1 the to B. If necessary, follow the instructions Chapter to option the cover. If to to anything the If to to the Reference and turn the You the the as or the board. Then highlight and the and If to network as the the the the to C-10 Troubleshooting
If when and then booted from the the Follow the instructions to Cl the securely connected to its If or the below with There the securely connected to the the and the that the switch and that the light the If the light the the brightness and tl to the outlet the Troubleshooting C-11
The CI and match. Also, switches or the properly. the that with and instructions. chose the type the the recommended switch and Chapter If to the the type of and Also, using the and software. II C-12 turned the or the to the the to the or the to the right type of If the the another and the operation. If this the below. to incorrect type when the Chapter instructions. Trol~bleslzooting
If think there something with this section. You or with If with that the about the If the yourself, the instructions Chapter the and the correctly. that the to the type of as of the Chapter If the the A. If the The or Troubleshooting
If think there something with the below. You with newly-installed If the about the If the yourself, followed the instructions Chapter the instructions and the to correctly. the to they correctly. If that it physically formatted. This type of the yourself. If the with its that follow the instructions B. that the to type correctly. Chapter If the and properly the the instructions operating the the tl If the the A. If the the from whom purchased the Troubleshooting
You reduction performance. The the become You to back and then compaction to the information. LI If or read/write the physical the the as A. LI If the the from whom purchased the Software using the the and that correctly. or specifying the and directory. LI operating software to this the and the operating of the necessary. the Chapter instructions and information copy-protected If with software, software or the technical Troubleshooting
the and properly connected to the (Also, Cl the the DIP switch or If using than or than the and secondary the to they correct. Chapter instructions. the tests, A. If the or Option Card CI the option properly its the Chapter and the instructions that with the If option to option You through and or Cl that the to the Chapter C-16 Troubleshooting If with try the A.)
to the DIP switches or the option the procedures the software with the option option and information the If necessary, that the to the to the option Memory tl If the memory count displayed or the incorrect, or the correctly. The the they the type of SIMM, or they their If the to the yourself. If them, Memory Chapter and the instructions correctly. the of only CI to the or memory to Chapter instructions. Cl If with write and Troubleshooting
that securely connected to its to and memory correctly. tl that the built-in option the correctly Chapter information. Cl If with the that with troubleshooting information or Math the and that the as the or the board. If or the incorrectly. and information. Cl the that with the troubleshooting information and procedures the the instructions. C-18 Troubleshooting to the yourself. that to
Specifications memory 4MB RAM 1MB, 2MB, 4MB, or 8MB to 64MB type BIOS BIOS; 64KB BIOS EPROM; 64KB BIOS FLASH ROM RAM Automatically the BIOS from ROM RAM; RAM BIOS and BIOS software EISA 8KB SRAM; battery-backup RAM clock, and CMOS RAM ISA D-shell RS-232-C, ISA asynchronous; D-shell DIN, PS/2 or other Specifications D-1
DIN, PS/2 EISA Option and ISA option allowable through and and software and the board to of these Interface the to IDE with D-2 Specifications 5?$inch, high-density, 1.2MB 5&inch, 360KB 3V2-inch, high-density, 1.44MB 3%inch, 720KB optional
CPU 4865X/25 board: 80486SX, memory 486SX/25 board: 8KB internal cache the 80486SX Math 486SX/25 board: optional WTL4167 and 80487SX board: 80486DX, Both boards: and other through software or board: 8KB internal cache the 80486DX 64KB 82485MA-33 Turbocache with write-through, memory and board: internal the 80486DX and optional WTL4167 to half-height half-height or full-height four half-height or full-height and half-height externally-accessible Specifications D-3
300W, fan-cooled, input thermally protected to VAC and to VAC, to At Amps; Amps outputs I- The board Option each Amps Amps Amps Amps D-4 Specifications (Amps) (VDC) to seconds AC outlet
Humidity (non-condensing) Physical Characteristics inches inches Height inches (without or typewriter function Non-operating 41~to95-F to 5-to to to to to to I-330 to C to C to I-100to 134F Specifications
Source AC AC D-6 Specifications Wpe North America 10A tYpe 24OV. OA to 16A UK 240V. OA 240V. OA North America 24OV. 15A Reference ANSI C73.1 UL/CSA Listed, NEMA 5-15-P. IEC 18/3AWG, or or CHAR> 3OOV, OA or Reference CEE <HAR> IEC IEC HD21 .OO 300V. OA BS BS <HAR> 1363A .OO IEC 3OOV, OA IEC EN ASTA ASC112 IEC HD21 <HAR> .OO 3OOV. ANSI C73.20. UL/CSA SJT NEMA6-15-P IEC UL 300V. OA SIT. 16/3AWG. 13A 10A 18/3AWG,
Memory of the memory memory and the BIOS the type of BIOS ROM: 64KB VGA BIOS RAM): 32KB memory: memory: memory: Not memory BIOS ROM BIOS 64KB (MDA CGA 64KB (EGA or VGA) 64OKE 64MB memory) 1MB 64OKB Specifications D-7
or that the location where information memory. Application software to such as or spreadsheet ASCII American Information characters, such as numbers, and graphic ASCII character of computers, and transmitted ASCII Asynchronous of which character to another that to to AUTOEXEC. BAT The batch that when MS-DOS. Batch The that the to switch from high to when
memory The memory the below 1MB that to MS-DOS and programs-usually 640KB. memory or memory. Batch type of that of commands command. Batch text with the .BAT. type the the operating the commands that BIOS ROM (Read Memory) that input/output functions of the operating and the or The of The of the or of charge. To the operating the memory. or of that character. memory high-speed type of memory that information from or memory where
CFG that the with the information about board or option EISA and ISA with CFG CFG ISA included the Reference CGA Graphics type of that to of text with characters each graphics or four- graphics CMOS Complementary type of of or instructions. Also software or of Command The or that operating and ready to instructions. The displays the and directory. If C, the this: The of of typical consists of with and connected to and
command when C and another the that instructs the to function. optional that the to mathematical Copy-protected type of that copy-protected to the the while the to instead of high CPU Processing Unit. The of the that instructions, the of and input and output operations. The of that read/write head. The of to the of the of heads. Information such as or graphics or
or that when the turned or temporarily or the containing instructions that allow to and The and the to its internal and its DIP switch switch. switch option or that function. Directory of of directory shows the location, and of the the directory. directory both and of the option to the interface. the the displays text and graphics. known as
DMA Direct Memory Access The through which and I/O This intervention. DOS commonly operating that the input and output type of that allows to as as the 360KB of 720KB of The of colon-for C EGA Enhanced Graphics type of that allows to high-resolution graphics It to of text with characters each or or graphics to Industry Architecture. IBM that the ISA architecture to and allows than to the easily. 5%inch 3M-inch
Expanded memory Memory that specially written MS-DOS with Expanded Memory Specification (EMS) Memory Memory 1MB that the protected of the and to and operating memory that allows to the DRAM the FLASH memory rewritable, memory. BIOS information FLASH memory Format To (or to that information. and sectors and locations Graphics and other nonalphanumeric with of and
High-density type of that allows to than or high-density 1.2MB of 3M-inch high-density 1.44MB of Input/output (I/O) physical or software to or ISA Industry Architecture. The or IBM computers. that option or the board to and function. containing copy-protected that the while the (KB) to memory or One bytes.
LIM EMS of the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification-a that allows to memory that MS-DOS The board built containing the the to The to to the geographic location of within the memory Math optional that the to mathematical and graphic MCGA Graphics type of that or graphics MDA type of that displays text only such as or (MB) to memory or One 1024KB.
to (of clock). second. Memory The where Memory permanently ROM) or temporarily RAM). Memory board that memory chips. You memory to the board the to the memory. memory commonly SIMM memory Memory The memory option the MGA Graphics type of that text and graphics the of CPU that allows to telephone and
The of that the and information. that displays such as or as to which with or buttons. the the the the MS-DOS Microsoft The operating commonly with computers. Network of connected they Network The which the other connected to The write to and from the other the Network optional that security that operating as
to the to SCI another This from the information the CMOS of the which the The and the right of the The which the commands. of (such as MS-DOS, OS/2, or UNIX) that operations. The operating the and input and Option board the to such as OS/2 The operating Microsoft that and The type of interface that the of Interface and
to that MS-DOS what to and specifies information such as what to and where to or Parity to the of that the of the or The of characters type the to and Pathname The directory specify to the the SALES, the subdirectory BUSINESS, \BUSINESS\SALES. Peripheral (such as or connected to that the its operation. physical input/output to which that the to its internal and each
board connected to the board the cache memory, and math RAM Access Memory. The of the memory to and while RAM when off or the Read/write head The physical that reads from and records the of clock battery-powered clock the that of the and when the turned off. To operating or using operating information RAM. RGB type of
ROM Memory. of memory that and temporary ROM its when off the directory The top-level directory MS-DOS, (backslash). other of the directory. RS-232-C used, type of interface. You to RS-232-C to the built-in SCI Information The created the that the information about the option and of allocated. The SCI SYSTEM.SCI. SCSI Interface input/output that of option to interface and SCSI Sector section of track that which the
The type of interface that Interface and RAM The that to ROM BIOS information the RAM of memory to processing. SIMM Memory Subdirectory directory or of that branches from another subdirectory or from the directory. Switch option to that the the Switches preceded slash). of to they functioning correctly. that the operating
Tracks resembling the record, which to the areas. UNIX operating that and to UNIX with of computers, from to VGA Graphics type of high-resolution To the from write-protect the notch or the write-protect switch write-protected, or its