A881381, A881389, and A881371) VGA A881381 and A881389)
This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or or the the authority to the interface and AC to comply with the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS FOR CANADIAN USERS NOTICE
America or warranties, or implied, or with to this and warranties of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to AU rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information from the of the information contained this publication and to without EPSON of Corporation. EPSON and EPSON Direct service of Inc. Other and of their respective The EPA of or service. Copyright Inc. California, USA IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions Although this to shock or fire to the incorporated the the following instructions: of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions this and the The shock to or covers, and to service the yourself. servicing to authorized service of the through the to such as or the or and to the heating or sunlight. heat the and the top, and back of the or cover these the built-in insulator, such as bookcase, supply the specified the The should operated from the type of indicated the rear the combined rating products the the the rating of the the with the If another cord, the (UL/CSA). the and cords as this fire or shock. to the or
allow to the cord. where the interface with non-shielded the from the and the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. brightness permanently the To or that (such as telephones, televisions, or screwdrivers) near the the of off the least seconds it back the from the and the and servicing to authorized service the following A. If the or B. If the with such as or C. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. only those that covered the operating instructions; of other and often to the to operation. D. If the or the or E. If the performance.
incorrect protection instructions: instructions conserver instructions service coffre. tout tomber Un toutes conform& (UL/CSA). surcharger
marche. service A. B. C. instructions. instructions; touchant marche. D. E. performance
Introduction EPSON VGA with 8514A, VGA, and VGA from to IBM It offers the following features: 14-inch, CRT High-resolution of to brightness, centering, centering, and supply with selection and and base. This instructions to and the It troubleshooting information and specifications. The A881381 and A881389 comply with the U.S. Protection Agencys which the of computers, and monitors. If the EPSON VGA when the to the The the front right of the when the this VGA
The EPA that computers, and other peripheral and would reduced tons. The EPA of or service. Where to If purchased the United States, EPSON the location and service. International locations the back of this If purchased the United States, EPSON the following services through the EPSON Technical with the and of EPSON products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Service of and EPSON products Customer Relations Product with technical specifications and products VGA SM EPSON technical information directly the locations.
You reach the EPSON or and the EPSON CompuServe The to helpful specifications, and through the America CompuServe. If currently of CompuServe, introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: introductory credit CompuServe ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication. To of this offer, the United States and and other or CompuServe If already CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America VGA
Unpacking the these items: EPSON VGA AC (to the to interface (to the to and Warranty If or EPSON immediately. to the and to the the This section to the and swivel base, location the and the to VGA CoIor
the and Swivel the and base, cover with or to scratching the assembly. Then follow these the the the of the facing the four of the top of the base. VGA
the the turned and the to the of the the the the the the front of the the clicks the Then the the base. the and and the To the base, the from the and the from the back of the the While the the of the the the of the VGA
Selecting Location the Follow these when location the the instructions the of this that the of the and peripheral The should to and comfort, to the directly front of and about from To and reduce the that sunlight, or overhead lights directly the the top of the should slightly below when front of the of sight to the should about to below the Connecting the to the to and to with the If necessary, and DIP switches or the to match the You to the or instructions. VGA
Follow these to the to the and turned off. Turn the around the back of the facing the interface the VGA shown below. the screws the the other of the the the back of the Then tighten the screws the the the AC the back of the the other of the properly grounded VGA
The supply, to outlet supplying and Turning On the Turn the pressing the located the front right of the Then the seconds, appears the To the the clear and easy to read, the brightness and The when first the and when the the full-power the the the VGA
the The the front of the allow to the to The following the functions of the Function the vertically. Turn the clockwise to the counterclockwise to the the of the Turn the clockwise to increase the height: counterclockwise to the the Turn the clockwise to the to the counterclockwise to the to the right. the of the Turn the clockwise to increase the counterclockwise to the the (the of the and of the Turn the clockwise to increase the counterclockwise to the Brightness the of the Turn the clockwise to increase the counterclockwise to the brightness, the and off. VGA
Cleaning the To the operating its to regularly. Follow these Turn off the and the from the the interface from the cloth to the cloth. To clean the household cloth; then the To shock, directly the or cleaners to clean the they the casing or the of the Troubleshooting This section to might If these procedures the information where to The light light. The Press the The might or connected. the properly to both the and the VGA
The outlet might the or other The there the The or the the and the front of the as The too or too the the and the front of the as VGA the the interface properly connected to the and the interface the Connecting the to Computer the and brightness The input the and and the input within the specified DIP switches, and match the If DIP switches or the properly. or instructions. correctly the
The scrambled. The input the and and the input within the specified Specifications CRT Deflection pitch and Synchronization A881381, A881389, and A881371 inches inches (A881381 and A881389) (A881371) (A881381 and A881389) (A881381 and A881389) (A881371) VGA
Physical Characteristics inches Height inches inches VGA
America (USA) Inc. CA EPSON EPSON Direct SM P.O. CA (Technical and (Technical and America (International) America FL, USA S.A. Chile, S.A. Chile S.A. S.A. C.V. D.F., SP S.A. Willowdale,
International Locations S.A. 25/F., Harbour Harbour EPSCO I-IX Branch 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. Phone: (U.K.) (PC) Hempstead, Hertfordshire, HP27EZ,UK S.A. B.P. S. or Rodborough N.S.W.
Distributors South America SISCO SP UPEN Computers Georgetown, S.R.L. Inc. S.A. S.A. C.I.L.D.S.E. A.J. CIA Infocenter S.A.
Caribbean Caribbean Bridgetown, North Atlantic B.W.I. WTG/APTEC Rey, IMCON America S.A. Micro-Tee Bridgetown, The N.V. S.A. Complete Port-of-Spain, PS2000 CODASA C.A.