VGA A882181) SER`S EPSON EPA POLLUTION PREVENTEI
This tested and found to with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected the or TV The of non-shielded interface or non-shielded to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface and shielded with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS FOR CANADIAN USERS Bdict& WARNING
America or warranties, or implied, or with to this and ofmerchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information contained from the of the information this publication and to without EPSON of Corporation EPSON service of Inc Other and of their respective The EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc California IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPY TRADEMARKS
Instructions Although this to shock or fire to the incorporated the the following instructions: of these instructions and them reference Follow and instructions this and the The shock to or covers, and to service the yourself. servicing to authorized service of the through the to such as or the or and to the heating or sunlight. heat the and the top, and back of the or cover these the built-in such as bookcase, supply the specified the The should operated from the type of indicated the the combined rating products the the the rating of the the with the If another cord, the (UL/ CSA or VDE).
the and cords as this fire or shock. to the or allow anything to the cord. where the interface with non-shielded the from the outlet and the cleaning. cloth cleaning. brightness permanently the To or that (such as telephones, televisions, or screwdrivers) the the off the least seconds back the of the cord. the from the outlet and servicing to authorized service the following A. If the or B. If the with such as or C. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions; of other and often technician to the to operation. D. If the or the or E. If the performance.
incorrect incorporees Un instructions tomber bibliotheque, instructions tout protection instructions conserver service coffre.
toutes (UL/ CSA VDE). dinterface telephones, tournevis Apres marche. service A. surcharger
B. C. D. E. performance instructions. instructions; touchant tombe, marche. coffre CtC
EPSON VGA high-performance, with graphic It offers the following features: 17-inch, CRT with High-resolution of to fast, refresh of to of from to and from to IBM or VESA including VGA VGA each VGA VGA and VGA to the the memory allows the to to The following with buttons the front of the and height, cushion, and DEGUSS the CRT Three and and or and supply which to AC and with the Swedish (MPRII). VGA
This instructions to and the It to the and the It troubleshooting information and specifications. The EPSON with the U.S. Protection Agencys which the of computers, and If the EPSON VGA when the to the The the front right of the when the this The EPA that computers, monitors, and other peripheral annually and would reduced tons. Where to If purchased the United States or EPSON services through the EPSON the United States, GO-EPSON. the EPSON the following: with the and of EPSON products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Customer VGA
of ribbons, and EPSON Customer Relations EPSON technical information and service Product with technical specifications and EPSON products. If purchased the United States, authorized EPSON and service. International locations the back cover of this CompuServe If the to helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON products through the America CompuServe. If already CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America the the following items: EPSON VGA and attached) interface [(to the to the IBM/ VGA only)] AC (to the to VGA
Warranty Complete the and to EPSON information. the warranty records. If or EPSON immediately. to the and to the the This section to the and attached), location the and the to VGA
Attaching the and Swivel the and base, cover with or to scratching the assembly. Then follow these the the the of the facing as shown below. the four of and the the top of the and base, as shown VGA
the that the pointed Then the to the of the as shown below. the the the the the the front of the the clicks the Then turn the upright its base. the and and the To the base, the from the outlet and the from the back of the the While the release the of the the the of the VGA
Selecting Location the Follow these when location the Connecting the to the to and to with the If necessary, and DIP switches or the to the You to the or instructions. Follow these to the to the and other peripheral off. Follow the instructions the of this that the of and peripheral and to and comfort, to the directly front of and about from To and reduce the that sunlight, or overhead lights directly the the top of the should slightly below when front of the of sight to the should about to below VGA
Turn the around the back, as shown below. the and the that with the of the interface the VGA the screws the the other of the interface the VGA the back of Then the screws the or instructions.) the the AC the back of the the other of the properly grounded VGA AC VGA The supply, to supply the of to VAC with to
Turn the around the and the and to the of the Turning On the Turn the the located the front right of the as shown below. The lights the seconds, appears the To the the clear and easy to read, the and the the section). You to Apple and/or Purchase these items accessory screen VGA Upoweromoff
The light when the the the Accessing the The the the It located the of the To the to the cover. the the of the cover and hear the cover click. Release to the cover. VGA
The and the shown below. The following the including the buttons, the brightness and and the that the light and SELECT DOWN UP DEGAUSS Function Selectsa To repeatedly the SELECT the LED from to right acrossthe Once DOWN buttons. SELECT them. The DOWN Decreasesthe DOWN UP Increasesthe of the selected UP forthe parameteryou lights. the the isoff. ofa selected VGA
Function memory. The that, while the of factory to their factory should to to them. To factory the off and then the RECALL buttons. If the using factory the RECALL buttons alteryour information the Specifications section and the Work section; information the the Work section DEGAUSS and the brightness of the Turn the clockwise to increase the brightness; CONTRAST the (the ofdifference the lightest and of the POWER Turns the and off. the monitoroff, to the currently memory, the the below.) VGA RECALL Recallsone of three factory modeswhen the UP and DOWN buttons. Factory included the the RECALL DEGAUSS counterclockwise to the brightness. Turn the clockwise to increase the turn counterclockwise to the CD
Function Centersthe horizontally. Press the UP LED to the or the DOWN to the right. LED the of the Press the DOWN to the of the or Centersthe vertically. Press the UP to the or the DOWN to o o LED the height of the Press the DOWN to the height of the or cushion Straightensthe verticalscreen Press the LED UP to the or the DOWN to DD VGA
Function the of the LED Press the DOWN to the of the Press the UP to increase the of the Pressing SELECT to (or turning the off while the to that Work The EPSON with industry-standard to and the of and The chooses the automatically; to when to or The and to to and of the the Specifications section. VGA
Once the chosen the to to or the using the SELECT and UP and DOWN buttons. These buttons the and and of the the Every of these the the to this continually the to Although the allows to the of the three of the factory memory as to them. If the factory and the the factory and the You to using factory to the To the RECALL first off the the then Next, the RECALL buttons (UP and DOWN buttons). If using factory the factory If You to they instructions to and the section or the the section below. You than Should the to when of its memory locations the that isnt of the three factory VGA
the about to the or of the indicating that the to and the the section below instructions to The rates. recommended they the To follow these the to Then the as Press the SELECT The (LED) (such as lights If necessary, the SELECT the to the the UP and DOWN as the Press the SELECT the the to and then the and with the The off. VGA
Cleaning the To the operating its to regularly. Follow these Turn off the and the from the lint-free cloth to the cloth. To clean the household cloth; then the If with the or to abort the the factory the RECALL (UP and DOWN buttons); the If the the abort To shock, directly the or to clean the these the or the coating. VGA
Troubleshooting This section to If these the information where to The light. The Press the The when the the the AC the back of the and the the operation of the outlet or other to Authorized EPSON Servicer; the The The Press or the to to that the interface that with the and that properly connected to the VGA and to the interface. Connecting the to Computer The input the and to and to the input within the specified VGA
computers with the and that DIP switches or the or properly. and/ or instructions. Authorized EPSON Servicer; the The there the the or scrambled, and/or the the the interface properly connected to the VGA and to the interface. Connecting the to Computer the and The input the and to and to the input within the specified with the and that DIP switches or the or properly. and/ or instructions. to to match Authorized EPSON Servicer; the VGA
The the when the as the section or the the section The the the and/ or as The too or too the the and/ or height as The of the ate straight the cushion and as There the purity) or the distorted. interference that (such as telephones, televisions, or screwdrivers) from the Then the DEGAUSS once to the The memory locations The the and the with the when its using the SELECT, UP, and DOWN buttons. VGA
Specifications CRT Pitch Light Deflection treatment Aspect ratio inches FS CRT P22 inches inches to refresh VGA
Interfacing RGB type to input to to VGA TTL, TTL, Not connected Not connected Not connected
VGA, connectorpin assignments VGA
AC to VAC, to Normal On On On On Condition (non-condensing) It VGA <8W to (10C to 35C) 8%to RH W) LED Non-operating to +140F (-20C to +6OC) 5%to RH
Factory UL, CSA, FCC-B, FDA, TUV-GS, FTZ-B, and ROV; and with the Swedish (MPRII) Screen cushion, Other brightness SELECT button, UP DOWN button, RECALL DEGAUSS VGA
Physical Characteristics Height VGA inches inches inches
EPSON Locations S.A. (U.K.) (PC) Hempstead, Hertfordshire, HP2 7EZ, UK Phone: Rodborough N.S.W. Phone: Phone: S.A. B.P. Phone: S. Phone: or Branch E. Road, R.O.C. Phone: Harbour EPSCO HX