VGA A881391) EPSO
This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or or the the authority to the interface and AC to comply with the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS FOR CANADIAN USERS NOTICE
America representations or warranties, or implied, or with to this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of information from the of the information this publication and features to without EPSON of Corporation. EPSON service of Inc. Other only and of their respective The EPA of or service. Copyright Inc. California, USA IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions Although this to shock or fire to the incorporated the the following instructions: of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions this and the The shock to or covers, and to service the yourself. servicing to authorized service of the through the to such as or the or and to the near heating or sunlight. heat the and the top, and back of the or these the built-in such as bookcase, supply the the The should operated from the type of indicated the the combined rating products the outlet the the rating of the only the with the If another cord, the (UL/CSA). the and cords as this fire or shock. to the or
allow to the cord. where the interface with non-shielded the from the and the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. brightness permanently the To or that (such as telephones, televisions, or screwdrivers) the the of off the least seconds back the from the and the and servicing to authorized service the following A. If the or B. If the with such as or C If the normally when the operating instructions followed. only those that covered the operating instructions; of other and often to the to operation. D. If the or the or E. If the performance.
incorrect protection instructions: instructions conserver instructions service coffre. tout tomber Un conform& (UL/CSA). surcharger
marche. service A. B. C. instructions. instructions; touchant marche. D. E. performance
EPSON VGA A881391) with IBM 8514A, VGA, and VGA from to It offers the following features: This to and the It troubleshooting information and specifications. EPSON with the U.S. Protection Agencys which the of computers, and The EPSON VGA electricity when the to the l4-inch, CRT with High-resolution of to non-interlaced brightness, centering, centering, and supply with selection and and base. VGA
The EPA that computers, monitors, and other would annually and would reduced tons. The EPA of or service. Where to If purchased the United States, EPSON the location and service. International locations the back of this If purchased the United States, EPSON the following services through the EPSON Technical with the installation, and operation of EPSON products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Service of and EPSON products Customer Relations EPSON technical information directly the Product with technical and products locations. VGA
You reach the EPSON or and the EPSON CompuServe The to helpful specifications, and through the America CompuServe. If currently of CompuServe, introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: introductory credit CompuServe own user ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication. To of this offer, the United States and and other countries, or CompuServe If already CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America VGA
Unpacking the these items: EPSON VGA AC (to the to interface (to the to and Warranty If or EPSON immediately. to the and to the the This section to the and base, location the and to VGA
Attaching the and Swivel the and swivel base, with or to scratching the assembly. Then follow these the the the of the facing the and the four of the top of the base. VGA
the the and the to the of the the the the the and the the front of the the the turn the its base. the and and the To the base, the from the outlet and the from the back of the the With the of the the and the to the from the VGA
Selecting location the Follow these when location the Connecting the to the to and to with the If necessary, and DIP switches or the to match the You to the or instructions. the instructions the of this that the of the and The should to and comfort, to the directly front of and about from To and reduce the that sunlight, or overhead lights directly the the top of the should slightly below when front of the of sight to the should about to below the VGA
Follow these to the to VGA the and peripheral turned off. Turn the around the back of the facing the covers the interface and the the VGA shown below. the screws the AC VGA the other of the the the back of the and tighten the screws the the the AC the back of the the other of the properly grounded
Turning On the Turn the the located the front right of the The lights when the Then turn the seconds, appears the the The the front of the allow to the to The and the right of the the to clear and easy to read. The supply, to outlet supplying and brightness VGA
The which located the of the that allow to the height, and of the To the the of the and The following the functions of the Function the vertically. Turn the clockwise to the counterclockwise to the the of the Turn the clockwise to increase the height; counterclockwise to the height. the Turn the clockwise to the to the right; counterclockwise to the to the the of the Turn the clockwise to increase the counterclockwise to the the (the of the lightest and of the Turn the clockwise to increase the counterclockwise to the Brightness the brightness of the Turn the clockwise to increase the brightness: counterclockwise to the brightness. VGA
Cleaning the To the operating its to regularly. Follow these Turn off the and the from the the interface from the lint-free cloth to the cloth. To the household cloth; then the To shock, directly the or cleaners to the they the casing or the of the Troubleshooting This section to might If these procedures the information where to The indictor light light. The Press the The might or connected. the properly connected to both the and the VGA
The outlet might the outlet or other The there the the turned the interface properly connected to the and the interface the Connecting the to Computer the and The input the and and the input within the specified DIP switches, and match the If DIP switches or the properly. or instructions. correctly the The or the the and the front of the as The too or too the the and the front of the as VGA
The scrambled. The input the and and the input within the specified Specifications Deflection pitch and Synchronization 65MHZ A881391 inches non-interlaced inches tinted VGA
D-type assignments Scanning Interlaced VAC, 40F to 85F (5C to 35C) to UL, CSA, FCC-B, DHHS VGA Not connected GND Not connected connected
Physical Characteristics inches Height inches inches VGA
America (USA) Inc. CA EPSON EPSON Direct P.O. CA (Technical America (International) America FL., USA S.A. Chile, S.A. Chile S.A. S.A. C.V. D.F., SP S.A.
International Locations Phone: S.A. 25/F., Harbour Harbour EPSCO HX Branch 1OF, E. Road, R.O.C. (U.K.) (PC) Hempstead, Hertfordshire, HP27EZ,UK S.A. BP. S. or Rodborough N.S.W. Phone: Phone:
Distributors South America SISCO SP UPEN Computers Georgetown, S.R.L. Inc. Informaticos S.A. S.A. C.I.L.D.S.E. A. J. CIA Infocenter S.A.
Caribbean Bridgetown, North Atlantic B.W.I. WTG/APTEC Rey, IMCON America SA. Micro-Tec Bridgetown The N.V. S.A. Complete PS2000 CODASA C.A.