VGA A882441 and A882459) EPSON
This tested and found to with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or TV or the the authority to the interface and AC to comply with the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS FOR CANADIAN USERS NOTICE
America or warranties, or implied, or with to this and ofmerchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information from the of the information this publication and to without EPSON of Corporation EPSON service of America, Inc. Other and of their respective The EPA of or service Copyright Inc. California, USA IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions Although this to shock or fire to the incorporated the the following instructions: of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions this and the The shock to or covers, and to service the yourself. servicing to authorized service of the through the to such as or the or and to the heating or sunlight. heat the and the top, and back of the or cover these the built-in such as bookcase, the specified the The should operated from the type of indicated the the rating products the outlet the the rating of the only the with the If another cord, the (UL/ CSA). the and cords as this fire or shock. to the or
allow to the cord. where the interface with non-shielded the from the and the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. permanently the To or that (such as telephones, televisions, or screwdrivers) the the of turn off the least seconds back the from the and the outlet and servicing to authorized service the following A. If the or B. If the with such as or C. If the normally when the operating instructions those that covered the operating instructions; of other and often technician to the to operation. D. If the or the or E. If the performance.
Introduction EPSON VGA A882441 and A882459) with IBM 8514A, VGA, and VGA from to It offers the following features: This to and the It troubleshooting information and specifications. EPSON with the U.S. Protection Agencys which the of computers, and If the EPSON VGA when the input to the The the front right of the when the this 14-inch, CRT with and 13.2-inch High-resolution of to non-interlaced brightness, centering, centering, and Universal with selection and and base. VGA
The EPA that computers, monitors, and other would annually and would reduced tons. The EPA of or service. Where to If purchased the United States, EPSON the location and service. International locations the back of this If purchased the United States or EPSON and service through of Authorized EPSON Customer EPSON the following services when Technical with the and of EPSON products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Service Customer Relations EPSON Technical information service Product and products. You purchase or EPSON products from EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON. VGA
Services If the to helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON products through the services below. EPSON board service You the EPSON Service (BBS) membership required. software to with and to the that with software information. CompuServe CompuServe the America CompuServe. If already type GO EPSON the to reach the If currently introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: introductory credit CompuServe own user ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication. To of this offer, the United States and and other the following U.S. telephone or CompuServe VGA
the these items EPSON VGA AC (to the to and Warranty If or EPSON immediately. to the and to the the This section to the and swivel base, location the and to VGA
Attaching the and Swivel the and base, cover with or to scratching the Then follow these the the the of the facing the four of the top of the base. the the turned and the to the of the VGA
the the the the the front of the the clicks the its the and and the To the the from the outlet and the interface from the back of the the With the of the the release and the to the from the VGA
Selecting the Follow these when location the Connecting the to the to and to with the If necessary, and DIP switches or the to match the You to the or instructions. the instructions the of this that the weight of the and peripheral The should to and comfort, to the directly front of and about from To and reduce the that sunlight, or overhead lights directly the the top of the should slightly below when front of the of sight to the should about to below the VGA
Follow these to the to VGA the and peripheral turned off. Turn the around its back facing the of the the the back of the and the screws the of the the AC the other properly grounded The supply, to outlet supplying and Turn the around the and the and to the of the
Turning On the Turn the the located the front right of the Then the seconds, appears the The when first the and when the the full-power the the the VGA
Accessing the The the the It located the of the To the to the cover. the of the cover and the cover the The the front of the allow to the to The brightness and the right of the the to clear and easy to read. VGA
The following the functions of the Function the vertically. Turn the clockwise to the counterclockwise to the the of the Turn the clockwise to increase the height: counterclockwise to the the Turn the clockwise to the to the right: counterclockwise to the to the the of the Turn the clockwise to increase the turn counterclockwise to the the (the of the lightest and of the Turn the clockwise to increase the counterclockwise to the the brightness of the Turn Brightness the clockwise to increase the brightness: it counterclockwise to the brightness. the and off. VGA
Cleaning the To the operating its to clean regularly. Follow these Turn off the and the from the the interface from the lint-free cloth to the cloth. To the household cloth; then the To shock, directly the or cleaners to clean the they the casing or the of the Troubleshooting This section to might If these the information where to The light light. The Press the The might or connected. the properly connected to both the and the VGA
The outlet functional. the outlet or other The there the the turned the interface properly connected to the and the interface the Connecting the to Computer the and brightness The input the and and the input within the specified DIP switches, and match the If using DIP switches or the properly. or instructions. correctly the The The Press or the to to the interface properly connected to the interface. Connecting the to Computer VGA
The input the and to and to the input within the specified with the and that DIP switches or the or properly. or instructions. The or the the and the front of the as The too or too the the and the front of the as The scrambled. The input the and and the input within the specified VGA
Specifications CRT Deflection pitch and Synchronization to to A882441, A882459 inches inches non-interlaced inches tinted VGA
D-type connectorpin assignments Scanning interlaced/60 Interlaced VAC, VAC VGA Not connected GND Ground Not connected Not connected
to C to C) to UL, CSA, FCC-B, DHHS Physical Characteristics Height inches inches inches VGA
America (USA) EPSON EPSON Accessories America, Inc. CA America America FL, USA S.A. SP Chile, S.A. S.A Chile S.A. Willowdale, S.A. C.V. D.F.,
EPSON International Locations S.A. Building Harbour EPSCO HX Branch E. Road, R.O.C. (U.K.) (PC) Hempstead, Hertfordshire, HP2 7EZ, UK S.A. B.P. S. Street NSW
Distributors South America SISCO SP S.A. C.I.L.D.S.E. A.J. CIA Infocenter S.A. Computers Georgetown, S.R.L. Inc. Informaticos S.A.
Caribbean Caribbean Bridgetown, Bridgetown, WTG/ APTEC Boolchand N.V. Rey, International, S.A. IMCON Complete Port-of-Spain, America S.A. PS2000 CODASA C.A.