Where to these technical services: and to You or with to templates, and to To the and the PIN service, the that with This the of to and free. This service through the of PM to AM warranty You with of these numbers: through PM to AM U.S.: through PM to AM and hours of to without or charges apply. please this information ready: Product Product (located the of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Purchase Accessories You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON www.epsonstore.com purchase (U.S. or www.epson.ca and of Corporation. and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-24984 Printed Press to the Press and to the internal memory. or SD the Slideshow Source Brightness Memory Increase or brightness. the The commonly features: Press to the on-screen the arrow buttons to Select the PC connected) internal memory SD internal memory. of the the On-screen Press to the on-screen the arrow buttons to the and the following Black White as or black-and-white. to White the based the lighting the where from once the and internal memory). Memory internal memory. SD Card SD the on-screen AC when with information about these the Follow the instructions this and the and information, the The with these VGA
the the to or other VGA VGA (included) or the to of the shown the type of it VGA Typically by: Typically by: TV VCR and turn the as shown. the Press the to the Turn or the the and the head If than inches), the arm. the the head. as shown. Press the to Turn the the head to the the Press the focused. using the and the to off. To and the arm.
the the to or other VGA VGA (included) or the to of the shown the type of it VGA Typically by: and the as shown. the Press the to the Turn or the the and the head Typically by: TV VCR If than inches), the arm. the the head. as shown. Press the to Turn the the head to the the Press the focused. the and the to off. To and the arm. rotation
and the as shown. the to the Press the Turn or the the and the head If than inches), the arm. Typically by: TV VCR the the to or other VGA VGA (included) or the to of the shown the type of VGA Typically by: the the head. as shown. Press the to Turn the the head to the the Press the focused. the and the to off. To and the arm.
the The commonly features: Press to the on-screen the arrow to Select the PC connected) internal memory SD Slideshow Source Brightness Memory internal memory. of the the On-screen Press to the on-screen the arrow buttons to the and the following Black White as or black-and-white. Invert to White the based the lighting the where Screen from once the and internal memory). Memory internal memory. SD Card SD the on-screen AC when with the information about these Where to these technical services: Press to the and to You or with Press and to the internal memory. or SD to and the to To the the that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: Increase or brightness. U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. please this information ready: Product Product (located the of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Purchase You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca and of Corporation. and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-24984 Printed service, and the PIN Follow the instructions this connecting and the and information, the The with these VGA French
the The commonly features: Press to the on-screen the arrow to Select the PC connected) internal memory SD Slideshow Source Brightness Memory internal memory. of the the On-screen Press to the on-screen the arrow buttons to the and the following Black White as or black-and-white. to White the based the lighting the where from once the and internal memory). Memory internal memory. SD Card SD the on-screen AC when with information about these the Where to these technical services: Press to the and to You or with Press and to the internal memory. or SD to and the to To the service, and the PIN the that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: Increase or brightness. U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. please this information ready: Product Product (located the of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Purchase You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca and of Corporation. and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-24984 Printed Follow the instructions this basic and the and information, the The with these VGA French