EMP V4.21
The following shows the this with of what they of Indicates where related topic or provided. Click the to that Indicates information that related to topic or which useful to Indicates something that or to the CAUTION CAUTION TIP Indicates the of or or item
to the that EMP Following of the and that EMP operations such as the of EPSON that to and the from the EMP then to from the that detected. the searched automatically, and You the IP to them. and of information such as input and and then the operating or the The (ON/OFF) and or You of or that of icons. the of these assigned to that they and The that to the To to and when they the following the the EMP TIP to the the selected or as and then operations the selected such as turning the or to If there actions which and off and switching their input the to "Network ON". "Network to "ON". such as with that You to which function
that terminate that To from occurring the Turn the PROCEDURE used. Compatible to the using of these the "EPSON Software Presentation" CD-ROM the computer's CD-ROM This the the and then the following EMP another the installation, to The MMX or higher II or higher recommended) CPU Professional) SP1 and Edition SP6/2000 Basic/Home Professional SP4/XP Edition/ or installed. Editions) OS MB or MB or recommended) Memory capacity or the the CD and then the following location. (CD Operations the become the EMP which allow to of If this with higher specifications. transmitted. SVGA or higher or higher MB or From with the following the on-screen This the authority to EMP the EMP that of the OS used, the EMP the selected the EMP from correctly.
If NT4.0, XP, or the The and the connected to the EMP the to the following EMP and operations the commercially-available TCP/IP and the the TCP/IP to EMP the EMP-6000/82/62/828/821/81/61 connecting to the the that NT4.0. EMP the following You authority to the of EMP using the information the If this information required, the "EMP V4.21" the installation, this found EMP the and "C:sers\(User V4.21"
with. using search (Searching and that located the that located the that the the EMP associated The operations to using the search where the connected to the and This when EMP the first the the displayed each EMP from that and when would to Once that of the the of to search and Click (or [EPSON [EMP V4.21] that to EMP Starting EMP PROCEDURE The displayed. "Grouping
and search and the of the If appear the specifying IP that displayed. Click [Search]. (Searching and that using search located the The Right-click and "New" If displayed, "New" search)" from the search)". displayed. Procedures search PROCEDURE TIP that using TCP/IP You this selecting search)" from "New" the detected.
and This shows the IP the IP This shows the that the Select the to and then the while to the following The following displayed. Procedures If the this If the to the that to and the though This selected when search. This selected when search. TCP/IP You of about the The the to of Select this when to To other and the to the the displayed, [OK]. searched each EMP that search started. TIP the of the to displayed to of as the first character. "Grouping or Select the icon(s) to "Grouping or selected. to If created, this Select when group. once"
and and then the and Select the "Specify and search" the The icon(s) of the displayed the to the top-right of the or To the operation, the and "Grouping or the of to search and searching and the of the that displayed. Click [Search]. that TCP/IP detected. PROCEDURE TIP The Right-click and "New" If displayed, "New" search)" from the search)". displayed. Procedures search
and This shows the IP the IP This shows the that the TCP/IP Select the to and then the while to the following The following displayed. Procedures If the this If the to the that to and the though This selected when using search. This selected when search. You of about the The the to of Select this when to The icon(s) of the displayed the top- to the right of the or "Grouping and To the operation, "Grouping or To other and the to the the displayed, [OK]. the of the to displayed to of as the first character. or Select the icon(s) to "Grouping or selected. to If created, this when group. once"
and the "IP and then [Search]. If TCP/IP and to the IP of the to the and then [Search]. the TCP/IP the displayed, [OK]. specifying IP searching the information the to while to the below. the of the to displayed to of as the first character. "Grouping or If displayed, "New" Right-click "Grouping and "New" The following displayed. from the PROCEDURE Select the icon(s) to displayed "Grouping or selected. to If created, this Select when group. once" This shows the that the This shows the IP that IP Select this using TCP/IP to the TCP/IP If TCP/IP to the the You this operation selecting from "New" the TIP
and to group" other that hierarchical that then together that they and together. Furthermore, of the as the group", and operations such as the following created. that group". once If the this though If If the to the that the security function to and the TCP/IP to the used. Branch You of about the The the to of Lobby Conference Convention Branch The icon(s) of the displayed the to the the displayed, "Grouping or [OK]. Select this when to the and then the that created. Conference Reception Branch C
and You this selecting "Group" from "New" the TIP If displayed, "New" "Group" from the the while to the below. Right-click and "New" The following displayed. "Group". PROCEDURE The icon(s) of the displayed the to the the displayed, "Grouping or [OK]. created "Grouping or Right-click the icon(s) to to the and You this selecting from the TIP the of the group(s) to to of as the first character. "Grouping or the the to group" and then The of the as or TIP Select the icon(s) to displayed "Grouping or This selects the group. If created, this selected. Select this to that when the the group. If this selected, the It when creating group. used. The using the
and that search PROCEDURE If the or IP the whose or IP "Grouping or Carry search to the Right-click "Grouping or and Then right-click the and that manually PROCEDURE If the IP the IP [Search]. the displayed, click [OK]. If the the "IP and then [Search] the that displayed. You these operations the TIP the to the
and The they or EMP Right-click the the or that to "Grouping or and The of selecting than the as the the while clicking the If "Grouping that More than selected selecting that the the displayed, [OK]. and to of icons. or follow. PROCEDURE You this operation selecting from the TIP
"Grouping of This the of hierarchical "Grouping You using of the below. "Grouping "Grouping the the the of the You items as This the of each as that the and items as round there another them. that If the below "Grouping Click the and "Grouping or "Grouping and switched as follows. How to switch PROCEDURE
the indicating the internal of the displayed top of the operating high internal The of the displayed, to the or the becomes abnormally the increasing when the internal to "On" The and their below. the or that "Network to "ON" or that the correctly connected to the to "Network ON" the that the turned that the LAN connected. the following items. within the group. the and the The monitored. If right- to the that the warning or Warning or displays the to Click [Refresh] the to the EMP closed. The EMP The information that when TIP or Each the the that that displayed or and The following operations "Grouping the "Grouping when the or incorrect authentication updated Warning or To the of within and the to Network Network (TCP
to the that monitored. The monitored. If right-click the and the using of when the or incorrect Network authentication Network (TCP The of displayed as of which the to. to group, the of the that the to displayed. Network and the the Shows the and High-temperature warning The following the internal of the off and the operating the off and The and their below. the Warning or or the High-temperature warning The
updated the to Click [Refresh] the to the EMP closed. The EMP The information that when TIP information: Shows or warning/problem the following icons. Clean Notice You the items to Selecting items High High-temperature Select "Option" from the The "Option" displayed. PROCEDURE the indicating the that "Network to "ON" or of the displayed top of the that the correctly connected to the You the warning to "Network ON" the to "On" that the turned that the LAN connected. the The the following items. Flow Other Flow
and and the The useful searching when displayed Searching Select the of the item to Select from the PROCEDURE of the of the item displayed right of the item that the to the boundary the the Click [OK]. With of the of You as such as or IP Sorting that the selected the The the hierarchical "Grouping and Click the item of the to as the PROCEDURE
Select from the The displayed. PROCEDURE when or displayed, appears the and the the the following operations, The as the and the the of the using the Select the If the selected, EMP when the turned using EMP Right-click the the to to authority to this function. the the or Click [OK]. TIP
The and their below. the or the You of the which or warning with or warning Source: Shows the input that selected the and off and the operating the Shows the the and off and Select "Warning and from the The following "Warning and displayed. PROCEDURE DVI or HDMI Computer2 BNC or Computer1 the of the and the If the displayed. High-temperature The following the internal of the High-temperature If the that displayed.
You the of and Checking information: Shows the warning or the following You of the following to the Right-click "Grouping and then "Property". the "Grouping Right-click and then "Property". specified High internal Flow High-temperature If or that displayed. the *You the the Other flow Flow
browser, of such as what the EMP You once them. and Right-click "Grouping or and "Property". to "On" the The TIP The and the that Select from the displayed. PROCEDURE the operations and of from that the displayed, [OK]. and of EMP Select from the recorded PROCEDURE
Switches the input to the [Computer1] or [Computer] Switches the input to the [Computer2] Switch Switch Click the of to or and to of that selected than "Grouping or and clicking the the while clicking the You of selected selecting The of selecting than the If "Grouping that that and that to and to of icons. the as follow. the Carrying Switches the input to the Switch Switches the input to the [DVI] or [HDMI] Switches the input to the Switch Switches the input to the [BNC] Switch BNC Switch DVI, HDMI Switches the input to the [D4] Switch Switches to or EasyMP.net. Switch TIP or If or function You to and the buttons to operations when the following connected with of the displayed. each that nothing Warning and operations only with warning The following shows the of the buttons. the off. the On
the only, or This carrying operations such as turning and off specified every or once group. Carrying using You the to the Carrying Select from the The following displayed and then the PROCEDURE Right-click the of to "Grouping or and PROCEDURE the as the the to the the The and the displayed. and others the of the the the The the of the the following other than the Warning and operations with You and right-click them to when the following displayed. TIP
the displayed and the applied. the following Procedures The that and operations that this below. selected, the Selects or to the of. that displayed. which shown to switch to the the the or month. or Click of the switching, the the the of this, At "Operation", the operations of turning the and off and switching the input to turning the the buttons the If the input and switching the input Switches the that selected from the and that selected from the If selected the the that selected from the [Disabled] [Enabled] The that and completing the [OK]. they the displayed TIP Select or from the You and of the that
The function" the following displayed. the function or or warning. when the location from the The function to to when that connected to the using this function, the of or On the function the to to "ON" the the to If with which to the when the both the the and EMP (when its turned off). to three and If to "Network ON" or "Network notifying of the to of them once. TIP to "ON" to the function. to of the IP of the SMTP function SMTP IP this The of the SMTP You from to the to of Select function" from the PROCEDURE to three to of Specify the the
the function the [OK]. Click and the items the that appears. the function" appears and to the to notified. Click [OK].
"Reading the the "Reading the the of problem/warning/status issued High-temperature If the or If there than warning, or the that shown below to the to Clean Notice Flow Flow "Grouping or or the following <Problem/warning/status (Please "Grouping the below)> shown Item the World-Wide Warranty from the and Stop the the or the Terms with the Other the the and that the the connected turned "Reading the Indicators" the "Reading the The the of the following. "ON" and to "Network that the turned that "Network to and the LAN connected, and ON". that the correctly connected to the Network (ESC/ Network (TCP Cover flow High internal to inform that the recovered from the or the authentication Network flow
without It recommended that The and operations The displayed, If [OK] the and then [OK]. to strengthen security. as to the This that the EMP and from without authority. and closing EMP and when the You the to third from operating the easily and security. when the applied. Application function Switching and Select from the The displayed. Carry the following operations while PROCEDURE other than and closing EMP and The and operations Select "Application lock" from the the the PROCEDURE "New and then [OK]. the both the "New and The to length. characters used. Select the Select "Application from the the PROCEDURE
when or with Troubleshooting "Network the the correctly. the the "Network" command. the the connected to the correctly? correctly the to the the SMTP IP and correctly? Uninstall EMP and then "Network the the correctly. the the "Network" command. the connected to the correctly? correctly the to the the EMP correctly? "Network or To the function while the to "ON" or "Network ON" the Projector's the "Network or to "ON" or "Network ON"? to "ON" or to EMP to the "Network and the when or "Network ON". the the "Network or to "ON" or "Network ON"? the that to or it If the the World-Wide Warranty Terms or the the with the interrupted, or the the the supply to the location where the that the connected to tripped. to the to causing the
of Microsoft Corporation of the United States and EasyMP.net of Corporation. NT, and or of Corporation. of Apple Inc. the United States and other countries. Notice: or or with to the of the information mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without Neither from the the written of Corporation. rights of this publication reproduced, of the information contained and of their respective owners. Other and rights those or of this or unauthorised modifications, repairs, Neither Corporation its to the incurred purchaser or third as of: purchaser of this or third or or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or products other than those as Products or from the of options or Products Corporation. and this from and The of this or without further 411293800EN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights