EMP V4.30
of Indicates where related topic or provided. Indicates the of the the or the The following shows the this with of what they Indicates the of the or items EMP Select Select
EMP
such as with that You to which function EMP Functions EMP operations such as the Following of the and then to from the that the searched automatically, and You the IP to them. and the from the of EPSON that connected to and that EMP EMP Functions detected. and then the operating or the selected or as and then operations the selected such as turning the assigned to that they The (ON/OFF) and or of information such as input and You of or that If there actions which or to functions to the the of and off and switching their input the of and these To to and when they that to the the following the The to Network ON. Network to ON. the
NT4.0 and of EMP EMP which allow You to SP1 to the of EMP to transmitted. authority to from that of the OS used, the EMP the selected the EMP EMP displayed correctly. EMP Edition SP1 OS Professional SP4 NT4.0 SP6 Compatible supported. that terminate that To from occurring the Turn the Procedure or installed. The following operating XP Edition SP2 or XP Professional SP2 or editions Edition) Edition SP1 Software or EPSON the following CD-ROM EPSON Software The MMX or higher II or higher recommended) CPU SVGA or higher or higher MB or MB or recommended) Memory MB or C From with the following the Operations the become the of If this used. with higher specifications.
the following EMP operations The and the connected to the EMP the to and the commercially-available TCP/IP and the the TCP/IP If the to EMP to the the installation, this EMP the following You authority to EMP the and information the If this information required, the EMP V4.30 "C:sers\(User the of EMP V4.30" found
EMP
and The to as Grouping The displayed. This when EMP the first displayed each EMP Once the the and when would to and from that Click (or EPSON EMP V4.30 that to EMP Procedure Starting EMP The operations to the search that located the as the where the connected to the search (Searching and which EMP that located the the of to search that of the and
searching and the of the that displayed. Click "Search". and (Searching and that search located the If appear the IP If displayed, New The Right-click Grouping and "New" from the search) search)". displayed. Procedure Procedures search that TCP/IP You this operation selecting New from the search) detected.
and to of as the first character. the of the to Grouping or Select the to from the displayed The following displayed. and then Procedure Procedures If created, this selected. Select the icon(s) to displayed Grouping or to once" Select when group. This shows the that the This shows the IP the IP This selected when using search. This selected when search. TCP/IP If the to the that If the this to and the though You of about the The displayed the Select this when to to of the while to the following
and the "Specify and search" and then and the To other projector(s), and the displayed, "OK". the to the the top-right The icon(s) of the displayed C To the operation, of the or or searched each EMP that search started. to the Grouping and the of to search and The If displayed, New Right-click Grouping and "New" from the search) search)". displayed. Procedure that TCP/IP detected. Procedures search
and searching and the of the that displayed. C Click "Search".
and to of as the first character. or the of the to Select the to from the The following displayed. and then Procedure Procedures selected. to If created, this once" Select when group. Select the icon(s) to displayed Grouping or This shows the that the This shows the IP the IP This selected when using search. TCP/IP to the and the though that If the this to If the You of about the The displayed the This selected when search. Select this when to to of the while to the following
and To other and the displayed, "OK". the to the to The icon(s) of the displayed the top-right C To the operation, of the or the Grouping and or
You this selecting New from the "IP and then "Search". the the TCP/IP the IP of the to the If TCP/IP and to the and then Search displayed, "OK". and specifying IP to while to the below. C searching the information the If displayed, New Right-click Grouping and "New" The following displayed. from the Procedure the of the to displayed of Grouping or to as the first character. when group. If created, this selected. Select the icon(s) to displayed Grouping or This shows the that the This shows the IP that IP to once" Select this using TCP/IP to the TCP/IP
to once and and the though to the that If the If TCP/IP to the the this to security function used. If the the the If TCP/IP to that then together other that hierarchical the and then the that they and together. Furthermore, of the as the group, and operations created. that group. that created. You of about the The the The icon(s) of the the displayed, "OK". the to the Grouping or Select this when to to of
and The icon(s) of the displayed the to the the displayed, "OK". Grouping or from the Right-click and "New" "Group". Procedure C Right-click the icon(s) to to the created Grouping or and You this operation selecting the If displayed, from the New the while to the below. The following displayed. The of the displayed as The using the the to and then Grouping or the the of the to or selected, the when the Select this to that the group. If this used. to of as the first character. This selects the group. If created, this selected. Select the icon(s) to Grouping or You this selecting New It when creating group.
and Carry search to the If the or IP The they or EMP Procedure Right-click or and Then right-click the You these operations using the and Procedure that manually The of selecting than the as Right-click the the or that to Grouping or and the the Ctrl the while clicking the If that You this selecting the More than selected selecting that the and to of displayed, "OK". Grouping or icons. follow. "IP and then "Search". the If the "Search" the IP the the that displayed. If the IP displayed, "OK". C the to the "Change". the whose or IP or Procedure that search
Grouping and switched as follows. to switch This the of You of the below. hierarchical Click the and "Grouping or using Grouping Procedure If the round that there Grouping the the the of the another below them. of This the of each as that the You items as and items using as Grouping
Network authentication The and their below. or incorrect when the Network Network (TCP within the group. the warning or the or Warning or of the the displayed top of the The the indicating the internal of the to On internal or high-temperature to the operating high increasing when the displayed, that Network to ON or to Network ON the that the turned that the LAN connected. the following items. The If right-click the and the to the that monitored. EMP closed. EMP displays The information that when updated the to Click "Refresh" the to the that the correctly connected to the or Warning or The following operations the Grouping
To the of within Grouping Each the the that that or and and the to The of displayed as of which the to. of
High-temperature The and their below. the information or warning/problem the following Clean Notice High-temperature warning The monitored. If right-click the and the to the that monitored. The occurred the or Warning or High internal High-temperature when the or incorrect Network authentication Network (TCP updated flow Iris flow Flow Flow Other to group, the of the that the to displayed. Network Shows the the the and and off and off and The following the internal of the the operating the
Select "Option" from the Procedure top of the The the indicating the internal of the to On The Option displayed. You the that Network to ON or to Network ON the that the turned that the LAN connected. the following items. that the correctly connected to the The information that when the to EMP closed. EMP displays Detectable information with the Click "Refresh" the to the item that the to the the boundary the right of the of the of the item Select the of the item to C Click "OK". You the items to displayed Selecting items
With displayed of the of The the that the selected displayed the hierarchical Grouping and You using as such as or IP Sorting using the Click the item of the to as the Searching Procedure the the following operations, appears the and the when Grouping or displayed, and The displayed as the the the of the and and the The searching when displayed Select from the The following displayed. Procedure The below. Select from the The displayed. Procedure
with or warning Select the of the and the displayed. If If the the of the information, Select "Warning and from the the that displayed. The following Warning and displayed. You of the which or warning Procedure Right-click the the to to when the turned If the selected, EMP EMP authority to this function. the or the C Click "OK".
information Shows the or the following The and their below. the or High flow High-temperature Flow Flow and and off and off and Source the input that selected the DVI or HDMI or Computer1 the operating the the the the You the Detectable information with the Iris Other USB Computer2 MP BNC You the of and Checking Procedure The following the internal of the High-temperature warning LAN USB You of the following to the the Grouping Right-click Grouping and Property High-temperature warning
Right-click or and Property Right-click and then Property specified If the that or displayed. the If displayed, the the of the the firmware and of such as what EMP You once them.
output to On the The The and the that Select from the displayed. Procedure and of from that recorded from the the and of EMP operations tion displayed, "OK". Procedure
the the functions and to of that selected Click the of to Grouping or The of selecting than the You of selected selecting than Grouping or and clicking as follow. Carrying using buttons If that that and that to the the Ctrl the while clicking the and to of
the If the function, switch the input using the The following shows the of the buttons. the On or If or function that connected with of the You to and the buttons to operations when the following nothing displayed. Switches the input to the BNC Switch BNC Switches the input to the Computer1 or Switch Computer1 Switches the input to the Computer2 Switch the off. operations with Warning and Carrying using Switches the input to the Switch (BNC) Switches the input to the or Switch (RCA) Switches the input to the DVI or HDMI Switch DVI, HDMI Switches the input to the Switch The and the displayed. Grouping or and Right-click the of to Procedure You the computer's to the Switches the input to the D4 Switch Switches to or EasyMP.net. Switch Switches to USB Switch USB the as the the Switches the input to the currently EMP NS Switch LAN connected USB Switches the input to the A) Switch USB
the functions The the the following You and right-click them to when the following displayed. The that and operations that this below. and others the of the the the other than the Warning and operations with warning This carrying operations such as turning and off specified every or Carrying selected, the that displayed. which shown to switch to the the or month. or Click Selects or to the of. the The following and then the Select from the only, or once group. Procedure Switches the that selected from the and Enabled/disab selected from the If selected the the that "Procedures Shows of the that selected from the
The that and they completing the "OK". the displayed the functions and the applied. Click the The following Procedure Procedures You and of the that Select or from the At Operation, the operations of turning the and off and switching the input the switching, the the the of this, to turning the and the If the input switching the input
The function displayed. function or warning. this function, the the to If to Network ON or Network to to when that connected to the or to to three and when (when its turned Detectable with the function with the On the function the The function to If with which to of or when the ON the the and EMP the both the the notifying of the location from the to of them once. off). function functional. to ON to the function. function of the SMTP specify this The the IP of the SMTP to of SMTP IP the while to the below. You from to to of to three Specify the the the to of Select function" from the Procedure
function C Click and the items the that appears. and to the to notified. The function appears Click "OK". the "OK".
The the of the following. of problem/warning/status If there than warning, or the that shown below to the specified If the or to of problem/warning/status displayed Grouping or displayed Grouping or the following shown Item High-temperature warning High internal flow (Please the below)> the and that the the connected the turned Clean Notice Flow Flow
of problem/warning/status Stop using the the from the and Other Network to ON and that the turned and the LAN connected, and that to Network ON. Network (TCP connected to the that the correctly Network Iris to inform that the recovered from the or warning the authentication Network
The and operations It recommended that If without OK The displayed, the and then "OK". to strengthen security. as Application function authority. and closing EMP and when the You the to third from operating to the This that the the EMP and from without easily and security. when the applied. Application function Switching and Carry the following operations while Select from the The displayed. Procedure Select the The and operations other than and closing EMP and the Select "Application from the the Procedure The to length. C the both the "New and "New boxes and then "OK". characters used. Select "Application from the Procedure the
when with Troubleshooting Troubleshooting that the connected correctly. If the connected correctly, the connected to the correctly? the the Network command. the to the correctly that the connected correctly. If the connected correctly, the to the correctly? or the the Network command. the to the correctly to ON to the function when the the Network or or Network ON. the and the SMTP IP correctly? the Network to ON or Network ON? or Uninstall EMP and then the the EMP correctly? the that to or the momentarily If the to causing the the Network or to EMP to and the when to ON or Network ON. the Network to ON or Network ON? or interrupted, or the the the supply to the location where the that the connected to tripped. to the
and of their respective owners. NT, of Microsoft and EasyMP.net of Corporation. Other Corporation the United States of America and other countries. of Apple Computer, Inc. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights of Corporation. and rights those Notices Notices rights of this reproduced, with to the of the information mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without Neither from the the written of Corporation. or or of the information Copyright Notice CPD-27479 or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or products other than those as Products or Corporation or incurred the purchaser or third as of: from the of options or strictly comply with Corporation's operating and Products Corporation. This information to without instructions.