USER'S GUIDE
Professional II EPSON
Y73599I00500
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. of the through the to such as or of the people to the the the or and to the heating or sunlight. heat the and the top and back of the or cover these I0. to the or the specified the The should operated from the type of indicated the rear the grounding-type the rating products the outlet the the rating of the the interface with non-shielded the from the and the cleaning. cloth cleaning.
brightness permanently the To or that (such as telephones, televisions, or screwdrivers) the the turn off the least seconds back the of the cord. the from the outlet and servicing to authorized service the following A. If the or B. If the with such as or C. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions; of other and often technician to the to operation. D. If the or the or E. If the performance Professional II
Introduction Professional II high- performance, with graphic The that and high such as CAD/CAM/CAE and It offers the following features: 20-inch CRT with and IU factory-set including VGA, VGA (8514/A), non-interlaced and with refresh of to to -I !J of from to and from to LCD which allows to the of the easily and other Three and TTL or and TTL -I High-resolution of to fast, refresh of to Three which the of white the K, or Professional II
A with the Swedish (MPR-2, VLF/ELF) IU HEA -I and One VGA and BNC which of interface options and the of connecting or to This instructions to and the It to the buttons to and the and or and other It the factory-set and troubleshooting information and specifications. Professional II
Where to If purchased the United States, America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the Customer Technical with the installation, and operation of products -I locating Authorized or Service of ribbons, and Customer Relations technical information service-also directly the Product with technical and products locations. If purchased the United States, please or the location and service. International locations the back cover of this Professional II
the the items shown below. WARNING the people to To the the only or If anything or immediately. warranty and Complete the and to information. the warranty records. Professional II AC interface
the to the and to the location the the following Follow the instructions the of this or that enough to the of and and to and the IJ comfort, to the directly front of and about from To and reduce the that sunlight, or overhead lights directly the The (VGA) and BNC The interface that with the VGA each to the VGA and to VGA Professional II
Alternatively, purchase interface and to the BNC the BNC to which interface and BNC to with If or VGA the interface that with the the of the BNC necessary, and purchase the interface Then the interface to the connector(s). Connecting the to the to to and/or with the If necessary, and DIP switches or the to match the You to the and/or instructions. If to or to instructions. Follow these to the to the and other peripheral turned off. The off when the the of the from the as shown the following Professional II
Turn the around the back VGA BNC CO nectors AC Professional II high switch
of the interface that with the the VGA D-SUB INPUT and the screws the the other of the the interface and the screws. and/or instructions.) the the AC the back and then grounded (earthed) The to VAC) supply, to the of supply. Professional II If to the interface, the (the factory as only with the switch to HIGH this and lowers the HIGH/75SZ switch to 75Q
Turn the around the and the and to the the top of the should slightly below when front of the of sight to the should about to below the to IT with Professional II
Connecting of to One the BNC or to and other To or to the following: #-I One interface with VGA and with BNC the other These and and stores. the interface the to each other the and Also, using this the of the displayed the monitor(s). It to than three to If than three the slightly each Interface with interface with BNC each VGA and BNC Professional II interface with BNC both and T-BNC each
To to the interface follow the below. If to three to the interface, follow these first Connecting three monitors the and other off. If already connected to its from the and the AC Then the interface from the and the each of the to the first BNC as shown below. To this, the the with the the and the Then while turning clockwise as as fits Professional II
the as each of the to the the first as shown below. The following the shows to match each with the Professional II Connecting the to the White or
the VGA the the VGA interface and the screws. 75Q interface to each the first as shown below. Then each 75Q interface to the BNC the the from the to the BNC V, the from the to the BNC H/(H+V), and The the shows connected to the interface. Professional II
the first Professional II HIGH/75Q switch to HIGH and the switch to -s- ;I as shown below. _I II -I--=- -E-~ --II ---I
each the AC its back and then grounded (earthed) Connecting three To three to interface, follow the as as these to the BNC the first and the interface to the interface and the the first the monitors To the of the the switches to HIGH the the and the switch to 75R. three to the switches the as shown below. If of the connecting HIGHI75R switch, permanently to only as the below). o 75Q interface to the first to the and the to the third switches as the top of this Professional II
Turning On the Follow these to and monitor(s): Turn (If the the the LCD the To the the the of the The LCD first displays and then release where firmware release Then the or three seconds while the internal tests. Professional II LCD
If the the LCD displays where the of If the the the LCD the found. This the the the memory. If to the as (The properly and the LCD to found.) If the LCD displays H/V SYNC OFF, SYNC OFF, or SYNC OFF, Troubleshooting. If displays another the section Troubleshooting. You first the when the LCD the of the or found. If the or about seconds, the off the LCD. the LCD off, To the LCD back when the of the or found, the or or right) of the Brightness or To the LCD back when displays Select, MEM SEL. Professional II
The The buttons shown below. The the their Function Memory buttons Professional II If Memory Memory Brightness #I
buttons The following sections information to the buttons. While using the buttons to the the LCD If buttons seconds, however, the LCD redisplays the of the or found. To to the FUNCT. Professional II
the of The allows to the input to match the type of input the The input D-SUB or BNC. If interface connected to the VGA the input should D-SUB. If connected to the BNC the input should BNC. The arrow the right of the LCD to the input (If the LCD off, the Brightness or to back the below, the arrow to D-SUB. If the input matches the type of input the the LCD displays the of the such as or found. connected interface to the VGA and the input D-SUB, the arrow to D-SUB, as shown If the input match the type of input the the LCD flashes the H/V SYNC OFF. Press INPUT SEL once to the input You the and then the LCD displays the of the or found. If buttons seconds, the the input
the Brightness and To the the clear and easy-to-read, the Brightness and (shown below) to and the and The Brightness the background intensity and the the intensity of the To the and follow these To the brightness, the or of the Brightness The LCD displays of such as Brght If the LCD flashes H/V SYNC OFF INPUT SEL, Troubleshooting. Brightness Press and the of the Brightness to increase the or the to reach the the of At the arrow appears the right of the Professional II
with the of the release the Brightness seconds, the LCD displays the of the or found. If seconds, the brightness off the the To the and the of that the displays The Professional II that to industry-standard and The memory fourteen factory-set to the factory-set or the LCD displays where the of the (If the LCD off, the Brightness or to back The factory-set through and the through To the the factory-set or If to to factory-set the factory Professional II
The selects which to It the input (the and polarity of the and from the the its memory, and the The input the and The sections below to factory-set and each of the four the following to this as follow the below. Function the Press and the phase of the to the or the to the right. the of the Press and the of the to reduce the of the or the to increase its Professional II
(continued) Height of to to the phase, and height, the and and to the of these however, the as whole and apply to Sections this to the and and Professional II Function the vertically. Press and the of the to the or the to the the height of the Press and the of the to reduce the height of the or the to increase its height.
the factory-set or the the the LCD displays the of the follow the below to its (If the LCD off, the Brightness or to back Press FUNCT. The LCD displays the of such as Phase The to the the You the as or FUNCT the of to to the vertically, FUNCT the LCD displays To the when the LCD displays Professional II
the the as the and Press FUNCT the of the to and then the and with the Professional II Pressing FUNCT the the the below. You MEM RCL to through the LCD phase Height to these apply to Sections this to them. If FUNCT when the LCD displays the LCD displays such as To from this RED MEM SEL Phase T-
Recalling Factory-set finished the MEM SEL. The LCD displays Select where the of the (If to to the MEM SEL The LCD displays the of the To MEM STORE. The LCD the of the (If factory-set and to the factory the section.) You the information factory-set the factory-set the the the LCD displays factory-set through follow the this section to its factory (If the LCD off, the Brightness or to back You the factory-set If MEM RCL when the LCD through or found, the factory-set the phase, and height You or Professional II
Press MEM SEL. The LCD displays Select Press MEM RCL. You the Confirm To that to the factory the MEM RCL You the while the the factory Then the LCD displays the of the Creating the LCD displays found, and to (If the LCD off, the Brightness or to back Follow these to Press FUNCT. The LCD the of such as Phase The to the the You the displayed as or FUNCT the of to to the vertically, FUNCT the LCD displays Professional II (where from through and the factory-set
Pressing FUNCT the the the below. You MEM RCL to through the to these apply to Sections this to them the the as the and Press FUNCT the of the to and then the and with the phase Height If FUNCT when the LCD displays the LCD displays such as To from this RED MEM SEL LCD o ------A~ I-- Height Conv Conv
finished the MEM SEL. The LCD displays Select (where from through and the first If arrow appears the there currently information this the memory. To the displayed MEM STORE. The LCD displays the of the Professional II If the LCD displays Select nt(where from through the already The arrow the that information this the memory. If to the previous information this to If to another another the or of the button. to to the the select. information the previous information the (If to this MEM SEL The LCD redisplays found.)
the and Convergence You the and to the the highest and when the red, and beams To the and follow these Press FUNCT. The LCD displays the of such as Phase The to the the To the FUNCT the LCD displays Conv. Pressing FUNCT the the the below. You MEM RCL to through the to the and apply to phase Professional II LCD Phase
as reference, the and beams the and completely white. To this, and the Professional II If FUNCT when the LCD or of the to the and beams or them together, as shown the below. (The beams of to and the factory the beams beams To the FUNCT the LCD displays Conv. To from this o UP UP
as reference, the and beams the and completely white. To this, and the or of the to the and beams or them as shown the below. (The beams of to and the factory the beams seconds, the LCD displays the of the or found. If buttons seconds, the and off the the Professional II
Selecting the The of the the of red, and and therefore the of white the If to the of white, choose factory-set or as the factory-set K) of white and K) of white. to the apply to To follow these Press FUNCT. The LCD displays the of such as Phase The to the the Press FUNCT the LCD displays Pressing FUNCT the the the following You MEM RCL to through the Professional II
the LCD displays the K. the LCD displays the K. the the LCD (The section to phase o o o o o o If FUNCT when the LCD displays To the the of the to the displayed or the to increase The of white the when the LCD C o o C o o C o Professional II
To follow these Follow and to To the the or of the the LCD displays Press FUNCT. The LCD displays such as RED To the (red, or to FUNCT the LCD displays its To the amount of the the displays, and the or of the of to the amount of the of white the Press FUNCT to the to Then the amount of the as Professional II seconds, the LCD displays the of the or found. If seconds, the off the another WARNING It to the background the the characters and the background This the to and
with the of white buttons least seconds. seconds, the LCD displays the of the or found. seconds, the the as Press MEM SEL to from seconds, the LCD displays the of the or found. Reducing You the (shown below) to and impurity, such as the caused If or interference Press the to the To interference, Professional II
the To the operating its to regularly. Follow these Turn off the lint-free cloth to the cloth. To the household cloth; then the Troubleshooting This section to If these the information where to of the this section with The LCD these or seconds. the switching of or of these when the from to another. If appears only or seconds, this with the Professional II
The and the LCD The Press the The when the the the AC the back and the the operation of the outlet or other to or service the The and the LCD displays FF or SYNC OFF*. H/V SYNC OFF*, the turned the interface properly connected to the VGA and to the interface. If the BNC interface properly connected. Connecting the to Computer or Connecting or to One Press INPUT SEL the once to the input the of with the and that DIP switches or the or properly. and /or instructions. Professional II
to to match or service the The and the LCD SYNC FF the brightness and as or service representative; the There the the LCD The operating properly. If the or buttons about seconds, the off the LCD. the LCD off, To the LCD back when displays the of the or found, the or of the Brightness or To the LCD back when displays Select, MEM SEL. The LCD displays found. The the the memory. You as or The operates properly and the LCD to found. Professional II
The the the phase and/or as The too or too the the and/or height as The the and as The servicing. You to the of white the Select another as or as There the or the distorted. There or because interference Press the that from the Reducing Impurity Professional II
One of You connected or to and the Professional II interface properly connected to the connector(s). If connected their switches to If connected than monitors, their switches as the top of the interface the to each other the and and as as To to than three to
Additional the displayed LCD OUT OF RANGE* OUT OF RANGE* PLL UNLOCKED DEF FAILURE DEF FAILURE HI VOL FAILURE GEN FAILURE T- The input of The input of There the There the There the high There or with the the input of the within the to the input of the within the to or service the or service the or service the Turn off the seconds, and then back If this the or service the or service the
Factory-set The below the the factory-set Factory-set VGA Unit Clock Active C Active msec Active msec msec msec msec msec polarity Professional II
factory-set Active L. Active msec msec msec msec msec msec Professional II
factory-set I- Clock Active Professional II
Factory (continued) Professional II
Factory-set Clock polarity I+ Professional II Unit msec I*
Specifications CRT inches phosphor) Pitch Phosphor Light Deflection treatment HEA with coating inches inches or inches inches Aspect ratio or and to refresh Professional II
Interfacing input to (refresh One VGA BNC V, H/(H+V), B, G, and combined, and red) Professional II RGB high or (switch-selectable) and TTL or and TTL to to 75R
AC to CEE 22-6A to RH (non-condensing) MTBF UL, CSA, DHHS, and VDE supply and selection to VAC and to VAC hours Professional II -4F to +140F to RH
Function Memory Memory Memory Brightness phase, Physical Characteristics inches Height inches inches Professional II switch
and Professional II
Connectors interface VGA If to the BNC the below to which interface and BNC to with BNC Professional II
MADE IN ITALY A804341 2.6-1.6A T1185U AN069247 II II II I~11111 IIII III III1 III III III II11