EMP V4.22
of The following shows the this with of what they Indicates where related topic or Click the to that Indicates information that related to topic or which to know. Indicates something that or to the CAUTION CAUTION TIP Indicates the of or or item
that EMP to the Following of the and functions that EMP operations such as the of EPSON that connected to and the from the using EMP then to from the that detected. the searched automatically, and You the IP to them. and of information such as input and and then the operating or the The (ON/OFF) and or You of or that of the of these assigned to that they and The that to the To to and when they the following the information. EMP TIP to the the selected or as and then operations the selected such as turning the or to If there actions which and off and switching their input the to "Network ON". "Network to "ON". such as with that You to which function
authority to XP/ EMP EMP supported. Compatible that of the OS used, the EMP displayed the selected the EMP from correctly. PROCEDURE or XP Edition SP1 or The following operating XP Professional SP1 or Edition SP1 Professional SP4 NT4.0 SP6 OS that terminate that To from occurring the installation, Turn the the following CD-ROM "EPSON Software or Software The MMX or higher II or higher recommended) CPU MB or MB or recommended) Memory capacity From with the following the Operations the become the EMP which allow to of If this with higher specifications. transmitted. SVGA or higher or higher MB or
using EMP the following You authority to the of EMP using the information the If this information required, the "EMP V4.22" the installation, this found EMP the and "C:sers\(User V4.22" If using TCP/IP the and to If using NT4.0, XP, or The and the connected to the commercially-available TCP/IP EMP the to the the following EMP the connecting to the and EMP operations
and and that located the with. using search (Searching that located the that the the EMP associated The operations to the search where the connected to the This when EMP the first the the each EMP from that and when to Once that of the the of to search and Click (or [EPSON [EMP V4.22] that to EMP Starting EMP PROCEDURE The displayed. "Grouping
and search and the of the If appear the specifying IP that displayed. Click [Search]. (Searching and that search located the The Right-click "Grouping and "New" If displayed, "New" search)" from the search)". displayed. Procedures search PROCEDURE TIP that TCP/IP You this selecting search)" from "New" the detected.
and This shows the IP the IP This shows the that the Select the to and then the while to the following The following displayed. Procedures If the this If the to the that to and the though This selected when search. This selected when search. TCP/IP You of about the The the to of Select this when to the to the To other and the displayed, [OK]. searched each EMP that search started. TIP the of the to displayed to of as the first character. or Select the icon(s) to displayed "Grouping or selected. to If created, this Select when group. once"
and and then the and Select the "Specify and search" the The icon(s) of the the to the top-right of the or To the operation, the "Grouping and "Grouping or the of to search and searching and the of the that displayed. Click [Search]. that TCP/IP detected. PROCEDURE TIP The Right-click "Grouping and "New" If displayed, "New" search)" from the search)". displayed. Procedures search
and This shows the IP the IP This shows the that the TCP/IP Select the to and then the while to the following The following displayed. Procedures If the this If the to the that to and the though This selected when search. This selected when search. You of about the The displayed the to of Select this when to The icon(s) of the the top- to using the right of the or "Grouping and To the operation, "Grouping or the to the To other and the displayed, [OK]. the of the to to of as the first character. "Grouping or Select the icon(s) to displayed "Grouping or selected. to If created, this Select when group. once"
and the "IP and then [Search]. If using TCP/IP and to the IP of the to the and then [Search]. the TCP/IP the displayed, [OK]. specifying IP searching the information the to while to the below. the of the to displayed to of as the first character. "Grouping or If displayed, "New" Right-click "Grouping and "New" The following displayed. from the PROCEDURE Select the icon(s) to displayed or selected. to If created, this Select when group. once" This shows the that the This shows the IP that IP Select this TCP/IP to the TCP/IP If TCP/IP to the the You this operation selecting from "New" the TIP
and to group" other that hierarchical that then together that they and together. Furthermore, of the as the group", and operations such as the following created. that group". once If the this though If If the to the that the security function to and the TCP/IP to the used. Branch You of about the The the to of Lobby Conference Convention Branch The icon(s) of the displayed the to the the displayed, or [OK]. Select this when to the and then the that created. Conference Reception Branch C
and You this selecting "Group" from "New" the TIP If displayed, "New" "Group" from the the while to the below. Right-click "Grouping and "New" The following displayed. "Group". PROCEDURE The icon(s) of the displayed the to the the displayed, "Grouping or [OK]. created "Grouping or Right-click the icon(s) to to the and You this operation selecting from the TIP the of the group(s) to displayed to of as the first character. "Grouping or the the to group" and then The of the displayed as or TIP Select the icon(s) to displayed "Grouping or This selects the group. If created, this selected. Select this to that when the the group. If this selected, the It when creating group. used. The the
and that search PROCEDURE If the or IP the whose or IP "Grouping or Carry search to the Right-click "Grouping or and Then right-click the and that manually PROCEDURE If the IP the IP [Search]. the displayed, [OK]. If the the "IP and then [Search] the that displayed. You these operations the TIP the to the [Change].
and The they or using EMP Right-click the the or that to "Grouping or and The of selecting than the as the the while clicking the If "Grouping that than selected selecting that the the displayed, [OK]. and to of icons. or follow. PROCEDURE You this selecting from the TIP
"Grouping of "Grouping This the of hierarchical "Grouping You using of the below. "Grouping "Grouping the the the of the You items as This the of each as that the and items as round there another them. that If the below "Grouping Click the and or and switched as follows. to switch PROCEDURE
the indicating the internal of the top of the operating high internal The of the displayed, to the or the becomes abnormally the increasing when the internal to "On" The and their below. the or that "Network to "ON" or that the correctly connected to the to "Network ON" the that the turned that the LAN connected. the following items. within the group. the and the The monitored. If right- to the that monitored. the or Warning or displays updated the to Click [Refresh] the to the EMP closed. The EMP The information that when TIP or updated Each the the that that displayed or and The following operations "Grouping the when the or incorrect Network authentication Warning or To the of within "Grouping and the to Network Network (TCP
to the that monitored. The If right-click the and the of when the or incorrect Network authentication Network (TCP The of as of which the to. to group, the of the that the to displayed. Network and the the the and High-temperature warning The following the internal of the off and the operating the off and The and their below. occurred the Warning or or the High-temperature warning The
displays updated the Detectable information with the to Click [Refresh] the to the EMP closed. The EMP The information that when TIP information: or warning/problem using the following Clean Notice You the items to displayed Selecting items High internal High-temperature Select "Option" from the The "Option" displayed. PROCEDURE Flow Iris flow Flow Other Cover the indicating the internal that "Network to "ON" or of the displayed top of the that the correctly connected to the You the to "Network ON" the to "On" that the turned that the LAN connected. the The the following items.
and and the The useful searching when displayed Searching Select the of the item to Select from the PROCEDURE of the of the item right of the item that the to the boundary the the Click [OK]. With displayed of the of You as such as or IP Sorting that the selected displayed the The the hierarchical "Grouping and Click the item of the to as the PROCEDURE
Select from the The displayed. PROCEDURE when "Grouping or displayed, appears the and the the using the following operations, The as the and the the of the the Select the If the selected, EMP when the turned using EMP Right-click the the to to authority to this function. the the or Click [OK]. TIP
The and their below. Shows the or the You of the which or warning with or Source: the input that selected the and off and Hours: the operating the the the and off and Select "Warning and from the The following "Warning and displayed. PROCEDURE DVI or HDMI Computer2 or Computer1 BNC the of the and the If the displayed. High-temperature The following the internal of the If the that displayed. High-temperature warning
You the of and Checking information: the warning or the following You of the following to the Right-click "Grouping and then "Property". the "Grouping Right-click "Grouping and then "Property". specified High internal Flow High-temperature warning If or that displayed. the flow Iris Flow Other Detectable information with the *You the warning the TIP
browser, of such as what the EMP You once them. and Right-click or and "Property". to "On" the The TIP The and the that Select from the displayed. PROCEDURE firmware the operations and of from that the displayed, [OK]. and of EMP Select from the recorded PROCEDURE
the the off. the On Click the of to "Grouping or and to of that selected than "Grouping or and clicking the the while clicking the You of selected selecting The of selecting than the If that that and that to and to of the as follow. Carrying Switches the input to the [Computer1] or [Computer] Switches the input to the [Computer2] Switch Switches the input to the Switch Switches the input to the [BNC] Switch BNC Switch Switches the input to the or the Switches the input to the Switch Switches the input to the [DVI] or [HDMI] Switches the input to the [D4] Switch Switch Switch DVI, HDMI buttons Switches to or EasyMP.net. Switch The following shows the of the buttons.
the functions You the to the Carrying or If button or function You to and the buttons to operations when the following connected with of the displayed. each that nothing TIP Right-click the of to "Grouping or and PROCEDURE Warning and operations with warning the as the the to the the The and the displayed. Warning and operations only with warning You and right-click them to when the following displayed. TIP
the functions The that and operations that this below. selected, the Selects or to the of. that displayed. only, or This carrying operations such as turning and off specified every or every once group. Carrying which shown to switch to the the the previous or month. or Click Shows of the Select from the The following and then the PROCEDURE Switches the that selected from the and that selected from the If selected the the that selected from the [Disabled] [Enabled] and others it the of the the the The the of the the following other than the
the functions displayed and the applied. the following Procedures the of this, and off and switching the input switching, the the At "Operation", the operations of turning the necessary to turning the the the If the input and switching the input The that and completing the [OK]. they the TIP Select or from the You and of the that
the function The function" the following displayed. or or warning. when the location from the The function to to when that to the this function, the of or Detectable with the function with the On the function the to to "ON" the the to If with which to (when its turned off). the when the both the the and EMP to three and If to "Network ON" or "Network notifying of the to of them once. information. functional. TIP to "ON" to the function. to of the IP of the SMTP function SMTP IP specify this The of the SMTP You from to the to of PROCEDURE to three to of Specify the the Select function" from the
the function the [OK]. Click and the items the that appears. the function" appears and to the to notified. Click [OK].
notifying the of problem/warning/status issued information. High-temperature If the or If there than warning, or the that shown below to the specified to Clean Notice Flow Flow displayed "Grouping or or the following <Problem/warning/status (Please "Grouping the below)> shown Item the the and that the the connected turned from the and Stop the the Iris Other information. The the of the following. that the turned "ON" or to "Network that "Network to and the LAN connected, and ON". that the correctly connected to the Network (ESC/ Network (TCP High internal to inform that the recovered from the or warning the authentication Network flow
Application function without It that The and operations The displayed, If [OK] the and then [OK]. to strengthen security. as to the This that the EMP and from without authority. and EMP and when the You the to third from operating the easily and security. when the applied. Switching and Select from the The displayed. Carry the following operations while PROCEDURE other than and closing EMP and The and operations Select "Application lock" from the the lock. the PROCEDURE "New boxes and then [OK]. the both the "New and The to length. characters used. the "Application from the the PROCEDURE
Troubleshooting when or with the the "Network" command. information. the correctly. information. the connected to the correctly? correctly the to the Uninstall EMP and then the the command. information. the correctly. information. the connected to the correctly? correctly the to the the EMP correctly? "Network or To the function while the to "ON" or "Network ON" the information. the the SMTP IP and correctly? the "Network or to "ON" or "Network ON"? to "ON" or to EMP to the "Network and the when or "Network ON". information. the the "Network or to "ON" or "Network ON"? the that to or If the the information. to momentarily causing the interrupted, or the the the to the location where the outlet that the connected to tripped. to the
of Microsoft Corporation of the United States and EasyMP.net of Corporation. NT, and or of Corporation. of Apple Inc. the United States and other countries. Notice: or transmitted or with to the of the information mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without Neither from the the written of Corporation. rights of this reproduced, of the information and of their respective owners. Other and rights those or of this or repairs, Neither Corporation its to the incurred purchaser or third as of: purchaser of this or third or or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or products other than those as Products or from the of options or Products Corporation. and this publication from and The of this or updated without further 411382700EN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights