CX11NF
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. each to and of the copyright when While countries copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright and and of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Notice
Introduction This chapter the that included with CX11NF, and to the and About This to and with CX11NF. It to specify and and troubleshoot fax-related Please follow these throughout: Warning: to to to Notes information about hints faxing. instructions and software information to Network You to this from the software CD-ROM to to information about scanning, and copying, information about on-screen Introduction
to To the the The appears the LCD If the while the to the You and from If than and the CX11NF to the Introduction
Accessing You the through the the LCD the CX11NF turned then the The light and the LCD displays seconds, and then to the the to the then the to the items the You the following from the Reception Factory the and to through the items, and then the to the indicated the selected or to the the Accessing
to the and to through then the to appears to the selected Press the to to the (higher) and items appear when optional or To the and switch to another of the following: Press the Copy or Scan to switch to the Press the to switch to the information these Introduction
You the or the (ADF). A4, and originals Please the following: You with the ADF. If both the ADF and the only the the ADF scanned. The might from the when than transmitted the CX11NF turned then the The light and the LCD shows seconds, then to the
off the or other while faxing. If than and the to the the or the the directly from the the these You of characters. To the used, the If the while the displayed the If incorrect the to character to the of the Pressing the or the or right. You the One or the Specify necessary. You the Quality, Reception, and Overseas Chapter Press the B&W and white or to the the black-and-white received as black-and-white the the CX11NF, choosing the from the the LCD You to numbers.
the function, to information the CX11NF If the the or the Press the The appears the LCD Press the or the selected, then the The selected appears the top the LCD You the directly. To the of the assigned the while the selected. To to the the or the Specify necessary. You specify the Quality, Reception, and Overseas To black-and-white the B&W To the the black-and-white as black-and-white the Press the
One-Touch assigned to One Touch or C to the the One button. Pressing One Touch or C the the one-touch function, to information. information, One Touch the transmitted as black-and-white the or the Press One or C The assigned to the appears the LCD and then Press One Touch Press to SEIKO EPSON
to group, the to the choosing the You to using the function, to information. information, the function, the transmitted as black-and-white that the If the to the the or Press the the The appears the LCD Press the or selected, then the The selected appears the top of the LCD To the of the group, the while selected. To to the the or the Specify necessary. You the Quality, Reception, and Overseas Press the B&W or to the Press the to
Canceling You the or the the While or received, the The LCD displays and the canceled. the You the to memory. the If the Press the button. Press the to Information and then the Press the to and then the The displayed. To memory, the or Reception selected, then the Select the incoming to from the Reception Press the or to the to and then the Press the or to confirmation, then the button.
There four The only. Item switching The received the attached and the CX11NF the phone specified the Attached Timeout The CX11NF and the The the attached reception TAM attached phone while incoming the CX11NF the To Incoming follow these Press the button. The light and the appears the LCD Press the to then the Press the to Reception then the button. Press the to Incoming then the
The Reception appears. Press the or to the reception then the To the the or of the buttons. Tones This function to the incoming attached To this function, the CX11NF to and Incoming Reception to to Switching. the incoming the attached Press the B&W or confirming the The as they received.
This function to the information the other partys the CX11NF If the the other partys using the Press the or appears, then the or to On hear sound or the B&W or to the Accessing You specify the following MP Incoming Autoswitching, only, only, TAM Attached Timeout to DRPD On, (Normal, the Press the The light and the appears the LCD Press the to then the The appears. Press the to Reception then the Press the or to the item would to then the the Attached the of seconds with the Polling
Press the or to To the the or of the buttons. Distinctive Detection CX11NF of distinctive telephone telephone telephone to that with distinctive The DRPD (Distinctive Detection) allows the CX11NF to distinguish DRPD to On Normal the CX11NF the and distinctive tones. DRPD to tone answered. Follow these to DRPD: Press the The light and the LCD displays seconds, and then to the Press the to then the Press the to Reception then the Press the three to DRPD then the Press the or to Normal or Then the The DRPD Press the to the further distinctive to telephone
You CX11NF to to another Follow these to forwarding: Press the The light and the LCD displays seconds, and then to the Press the to then the Press the four to then the selected, then the The appears. to the selected. information, appears selected. Press the or to the then the Press the once to then the Press the or to On then the The CX11NF ready to to the selected
If to using one-touch or to the information You to using the or the the LCD While using function such as sending/receiving or specifying to the You change, or one-touch or through the the If to as group, the EPSON Utility. the Only) You to the Press the button. The light and the appears the LCD Press the to then the The appears. Press the or to then the
selected, then the The appears. Press the or to the as then the Press the to then the To to the the Only)
the phone to and then the To while the to back character or the to The to the Follow these to the Press the The light Press the to then the The appears. Press the or to then the button. selected, then the The appears. the To the the Only) the
Press the or to the to change, then the selected, then the Press the to then the the then the To while the or the The to the the Follow these to from the Press the The light
Press the to then the The appears. Press the or to then the button. selected, then the The appears. To clear that the Clear and the Press the or to the to then the Press the to and then the Press the to confirmation, then the The the to One-Touch You assign from the to the three One Touch buttons or C Press the The light the
Press the to then the The appears. Press the or to then the Press the to One-Touch then the button. The One-Touch appears. Press the to one-touch or C as then the Press the to to assign to One Touch then the The selected assigned to One-Touch or C
One-Touch Follow these to from the assigned One-Touch or C Press the The light Press the to then the The appears. Press the or appears, then the Press the to One-Touch then the The One-Touch appears. Press the to or C then the Press the to then the the
Press the to confirmation, then the The assigned the one-touch the Only) You the Only) to as group, or to the to the CX11NF used. You or while or downloading To the Utility, to XP) or or EPSON and then The appears:
the CX11NF Then follow these to the the the of the then New The appears: Click the The appears: the Only)
Select the from the You from to the the Telephone Click the OK The to the to the to information, to Record to to the CX11NF. information, To to the cover
Editing Follow these to from the the from the Click the The appears: the to the information. Then OK The and displayed the the Follow these to from the the from the Click the At the Confirmation to the selected Once from the or One-Touch the Only)
Follow these to of as group. Click the The of appears: Click the
The appears: Select from the You from to From the from the then the to The to the group. each to to the group. finished the to the group, the OK The and appears the the Only)
Editing Follow these to or from group. the the from the then the The appears. to the group, and/or them. instructions. To finished, OK The and the the Follow these to group. the the from the Click the At the confirmation, to the selected group.
One-Touch Follow these to assign to One-Touch Click the One-Touch The One-Touch appears: Click the the to which to assign The appears: Select the from the then OK The assigned to the the Only)
One-Touch the One-Touch the Not the from which to At the confirmation, The from the assignment. Information the Follow these to to the cover Click the Information The Information appears. the to appear the cover the field, then the Record appears.
Click appears. Once the appears. Click OK To include the the cover the Info to On as Information or One-Touch to the information as and to the CX11NF. Follow these to or the to PC. From the or One-Touch the the Only)
The appears. Select location type then At the confirmation, OK The to with the .CSV.
Editing Information Follow these to the information the and Existing Click the to the CSV to Click Next The appears, of From or and or assign or reassign to one-touch the Only)
Information the EPSON the CX11NF the to Follow these to the information created and/or the to the While the One-Touch or Information the Record The Confirm appears: Click The information to the to other or the CX11NF the or the information corrupted.
You the the the and and the outgoing You the to to the following Reception (Incoming Factory
This allows to specify the the Item PSTN, PBX, FlashStart to characters to Country/Area Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand, Poland, Spain, U.K., U.S.A. English, Spanish, Swedish, Danish, Finnish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, This item and the only with EPSON Utility. to the country/area Press the the when to Press the the when to This allows to specify the following Item to Info On,
Reception This allows to the following reception Item MP Incoming switching, only, only, TAM to Timeout DRPD On, (Normal, This allows to specify the following items, as Chapter Item One-Touch Clear Clears information. This allows to the forwarding as Item On, displayed when This allows to when to the following Item Activity On, On, Only, Trans On, Only,
Factory The Factory item the to its factory and You the following or Quality Overseas Reception of to The the the the the CX11NF If the Press the to Press the or to specify You the the directly with the Press the to to the or other necessary.
Selecting You the from A4, B5, and The to the CX11NF If the Press the to Press the or appears. Press the to to the or other necessary. Selecting Quality black-and-white the to the type. the CX11NF If the Press the Qlty appears. Press the or appears. You the following Quality with (Quality) with the and background-clearance active. such as and S. this containing characters, (High Quality) graphics or thin Although the transmitted. with the and tonal from appearing the Press the three to the or specify other necessary. and
The received A4, B5, or the match the the of the to the as shown the below: Reduced reduced the only. the the the and the the location of the header information (head of the Overseas overseas, this function to On the CX11NF If the Press the or to Overseas Press the or to On or Press the to the Overseas or other necessary. A4
Reception This function to the the the CX11NF If the Press the to Press the or to On or Press the to the Polling or specify other necessary. Selecting You the of and the using the buttons. This function to the of when to to the to The of from to the of to Press the The light and the appears the LCD Press the to then the The appears. Press the to then the selected, then the Press the or to specify the of You the of the the To the the or of the buttons. Selecting
Information This function to information outgoing Info to On the of and the top of the instructions the the EPSON only). Press the the The light and the appears the LCD Press the to then the The appears. Press the to then the Press the to Info then the Press the or to On then the The shows the To the the or of the buttons.
Reports You of including reports and of information and Reports You the following reports or information to information and of Prints one-touch and information. Activity Prints of and received. Prints of Memory Info Prints information memory. the CX11NF If the Press the selected, then the Press the or to the or to then the button. The printed. Reports
(Communication) You the following of and Activity This and reception information. This information such as of and Trans This information Follow these to the Press the The light and the appears the LCD Press the to then the The appears. Press the or to (Communication) then the The appears. Press the or to the then the Press the or to the then the To the the or of the buttons. Reports On this To this automatically. On this each this when To this On this each using this when To this
Information This function confirms the or reception. Memory Info the memory the of to transmitted. Reception the of to printed. Follow the below to the Information Press the the The light and the appears the LCD Press the Press the to Info then the The Information appears. Press the to the information then the To the the or of the buttons. Information
Reports
This chapter to that might with the Action Turn off the then If the as memory the memory finished, then or Quality This appears when manually or when the memory function. and The of feeding The the If the item too the There might with the to. the There might with the phone Turn the the and the B&W or the If hear the phone To the Disconnect the from the phone and to to the
Unit If PBX the might them tone the the tone The the and Press the when the redialing. the necessary. the to the and ready to Incoming the Incoming to only. the phone and the yourself. information. If think there might the try the the memory. might memory to other of to or the If memory of these reasons, the appears the activity and the with the connected properly to phone there too connected to the the connected to the If and each Disconnect the from the phone and to to the the supply. If the of and its memory to the MP or the The of the memory and then
or the ADF and the ADF cover closed firmly. or incorrectly too light or only of the Reports If or activity correctly, correctly the following or such as with graphics, the The CX11NF the the the the which the or received high. higher typically quality, If the and the to the and the If the and the To the the If there the and the to and the If this the phone the there the MP or the the MP or the necessary. while the input memory and once the the of toner while The to of the recently the toner information, the the and the and of the If the connected to the
Where To Technical these technical services: and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product CX11NF) Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: to through and to to PM through or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase toner and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Notices This chapter instructions and information about the Instructions the CX11NF With Telephone the CX11NF with telephone follow these to reduce the of fire, shock, and injury: the CX11NF telephone There of shock from the to the vicinity of the the telephones AC the the that with the and the with other of another fire or shock. To reduce the of fire, only AWG or telecommunication cord. Notices
FCC United States This with of the FCC and the the ACTA. On the top of FAX MODEM board of this that other information, the US: BKMMM00BEU-96. If this to the telephone RJ11C this and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and adopted the ACTA. and with this It to to that instructions The REN to the of that connected to telephone the to areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the telephone products July the REN this of the that the US: BKMMM00BEU-96. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the If this EU-96 to the the telephone that temporary of service required. isnt the telephone the as as Also, of right to with the FCC necessary. The telephone its operations or that the of the If this the telephone to to service. If with this EU-96, or warranty information, please EPSON AMERICA, INC. If the causing to the telephone the telephone that the the This phone service the telephone to service to the service or corporation information.) The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the Notices
the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the of the or such business, other entity, or to this information should the FAX (EPSON Utility). According to the FCCs advisory, that AC the AC to which this connected. Telephone that typically to to AC and that this nationwide If specially connected to the telephone the of this EU-96 If about what telephone or This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to connected to interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the (IES) interface interface tous FCC
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: MFPP Notices
Inc. Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the and from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should Product service the warranty service and instructions. If service service, where to or the Product without or On-site service or instances. If service accomplished, the option to repairs authorized or to the the of service authorized and to and from the location. the of of the to freight as the U.S. and U.S. or Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the On or to the of the the that to the warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of quality, and, option, another of and products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty This warranty apply to refurbished or reconditioned products and This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty cover or of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover toner or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR America, Inc. Warranty
FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY. NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write to: Inc., P.O. CA Notices
CPD-19582R2 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX