rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This with protection. The property rights to the of this protection the of and others. employing this technology, from the Company. The authorize the of this of including disassembly, and prohibited. Reproduction of the of broadcast, performance, or of or thereof) without the of the copyright owner, strictly prohibited. This publication and the features to without and of Corporation. and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. Copyright Notice
lightweight that high-quality, anywhere and DVD, or offers these features: Flexibility to (or from to from or DVD of to with aspect ratio to ANSI of brightness, enough HDMI interface connecting high-end DVD with and DTS with DTS surround sound Long-life to hours of Two-year service warranty and Warranty with two-year carry-in warranty. offers free Service warranty the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or overnight Service to You using the CD that the products, and service. Welcome SM
Optional these and optional the Product (ELPLP43) V13H010L43 (ELPAF15) V13H134A15 security ELPSL01 and these and other optional wall-mountable Ceiling-mountable You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca About This the to and This information the of troubleshooting and specifications. Please follow these as through the followed to to to Notes: information about Tips: helpful U.S. or to You and and troubleshooting or with If the service. and the PIN the that with
and Remote Headphone USB Interface cover Press to cover cover HDMI input Service Computer/ Security foot release
Top or light warning light Turn or off back from or right cover to Turn or off
Remote Turn off or Turn or off from lighting The the to light Function/numerics DVD switch and light playback Access DVD
Follow the instructions this section to choose location, DVD and playback. Choosing Location You about anywherein the or You with optional or ceiling-mounted or white The following four To choose white with smooth projection, to coating the with to the Wall and
to directly front of the or to straight to the If the too too high, or off to the the to the instructions). The farther from the or the the The following the (measured that the affects aspect ratio Projection to to to to to to to aspect ratio Projection to to to to to to to
these the the within of or cord. than Wall and Projection To of or optional follow the this section. Wall You easily high white There or involved, and and the to that fits To the further, to the with that specially reflectivity and Projection Screen If or professional These coatings with reflective that brightness, and sharpness as as around the Projection mounting and as below. Considering Screen and theater DVD HDTV broadcasts, or other contentthe ratio where the the height. DVD and HDTV broadcasts the screen and The from to inches
which and TV broadcasts. Watching DVD or HDTV broadcasts ratio the and and below the to inches (the height as 80-inch such as as Considering Screen Mounting wall-mounted, or ceiling-mounted. these characteristics as choose which type would mounting Characteristics Wall-mounted Typically permanently Ceiling-mounted Typically permanently to factors Considering and Quality theater white or of high increase the of with light the light and the If theater with walls, and than white usually typical or family with reflected light, and Can locations Can of the wall-mountable Can of the as artwork Can of the recessed the and completely Can manually or and Can and around and of inflatable or
Screen the reflectivity of light reflective measured as rates, with as the reflectivity of white board. Highly reflective brighter the enough theater and the appear to from theater with surroundings and with than where the light or light, to with than to the brightness. the and to If the too too high, or off to the the to its The the both and the amount. the the then the to the right or the Left/right
the to reduce or the If the high enough, the and If rotated that the from the the as shown: If without rotating the top section and to the
If the its the buttons the to the the to the To or reduce the aspect ratio of the the the to Normal or the the switch the to the
the Sound To the the or buttons the or You the the to temporarily off the sound. Playback You the buttons the or the to fast-forward, or replay sections of or You items DVD the DVD titles. title of CDs and CDs tracks. There three to or track with To or CD or MP3 track, the or the To the or the To and the the or To the or the To and light the or temporarily or the or
To Pressing of the following or the off and the the off, and to the to Searching or To or through or CD, or the You and or the Each the the search (or shuttle) increases. To to Motion You or motion Press the Press repeatedly to the Press or to or motion. Each the the Press to to To to the chapter or track, the or To to the of the chapter or track, the or or Press to the to or the and buttons to around the necessary.
DVD top and include that chapters. To or To items or Then necessary. You title or chapter If to the buttons, to the switch the to the the switch, the the through To the then To the then To the then to the Temporarily or To temporarily the soundtrack (from the built-in or headphones), The to Press to To temporarily the off the and the The soundtrack to Press to the You to based the lighting the Press The currently selected the Press repeatedly the appears. seconds, the and the You from the following with bright light.
with the or closed. Theatre: with the or closed and the lights off; the tones. Theatre completely the tones. with high-speed bright the Sound and You switch sound and surround sound and from the type of (or To the sound the the You the displayed the To switch and VS To the You the the to the Action or CDs, the and
with Headphones headphones as shown below: headphones, hear sound from the built-in the to the headphones using the or Warning: the too high, when first the headphones. to high sounds hearing. high headphones.
with Other You of and to to further and such as TV, VCR, DVR, or TV receiver, or or other that USB containing or Optional bass tones input such as or other MP3 player to through such as AV or Surround Sound to from or to or hear through from Devices You to that HDMI, or To from these to white and to and inputs. HDMI the through the HDMI If both and higher quality. from of including and sound You which included with or purchased from connecting, off. the as shown the following with Other
TV, VCR, or DVD or TV or DVR, or photo or VCR, DVD or with Other White White
HDMI HD or TV receiver, HD DVR, or HD connecting or TV receiver, DVR, or RCA HDMI with Other
to follow these to the cords and the the cover and the or the Press the or the the the or up-arrow to the then If the HDMI HDMI Turn the to the connected then the or Normally, selects the aspect ratio automatically. If to the and Normal or the aspect, the the the switch the to the with Other
Connecting USB You USB such as or memory containing memory You or or the following of USB MP3 WMA JPEG the or other to the USB as shown below. Playback automatically. finished, the from the USB instructions MP3, WMA, JPEG, or the then the with Other
You subwoofer to sound and other with the RCA as shown below. the instructions included with the subwoofer information. and the subwoofer. Turn the of the subwoofer the sound. or other the instructions included with the information. You the using or and of other as and with Other RCA
Through You to receiver, amplifier, Surround Sound or To sound from the to input You which with or purchased from the turned off, then the as shown: Turn and or other with sound from You to the the connecting or PCM to that only with PCM. information, You of as and included) with Other
Connecting or You to or to or or or and hear You to and RCA (2-RCA to You purchase these from connecting, turned off. the or as shown. the and the the cover and the or the Press the or the the the or up-arrow to PC then Turn the to the connected or Switch the the or to or both and the Usually this function to through choices; instructions. with Other White RCA
If both the and to the to instructions. Normally, selects the aspect ratio automatically. If to the aspect, the the and Normal or the switch the to the with Other
Doing More with Follow the instructions this section to and advanced playback and features. and and You CDs and CDs or USB with MP3, WMA, and You JPEG CDs or USB CDs To CD, the You of the playback features, including and to the or previous track. instructions. You the buttons, as To the buttons, to the switch the to the To the when Press to the off. CDs, the off automatically. Doing More with
MP3/WMA or You MP3 or WMA and CDs, or USB information the of that supported. or USB that MP3, WMA, and/or of and/or Press or to or To to the or previous or Press or to the selected or finished the the automatically. To off the when To the back MP3 or WMA through the of the highlight the You the to the displayed. instructions. Doing More with
JPEG or USB that JPEG displayed slideshow. If of and/or and Press or to or then to the To or To the slideshow and thumbnail To the or of thumbnails, or To the of the and If or USB includes both and JPEG slideshow with To the of Select the and to Select the JPEG and to the slideshow. Doing More with
Advanced advanced or and selecting titles, or tracks. On that include or the easy to these features. Repeating Chapter, Title, Track, or You chapter or title DVD to continuously (or You CD or MP3, WMA, JPEG, or To chapter, title, or track, You the indicating the selected option. Press to through the options repeating. On DVD, chapter or title or On or CD, or or MP3, WMA, JPEG, and or To displayed the the You CD or chapters and titles DVD. to the CD or DVD. Press You the which allows to playback the switch the to the Doing More with
the to the to chapters, titles, or tracks). Press or to the If than or tracks, or to the or previous Next or Previous the and To or chapter and To the the and To the and the switch the back to the To the To playback, and Selecting and and allow to or from or If these features the buttons the to them. Press the the To the of the To You choice of or To Press the repeatedly to the option You the Playback information as of Doing More with
the Information You the playback and while DVD, or CD, or Press You information the following below the Press or to the item to and Select the and You the title, chapter, or the as To the buttons, to the switch the to the playback from the title, chapter, track, or selected. CDs with Playback (PBC) CD with playback (PBC), the following: To the item to or or the switch the to the then the buttons as To the or previous or when the displayed. To the playback, repeatedly the displayed. Doing More with
To the function, follow these Press to the Press or and to of the following (each displays or Track the first or seconds of each sequentially. the and the first or seconds of each Track each and the first or seconds of each To to the and To the and Select the to the arrow and Doing More with
You access, the sound, and other features of of these the or buttons the You to to from them. locked, to the DVD to Press to the Press the the You the Press the Others Press to highlight then to the Press to then Press to highlight then to Press to New the switch the to the then the buttons. The first to the first, then the the Confirm PWD using the buttons. Press to Once to the CD or DVD. If the to the Others Doing with
Press to the the the You the the to from turning and the (You the to of reach. You to holding the the least seconds. Warning: allow or to the when The bright light that their Press the You the Press to highlight Option then to Child Press Press or to On then Press to the You to the to The off when DVD than You to off while while watching. To the to from the following SLEEP OFF: The switches off of inactivity SLEEP The switches off the of specified, whether or You from to Doing More with
the the off. You the to the that allow to this selection. Press the the You the Press to highlight the then to the of OSD the Other the DVD or Press to the then to of To the Quality You the the to the brightness, tint, sharpness, and other that Press the You the Press to Press the option to Doing with
You the following items and Brightness (only NTSC Sharpness this switch to or the appears when This Press or to increase or the Press to the the Others The Others including CD and MP3/WMA/JPEG You services and to their Press the Press to the Others Press to highlight the then to or the option. Press to the option then to You choose from the following: the when than Select to off this PBC: Select o turn off playback when CDs. You the from brightness to or VOD this to This allows to purchase or through services (and them MP3/JPEG or USB that MP3, WMA, JPEG, or normally showing the and Select Without to the (the or slideshow automatically). Doing More with
Press and to to their factory the and hours). instructions locking instructions locking To the You with or recorded Press the the You the to the Press Press to highlight or Night then to You the following to connected to the Night Turn this DVD Press to the to then to To the You the to the and other Press the You the Press to highlight Option then to Press the option to Doing More with
You the following items: Normally, this to when If appears or interference, the Child Turn this to the the information. High Turn this to that overheat. Press or to the Press to the Information and the You the Info the to the of hours the used, and to the You information and that Press the You the Press to highlight Info then to the and other information. If the than hours, 0H displayed. To the the Press to Doing More with
The to the clean. You to the to overheating. Warning: of turn off and the cord. of as this the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this The should the and If another replacing, or servicer Follow the instructions this section to the and clean and the the and or Protecting The anywhere and its should to heat or sunlight, or of with typical please of to and other factors which to internal the warranty the the of Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears, lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the the with
Cleaning the clean the off and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and the cloth as as then the thinner, or other These the cleaners directly Cleaning and the Clean the and when builds or when the following The overheating. nothing the and or the If the cleaned periodically, become with This overheating and Press the to off and the and other office to clean the as shown. If clean the or to You purchase V13H134A15) from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
If to the the and off the cover. the and the the cover.
the The of the to hours. You the as If the shown to the Turn off this when to the of the Its to the when: The or to The warning light flashes The the appears the when If to the the the to You purchase V13H010L43) from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca to the instructions the the Follow these to the Turn off the and the cord. If the least hour. Warning: the cool If the the to Caring warning light
the screwdriver that with the the cover release to release the cover. the screws holding the (You cant these screws.) the as shown and straight The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the
Gently the and its screws. Dont the of the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the assembly. To the cover, the and then the cover the cover the to the as the section. the the and the to Press the You the Press to highlight Info then to Press You the following the Select and to the The displays hours) the least hours.
Follow these when the and of the within the recommended the to F to C) and to relative without ejected. the and the the from the its or (as the following section). Transporting incurred and If to follow these to repairs, the If the of cushioning around the of and that If from internally or the To that might caused approximately hour If off the then hour or hand-carrying ejected, the cover closed, and the retracted. as shown below. the top section to the interface cover while carrying Caring
This section to lights, and technical What To the Lights The lights top of its and when If lights off, the correctly. The light Press the to The On light flashing the to appear. The light flashing cooling the light flashing The flashing Press the to to operation.
The light and the light Press the or to the back The light flashing High-speed cooling process. If too automatically. least inches from the Clean or the If High The warning light flashing or red. The to replaced. The flashing and and the warning light red. too and turned off the least inches from the Clean or the If High cool the light to the If the then and The flashing and and the light flashing red. The incorrectly the cover or the Turn off the and the If the or the lights to flash the back and The flashing and and the light flashing red. with its or then and
The flashing and and both lights flashing red. or then the then and If the lights to flash, and the securely both If the off the cord, and the If the On light flashing the to appear, which the Child off of The off when than Press the to instructions the appears the turned (the light If the On light flashing to the cover The off the the to its Press the or the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. the the DVD
the light. If flashing or red, to the The off the than If the The DVD than This or scratches. the to the there the DVD. The the switch the to to the buttons, or to to the other of these buttons. within feet of and within of its front or back or right, and or below). You to the theyre with the and as shown the of the If might with third-party and Sound The or of the the instructions. the off. There the Clean the as the If from hour If and hour or
the from the than and farther than the Sharpness If the that You to the to reduce the amount of correction relative to the the to the If using the The too light or too Press the the to the the Brightness and If the than to, to the The the right. Press the the to the the or If using the The the top or to or the causing to become the or the to the height the top and of the and then the to the You to this and The the or right to the the the to the There sound, or the sound enough. the or the
Press the the to the sound hasnt turned off temporarily. If using connected the and white to If to the the There with the sound the the and the sound If using to the the There sound from optional subwoofer. to the subwoofer to the optional switch turned the the subwoofer. the appear. The DVD might include the to OFF You cant the DVD. The DVD might include
with appears the the Press the or the Press the or the connected to than You You the the turned connected correctly Press the or the to the Allow seconds to You the supported. Press the the and the The off (too or too Press the the and the aspect The distorted. If using interference the the and The right. Press the the and the Press the the to the the or
Where To these technical services: U.S. or to You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information Product Product (located the of of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the If with optional the information included the with the Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=1.7 to to Brightness to (ANSI) ratio to to inches to to ratio vertically, aspect ratio Native DVD Unit II, DTS Surround DVD DVD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW, DVD-ROM, DVD CD-R/RW, CD-ROM, DVD-VR (without CPRM), CD, CD, CD, MP3 (CD/DVD), WMA (CD/DVD), JPEG, (CD/DVD), (CD/DVD), specifications. to correction to to HDMI Specifications
AA Battery Projection UHE High Efficiency) ELPLP43/ V13H010L43 hours hours Theatre Black selected, and Turn off this when to the of the Height inches inches inches Rated to VAC Rated off: to F to C) without to F to C) without to RH, to RH, to Specifications
and United States FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 Compatible Normal aspect aspect aspect TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) Normal aspect aspect aspect SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV Specifications
HDMI Normal aspect aspect aspect VGA60 SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV The the Normal aspect aspect aspect VGA SVGA56/60/72/75/85/, XGA60/70/75/85, WXGA60-1 WXGA60-2 SXGA60/75/85 MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 Only that include VGA Specifications
Specifications MP3, WMA, and JPG that to the following specifications: ISO9660 or that recorded the write [UDF] read.) Half-width English characters only, with or count to Track count to MP3: to WMA: to to of to recorded WAV and MPG supported. JPEG created and conforming to the DCF Motion JPEG supported. such as rotation supported. Specifications DNX ICs this
Scottish Georgian Amharic Sotho; Southern Marathi South Marshallese North South (International) Interlingue Irish Northern North Island) Church Corsican Wolof English Luxembourgish; Shona Specifications