EPSON
WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the severely as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and Corner, and Wall of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON EPSON and service and and of Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those America, Inc. Information Copyright Notice CPD-16397R2
EPSON easy-to-use, lightweight that offers to of and ratio incredibly and clear You to of and or wireless or LAN You memory computer-free Ease of The correction corrects and Wall function and without of of If than and one-half Complete the to charge of the action, of the or the as or to the You of to and MicroSoft With the PC to and the Security To unauthorized the unauthorized from
If this and the to the right, the EPSON service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information. This the information to and Please follow these as through to to to Notes information about hints. More Information where Includes of covering tricks, and The art and sound as as Services to the and services to the and free. the instructions to and to or Includes this warranty brochures, and EPSON the with from the the or the Download and to EPSON
and Warranty with carry-in warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the and the warranty included who their EPSON offers SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, EPSON anywhere the United States or usually overnight the To the included and to EPSON. products, and service.
You these which Welcome the the the shown below: Remote and VGA USB wireless to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, carrying EPSON or something such as information, and instructions. software CD-ROM
Additional to the To One with or purchase from EPSON; To from VCR or other and the shown from EPSON; to VGA
Welcome Optional To of the EPSON the following optional Product and V13H010L22 V13H134A01 ATA hardshell ELPKS48 ATA ELPKS46 mount Throw V12H004M03 Throw V12H004L05 security ELPSL01 Projection 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch (includes ELPAP01 and Remote V12H005C28 DVI to DVI DVI to DFP Distribution ELPDA01 High High Motion You purchase these from EPSON or the EPSON SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please ELPMB40 ELPMBAPL ELPMBFCP ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 V12H005C20 V12H005C21 ELPKC19 ELPSV01 ELPDC02 V12H064020 ELPDC03
and the hether from or to follow to the Follow the this chapter Positioning the Turning the and selecting the Troubleshooting the Turning off the and the
You mount the the or rear and the Positioning the If the and isnt already the theater or to front of the as shown. art below This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the below to increases with the and whether the with other to to to from these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded outlet or cord. TBD
Ideally, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The of the should about the of the of the If the below to its This the to become shaped, the the buttons the information about correcting the instructions the location, such as theater or B. and the positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from EPSON; Optional Accessories
To the the correctly and from overheating. and the Projecting the and other as Then follow the instructions below to the and Turning the If connected or the this the and the If turn the first, or of connected to the manually Follow these to the the of the the and the other grounded the light flashing and light
Press the top of the the the (If this first using the the and the ON/OFF switch the of the turned The light flashes as the and to appear. the light flashing and about seconds) the ready If connected Windows-based to the New found Turn and the the when the This and
To and the If to appear, You to the and the Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected to the (such as or DVD If the the Source buttons the or the The Source buttons as follows: The Source buttons. the Computer/DVI to switch and connected to the and DVI the to switch connected to the and BNC The Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each or to wirelessly or from memory that the and BNC to input RGB or RGB connected to of these to the selected to match the You the input using the
Troubleshooting Follow these You Cant If or with the the following: the connected correctly, as the light and flashing and the off. If than and/or to of the Source buttons the or the to the (Allow seconds the to the If PC the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the The and Dont the If from and cant the and the follow these If PC On theres function that the LCD and the or both the It CRT/LCD or with such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the and the
and the If the function to both should to both the LCD and the From the the the the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then the VGA selected. Click the (or the selected. the VGA
If OS to OS You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the top of the other top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the Select as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) Click Click Select and the
and the the Once to To or below. If the too high or too If the isnt If displays incorrectly, If to the and/or sound, Chapter Focusing and the the to the the the to reduce or the the the to increase the and the to If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the the to of the instructions.
the Height of If the too the the front foot to the Press the foot release and the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If necessary, the height or the turning the rear the the to or manually the as the section. and the foot
correction correction Corner correction and the the or the directly front of the of the with the of the with the of the the slightly (within of or the correction function that and corrects Corrected It about the to corrected. this correction appears the If distorted, of these If the (top, or right), the the or the Correction If the its Corner You both correction and Corner the
Correction To when the following: the of the the four buttons. Press the whose the of the of the with the of the the the the and From the the and Select or and the the to the as buttons and the The slightly shorter If to the aspect the to correction, then the Height as
You this to The with and the Correcting If connected to and the right, the the (or the the This the tracking, and If appear the and the the the the while the Tracking or the Tracking If the appears or and the the the while the or
the finished using the follow the to This the of the and protects the from overheating. Turn off the To off the the the or You (If to off, other Press the The light flashes about seconds as the cools the cooled, the light and the off. If to the the light flashing. Then the If the front foot, the foot release to the and the If its ON/OFF switch to OFF and the the received input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If to the If the the cord. To off OFF? OFF? Press Press Press other Press other To the or the when the light or flashing
and the
information and to the professional to the Remote includes of to of them using the which the from anywhere the to You the to the and sound or as or to highlight You to corrections that or as wireless when from Finally, to unauthorized of assigning the This chapter covers: Activating and using the the and sound Highlighting Projecting without with the protection the Remote
If than seconds, the operating to release the the Remote Activating and the Remote The ON/OFF switch its as shown. the as then the ON/OFF switch to Turn off the or this the from something of the buttons. the the front or back of the or the within of the If to the from greater the light to the the light temporarily. using the bright or sunlight, or the properly. ON/OFF switch
the Navigation The that the and they the to highlight If connected the buttons of about freely while ESC the buttons to features, the following to highlight to the of to the to to the to than to the the Remote The buttons that its ESC Arrow buttons
batteries, the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to regulations. the the of the Remote the If the to the the following: the ON/OFF switch (shown the ON Press the light and to the buttons the light (If bright to them light.) If the buttons light the as below: Turn the Press the of the cover as the cover off. AA the first. the cover back
the and Sound You the to and temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the Switching Sources If connected to than and/or switch the On the there Source buttons: Press the Computer/DVI to switch and connected to the Computer and DVI the to switch connected to the and BNC On the there Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each or to to wirelessly or from memory that the and BNC to input RGB or RGB connected to of these to the selected to match the You the input the the the appears. the Remote You the to the and sound as Source
displayed as the highlight surrounds the the currently selected You the the to highlight and then to the Remote Sources You the function to the Press the You the currently selected the as shown. other (including the currently selected the right and the If connected to there incoming or the of the that appears Currently selected Press of the Source buttons the to switch to the and to the and the SC to the without switching DVI BNC
the Shape the with Corner. Follow these Press the the (or the Select the and From the and Select Corner and You this Press the to the to the the (or the arrow the to the and as to corners. the ESC the or to the If Corner selected the the Corner appears whenever the buttons. You then follow through to the of or ESC to Corner. [ESC] [ESC] (Press to (Press to the Remote information the Chapter If with the corrections the ESC to the to its
This function the the sound. Also, the to the action from the the Remote Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound and (If connected to the and to the the This to temporarily redirect without the of bright To off the the A/V The To the back the You such as the whenever the A/V Action You the to the action or Press the to the action and the the The sound Press the to
You of the using the buttons the Press the button the You crosshair indicating the of the the to the crosshair. the to the selected to While the the to about. Press the to the SC to to the If from connected to the DVI or BNC the This from to the or the the or connected to the DVI or BNC and the the connected to the or Then the Press the the and the Highlight the to or then Press SC to the the Remote The function RGB Select connected to the
To temporarily off the sound (and the A/V the Remote the displayed, then follow these to and the Press the the the to the the buttons to reduce or Once the located and the the button; the finished the the or The the To the the or of the If necessary, the tone the
Highlighting You to something the or straight or to There three choose from, and each the To the the Effect the appears the If to of the to the Three options the of each the the to the the To straight the where the to and the to where the to and To the the of the then and the lights. Then the to the and the Press SC when If to and SC to clear the the Remote
the Remote the You the and of each of the three the and of the with each and the the Press the the highlight the and You this Rate Rate Effect Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Select Select each of the three icons, the following of the following Rate the of the the of the using the the You the to the the SC from the Rate Rate Rate Rate
Without and without of that the of the and the and of appears clear and rather than Initial Corrections Press the Wall the or the while appears the right of Then of seconds while the the of the and the the off, the the correction obtained the Wall This the and the To these the Wall while Wall ON the Remote If the that Wall off, the Wall to
the Corrections New the correction or location. Press the Wall the or while the Wall Press the Wall Wall the You of about seconds as the the correction the with the Remote If connected to the with USB as the of This flexibility when and other slideshow-style to to the to to Left-click Right-click
the to the the Press the to left-click, or to the ESC to right-click. To the about lights. Then the to the where to release the buttons to through slideshow. or to Protection To unauthorized the If appear the whenever the If incorrect three the operation and the disconnected and to redisplay the If incorrect the user the to the The the Protect function off. Follow these to protection Press the the about seconds. the Remote Its to write Also, of the that appears the Protect Release If the this when the If the the Protect Release appear. You only and the
If the to the the the Remote You this Security Security the to Security to ON Then the button. Select and the to the and Press the the lights, the activated. the to four (The the Then the to the Press the the to the Security Security ON ON OFF OFF
Starting the with Protect this when the the the OFF OFF Press the the to the the four Press the to the The Security Release and Security Release Security Release the Remote
the
Connecting to Computers, and Other his chapter to the to or or to such as VCR or DVD You the to or Follow the instructions this chapter Connecting to Connecting Connecting Connecting to sound through the Connecting to Computers, and Other
If based to the New found plug-and-play If or and cant the to to the as shown from EPSON; Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting to You the to that including PC and computers, and and You to three the To to the VGA To using the BNC To the DVI Interface) to the to: USB the as to the as as on-screen to
Connecting to the Follow these instructions: You to the the following the VGA that with the (the the optional BNC/VGA through BNC If the VGA to the and the other to Then to Connecting to Computers, and Other Dont to force to with or of You the or VGA BNC/VGA
Connecting to Computers, and Other If the optional BNC/VGA the VGA to the and the BNC Optionally, sound through the or USB to the as finished Chapter instructions turning the and the Once the turned to: the then to exiting the the Comp1 or repeatedly the Computer/DVI the to the should appear the
Connecting to the BNC Connectors BNC the BNC the B/Cb/Pb G/Y and R/Cr/Pr as shown below. to to the and H/C information.) R/Cr/Pr G/Y B/Cb/Pb the the other of the the BNC Optionally, sound through the or USB to the as finished Chapter instructions turning the and the Once the turned to: the then the BNC to exiting the the BNC the or repeatedly the the to the BNC should appear the Connecting to Computers, and Other BNC
of DVI offered the to with DVI to DVI or DVI to DFP Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting to the DVI DVI DVI to DVI or DVI to DFP; about from EPSON). the to the DVI as shown. the other to DVI Optionally, sound through the or USB to the as finished Chapter instructions turning the and the Once the turned the DVI the or the Computer/DVI the to DVI as the
the If or the VGA when to If to the to the VGA to This from EPSON To the its cover as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the cover and the to the VGA Then the (with the the Macintosh. the screws the Connecting to Computers, and Other
The function correctly that from earlier of the of to Left-click Right-click Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting the If connected as this chapter, the as wireless This and through slideshow-style such as from to The wireless function with USB XP, or or OS to OS the USB that with the of the to the USB USB the of the to USB or the the COM the Advanced to USB the instructions to the If necessary, to with USB
Connecting If to the as as the To to the as shown: Follow these to the The displays the currently selected Press the the to the active the You the while the Network ON the Advanced Connecting to Computers, and Other
RCA BNC VGA (RGB Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting to You to four to the the to its If Connecting Source If Connecting Source If (three or Connecting Source If RGB or three R/G/B), Connecting RGB Source to: to the as as to sound through the
Connecting Source the with the the to the player and the the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other Chapter or the instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the the or the the repeatedly the Connecting to Computers, and Other
Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting Source usually with or purchase from EPSON; the the and the the If to sound through the instructions If to other Chapter or the instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the the or the the repeatedly the
Connecting Source included with the of the If they (BNC) to the If they to BNC to the the to and the (with the to the BNC the Match the (or to the the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the the following: the then the BNC to or as exiting the the BNC or repeatedly the to BNC as the Connecting to Computers, and Other BNC RGB If the players
If the players Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting RGB Source Follow these instructions to the to player that RGB the type of to the If player below. If three R/G/B, Connecting Connecting the VGA with the the the and the the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned to: the then the to exiting the the or the Computer/DVI repeatedly to the (RGB should appear the
Connecting included with the and the R/G/B the If to sound through the instructions If to other Chapter or the instructions turning the and the Once the to: the then the BNC to exiting the the BNC the or the the repeatedly to the BNC should appear the Connecting to Computers, and Other If the players
than and the directly to the function correctly or to USB Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting to You to the using the USB specified Then slideshow function or the CardPlayer to there the of the USB to the USB the as shown. the other of the to the USB If CardPlayer to the the USB from the the the EJECT the right of the CardPlayer Press the button the to CardPlayer. the USB
Sound Through the You sound through the or to the instead of directly to the the to the sound.) Connecting to the To sound through the follow these the included with the Which connected: If connected to the or DVI the If connected to the or or to the BNC the the to the to the connected with BNC with or DVI with the other of the to the or with Connecting to Computers, and Other
Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting To to the follow these the to to with and the other to purchase or to to the of the to the the the other of the to You to to the The internal while sound to the
Presenting Through Network his chapter to to the through wireless EMP NS shown screenincluding and graphicsdirectly to PC or the instructions this Starting Connecting to the or Access wirelessly the wireless EMP NS as each to to to the Then follow the this to EasyMP, and and EMP NS Presenting Through Network
the EPSON to Other to the correctly, and force the The of the from the when the the the instructions. Presenting Through Wireless Network to the to switch to Follow these Turn the as the and the Press the EasyMP the to as the the EPSON with the facing outward.
Once the of these the currently selected Access If already and the to or Access to Wirelessly to the following section. Presenting Through Wireless Network If to LAN or memory to properly
the NS software as A. To to the wireless or XP. OS or wirelessly. Presenting Through Wireless Network the You NS to to the and wirelessly or Access to the easy to and the with wireless or or with or Access users the the and easily off the To Access wireless or (or station, and or with wireless network or Follow the instructions below the to to (computer-to-computer) first and wireless or as this section. the Switch the to and the EPSON You this
To the the You the following selected, as shown If the the to highlight the to then to the to highlight Advanced to then to You this Presenting Through
If to the character that the A. If to numbers, the the The lights to that the active. Press the to The each the off and then or and the the the Network whenever and that You cant Presenting Through Wireless Network the it when connecting to from If to highlight the Clear to then the to clear the text Then highlight the and The of the text to input the to alphabetical or to then the to the right to to the character the To to the the the Select ESSID SSID or ESSID Then highlight the ESSID text and CONF ROOM). that the ESSID the the type the the connecting to the Select using instead of ESSID to the Then the text and If to to the highlight the WEB and of to characters. If to security that only people who the as the Then when to to the displays or the prompted NS the to
these highlight the OK the top of the the ESC the or the to highlight then Highlight the OK and to to the Network ready to wireless to the Network below, or the Network to the to the or match the the Access wireless XP would Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click the Wireless Network and Right-click and Presenting Through Wireless Network On right-click Network or Network Neighborhood the and
Presenting Through Network You to this: Click the Click the Advanced You to this: Click
wireless or the type of or of the than those the type to the SSID to match the assigned to the CONF ROOM (If instead, the to matches that of the Click the and that wireless or the OK to the wireless or ready to to the Projecting Wirelessly software to allow to both and Access Typically, only to ESSID from the the If the follow these From the Apple pull-down Preferences Then the Network You the Network Presenting Through Wireless Network
If the other them their boxes. If than the software to off when first the this Presenting Through Wireless Network Location to Select Select Network then Select Network the pull-down Click Apply Then the Click the the the top of the You the to turned Select ESSID.
Access to first and wireless or as this section. the Switch the to and the EPSON You this To the the You the following Access Presenting Through Wireless Network
If to the character that the A. If to numbers, the the The lights to that the active. Press the to Presenting Through Wireless Network Access selected, as shown. If the the to highlight the to then to the to highlight Advanced to Access then to You this the when to it from If to highlight the Clear to then the to clear the text Then highlight the text and The to input the to alphabetical or to then the to the right to to the character the
To to the the to the ESSID, which the SSID of or the of (The of than that of station; the and to the of Highlight ESSID the and Then SSID or the that the ESSID If to to the type the to WEB and If to security that people who the as the Then when to to the displays randomized or the prompted NS the to If assigns IP automatically, DHCP off DHCP and the following information manually: IP the IP to assign to the It other the the first three (XXX.XXX.XXX) match the first three of the IP or station. this Gateway the IP that assigned to the or when If to the HP to least IP Chapter the Presenting Through Wireless Network The each the off and then or and the the the Network whenever EasyMP, and that You cant previous about please If know or If AirPort, the and Then the Network to stations IP
instructions to the Access advanced Presenting Through Wireless Network If to WEP the of wireless the WEP the of the and with WEP Encryption with highlight the OK the top of the the the or ESC to highlight then Highlight the OK and to to the Network ready to wireless with the Network or to Access WEP Encryption the WEP the Access advanced this If to WEP highlight WEP or WEP Then Format, highlight HEX to input, then
ID, highlight of the options and WEP (This option WEP Highlight the Encryption text and The to input with and follow these WEP with input, characters, from to and from to F. WEP with input, characters, from to and from to F. WEP with text input, of the WEP with text input, of the highlight the OK the top of the and On the highlight the OK and to to the Network with the section below to wireless or to Access the Network connecting to the to the wireless or match the the Access wireless XP would Network and Then the Network Presenting Through Wireless Network To with the the lights active. Press the to Text input WEP with with Text1 first. If that Text2 and then Text3
On right-click Network or Network Neighborhood the and Presenting Through Wireless Network You to the this: Right-click the Wireless Network and You to this: Click the Right-click and Click
Click the Advanced You this: wireless or the type of or of the than those the type to the SSID to match the assigned to the (which should the CONF ROOM Click the and that wireless or the OK to the wireless Presenting Through Wireless Network
Presenting Through Wireless Network Right-click the Wireless Network and You this Select as shown then the You this
If DHCP, IP the following IP and the information: IP the IP to assign to the It other the the first three (XXX.XXX.XXX) match the first three of the IP this the IP that assigned to the when these OK Click the Wireless (If this to wireless or clicking to the then follow instructions the to the Once the Wireless Networks this Presenting Through Wireless Network about please If know or
If the this the software that with Presenting Through Wireless Network that to the It should as shown with the to indicating If listed, and then type the of OK to the ready to to the Wirelessly the Gateway IP If IP manually and to the IP (the IP of the wireless to the currently active, as the previous section. Then follow these Access wireless network XP would Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click and
Right-click the Wireless Network and Then the The IP as shown: Access software to allow to Access Typically, from the the If to the follow these From the Apple Preferences Then the Network You the Network Gateway Presenting Through Wireless Network
If the other them their boxes. If than the software to off when first the this and To or the utility, station, and Click then the If connecting to IP the Distribute IP to the stations IP and the first three of the IP to the first three of the stations IP Presenting Through Wireless Location to Select Select Network then Select Network the pull-down Click Apply Then the the Select station, then On the matches ESSID. If the ESSID the Network text and If turned DHCP advanced the Network and the Distribute IP selected. If to
Click the the the top of the You the to turned Select the of Wirelessly Once and and or follow these to NS and wirelessly. wireless Select EMP NS from the OS X: Double-click the EMP NS Applications Presenting Through Wireless Network
If IP allow to appear. If or DHCP Distribute IP AirPort), the to the IP Once selected the IP the Switch when NS If to to the EMP NS then Switch LAN the Presenting Through Wireless Network The first NS to Select the IP and OK You the below. (If previously NS this the first If the properly, listed. If EPSON the they listed, with their The of the to each its the connected the connected to another the connected to Select This
If the following: wireless enough to establish If Macintosh, the the the or trying to to the right that to the or that wireless or and that its SSID matches the ESSID. Macintosh, the the to turned and the ESSID or selected. of the (You should that the ready to If to NS the ESSID matches the SSID wireless or If station, the ESSID matches the that the ESSID the IP both and wireless or station. The first three of the IP should The of the IP should to the of the IP wireless interface, or station. and NS If follow the instructions Connecting IP to to the Presenting Through Network If of these the troubleshooting information The than the the the station, and Then The appears the
If encrypted, and encrypted This security the Presenting Through Wireless Network Once the of appears, and If than listed, to to them the If the selected already another to the other If the to connecting, this the displayed the Network and OK Once the established, transmitted to the and If necessary, the of the or to the clicking as shown Click to
From the these NS features: with the NS and which the from HTML information. the the Turns off the and sound. of the brightness, and other switch the and BNC switch from the and DVI Flashes three lights when the and active. Presenting Through Wireless Network
Presenting Through Wireless Network the Clicking of the the to appear the clicking the displays the following If using than the to the to which to of the following Brightness Increase or brightness Click to the top of the or to the (this option the buttons the Increase or from to the and (the when from with bright Theatre (the and the arrow the right to the Click to
Connecting IP and (Access only) or routers, establish manually IP NS the to which to You this Click the You this Click Select this Presenting Through Network and routers they the this to automatically.
You to to the If NS to from the with the first Presenting Through Network IP and OK You this Click IP You this the IP and Search Click the IP and Search
The IP appears the and searching displays: This search This appears the search to the If the search to with the specified IP the searching If this to the IP then this Click the to to, then the If than listed, and to them the If prompted the the Network and OK The to the about the floating Presenting Through Wireless Network You to while another Follow the
Presenting Through Network Switching To to the while another already (Access only), follow the as the section. NS You this Select the and You this Click to The other and about the interruption: Select
Removing the Wireless Card Follow these to the If NS Disconnect the the light to isnt flashing or Then the The Press the The wireless partially the straight Then the back to from light Click Presenting Through Wireless Network the while the light or when wirelessly. You the or
Presenting Through Wireless Network
To memory and the type of to with the Presenting from Memory Card or from memory or connected to the with USB You graphics, or that slideshow JPG and BMP graphics This chapter includes instructions the following: Creating to memory the memory and from the Presenting Creating slideshow the Presenting the EMP software as A. Presenting from Memory Card or
EMP as A. Presenting from Memory Card or Creating of and/or that from memory The to to and the EMP This the which to the memory this existing that to to the If from scratch combining selection of other graphics, and Converting to Follow these to to Once the created, as the to or the EMP closed. Then the top of the EMP You that supported. Click OK EMP and one-by-one as they converted. this process, or completely converted.
that the slideshow mouse-click or as prompted. You as shown below. The of each of the At this or the instructions Building from and If there the that to right-click those and Inactivate Click the or choose from the EMP SCN____ and within choose from the and and location Once to the memory computers PCMCIA Presenting from Memory Card or You to the Dont directly to the memory or correctly.
Presenting from Memory Card or Creating from Scratch this when to from selection of or To the software, the EMP (or or EPSON EMP from the You the EMP selection
Choose New from the You the thats easy to using to and numbers. Then from the following options: The location the and the Click to choose location. Click BGM(W) to the selection appears choose the .WAV the the arrow to the right of this option to The background appears around that the Select Select the Higher-quality the to appear. Click OK when finished these with the instructions the section to Presenting from Memory Card or The the of the
You the instructions this section to to existing appear Presenting from Memory Card or Building from You from of the following types, or with other types: through .PPT JPEG (with .JPG (with .BMP or .DIB (with .MPG MPEG MPEG1 Follow these the the of the EMP to the to include JPEG, and appear as the Click to Click the each that to the thumbnail If the the If of appears the
and the to from the or the (You to the to the To include whole (instead of the the the the to Each appears The background to the type of the If to the To rearrange and them as within the To right-click the and To the its section appears the of the each operation. .EMA You as the section. Presenting from Memory Card or Transition effects created smoother than those with the seconds
Presenting from Memory Card or the or choose from the Then to the to memory EMP to manually or of You choose from of Click the or to the To than the Ctrl while To the choose Select from the Selected yellow. Right-click the selected or The appears:
Click You this Click to manually Choose to to the If to manually the On click. If to automatically, the the Automatically You of and seconds this manually the To (such as or of the Effects and choose Direction finished the the selected or OK Click the or choose from the with the the section when ready to to memory Click to Presenting from Memory Card or Select Transition smoother when them the and that to
Presenting from Memory Card or Checking You to memory to and sounds the it EMP the the to the to Click the then to the Click Option(s) The displays. If to to If to each the the to through Stop the the to rewind, or the
to Memory Card Once to memory You of the following II cards. PC to allow insertion the with CompactFlash Memory ATA PC to the PCMCIA or to the below to that the properly: the memory PCMCIA From the Option(s) choose You selection Choose the where located, then OK Click OK to to the Once the this about Presenting from Memory Card or Select memory You to the Dont to the to memory or properly. You the memory PCMCIA from the Option(s) If to the the selection If this and EMP
If than to automatically, they the this Presenting from Memory Card or The that the whenever the turned (with the memory the of the following: If the to automatically, to to the and the If to automatically, OK and with the following instructions. You the the To to automatically, from the the of the and the arrow to to the the right. Click the to continuously. Clear the to once. OK the from instructions the If or first to to or the to
the Memory Card the to the memory follow these to the If necessary, the PC (ATA the (with the the with the facing outward, as shown. The to turned off the Presenting from Memory Card or force the the the If connected to the the memory The memory functional when connected.
If using CardPlayer, highlight the EJECT and the Then the light to off the Presenting from Memory Card or the Card using the and to the memory follow these and the (the light the off) Press the the Press the The Press the The memory released, and from the the To the from the as shown: the light off
Presenting the memory as Follow these to that to memory Turn the already If to as as the If to to manually. with the following Select as the the the You the below. JPEG displayed as thumbnails. Other or displayed as the the to highlight then appears the the to Presenting from Memory Card or You connected while the memory If neither the the function with software. than If the and buttons the to
to automatically, manually as Presenting from Memory Card or with the to highlight EJECT the right of the and then the to LAN or memory to memory While the as follows: Press or to the or or to Press to the or or to replay Press of the to or the To the the ESC Press the to that to Editing the You using the This such as the of or These permanently with the as as the or off the Follow these to then Highlight the
From the You thumbnail of the To the to and From the (or appears the the to the where to the Then The to the To the to and From the Show/Hide If and to the the to the highlight the OK the and Presenting from Memory Card or Indicates to
Presenting from Memory Card or Creating Slideshow the Fly If memory containing assortment of them as slideshow. options the slideshow than when to include JPG and and the which theyre displayed. this to the Slideshow the the memory Then follow these the the to highlight the containing Then Select Slideshow From the Slideshow and The the as slideshow. the to the slideshow the as
and Other each the memory the and other Select the whose to and From the You this the to from the following selection, to the change. Continuous whether to the of the switching the each Choose to manually. Choose alphabetically or Effect choose from such as or Presenting from Memory Card or
the to internal slideshows. the of with or A/V to the or and slideshow directly to the You the or the to the and Presenting from Memory Card or switching choose the to when slideshows, or or editing the which the appears whenever item and selecting or and the selecting and the To the the ESC finished the highlight OK the and permanently with each off the or the memory Presenting This section to using and USB that there memory the and that connected to the You the while memory neither the the function with EasyMP. Follow these Turn Turn the and the theyre already as the the the If with the DCIM DCIM the the to the the and then
Select the the another with the the and Then You when the the the to and Then The the If of the to the while To projection, the ESC the then and Presenting from Memory Card or shows as If USB mounted and with the software. The software If memory the the and Creating Slideshow the Fly You cant connected the
Presenting from Memory Card or
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the the and the the sound Creating own the
You the buttons the to the ESC Arrow buttons the the You the (or the to the and Follow these To the the You to the shown below (the from those shown the selected input Effect Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Select The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the the (or the arrow buttons the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the to through the of options. of the options or the selected Tracking Tracking Brightness Brightness Sharpness Sharpness Select Select Preset Select
highlighting the option to the to the to the to sub-screen the Press the or right of the to To from or the to highlight the then the the ESC to and to the previous (or repeatedly to the You the to Restoring the You the options to the factory- the the To the the whose to and as (The below shows to the Select Select To the to their factory-default Tracking Tracking Brightness Brightness Sharpness Sharpness Effect Effect Advanced1 Advanced1 Select Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Preset Select Select the ON ON OFF OFF the BNC ID, and
The Brightness the opacity of the LCD You the brightness. Select Brightness the Advanced then choose High or (the High the the Quality You the to the brightness, sharpness, tint, and If from through the DVI there from Sources Press the the then the You the (The the selected input The below or Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Select Select the to highlight the option, then as If the slightly off or exactly. this to RGB Brightness or the the light and areas. Brightness Brightness Sharpness Sharpness Select Select Select
the intensity, from black-and-white to RGB the of the RGB Sharpness the sharpness of the You brightness, and sharpness when RGB transmitted through the or BNC other Press the the then the You to the below. (The RGB through the DVI Effect Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Select Select If the slightly off or exactly. this to Tracking this to the Tracking Tracking Brightness Brightness Sharpness Sharpness Select Select Preset Preset Select Select tracking or the with containing to appear as background. If this option isnt text white background. the You the to the and
the this the appears or Brightness or the the light and areas. Select to the the automatically, or to the yourself. (Press the selection.) Sharpness the sharpness of the If stretched, partially off, or completely the the match that of Select to the the automatically, or to the yourself. (Press the selection.) Once the the the them as using of the The the the Preset the to (Press the Preset repeatedly to the to the to
the and Whether from or these to the and of the fits the normally unnecessary, the the to the of the If the the the displays the the of the (which the or its If the of the the as the pressing switches the aspect ratio and This or recorded the the of the the or to If or the the Sharpness the If the slightly off or exactly. You this to RGB or RGB the If stretched, or correctly the should the first
the the The to the the the and the or the the each and/or Select from these To the displays (the when from with bright Theatre with (the the the intensity, from black-and-white to the the of to or RGB the Advanced the Select to and K. RGB to red, and as shown. (Not selected as the
the Sound You the to the sound or Press the the then the You the Effect Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Select the to highlight the option, then as the the intensity of the the of the Computer/DVI Computer/DVI Computer/DVI Computer/DVI Computer DVI DVI the You the using the
the Creating You from or to the and then as You as the to when the or when the A/V The photograph, or other to the the to It from or such as DVD or Then follow these to the and it to the Press the the highlight the and Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Select Select whether the as the and selection displays the the to the of the to Then
the Select this highlight and the arrow buttons to and then the as appears, and the or DVD while the the Completed SC to to the the
the Choosing to the as the or the when theres or when the A/V Press the to the displayed). To as the highlight the Advanced1 then Select highlight ON then To the or A/V with the following Highlight the then Select the which to appear: Highlight to (instead of when there from the currently selected Highlight A/V to appear when the A/V Select then This as the to displayed. to instead.) finished, SC to
If than the ID to switch them using To this, to ID each the easy to the ID to match that of the to to switch, the ID to match that of the ID The ID Follow these to Press the the You the Select the Advanced2 and Then highlight ID and Brightness Brightness High High Effect Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Select Select ESC ESC Press the right or of the to increase or the ID Press to the SC to the ID ID Network Network COM COM RS-232C RS-232C USB USB OFF OFF ON ON ON ON OFF OFF BNC Termination BNC Termination the the ID to which allows to If to and to switch them (each its the ID to this would to the ID.
the the Remote ID To the ID to match that of follow these Press the ID the You light. Press of the buttons the to the ID of the to The ID light off and the ID and each to switch To the ID, the following: Press the ID the flashes. Count the of flashes; this to the ID. (If flash, the ID to
You the to the input or off, the the and other features. these to the incoming Several of these should normally the factory the and BNC the Select the the type of connected to the that RGB BNC the Select the the type of connected to the BNC player that RGB player that NTSC that HDTV the this PAL PAL60 You this through the or the
to Network ON the to the cooled This Press the the to the the the Advanced This should normally its or Converts to to OFF without only). BNC Termination the Advanced This should normally TTL input). If required, as the to ON Remote These options the and from Chapter the Advanced Select Network ON to the to when Network the Advanced Used the wired Chapter If the assigns automatically, DHCP off DHCP and the IP and Gateway If to the using SNMP and least IP COM the Advanced Used with the EMP software. Select RS-232C or USB the thats with the Turn off the and then back the to
the Selects or to when the The displays that previously to the the the off the input Turn off the to the (this the the Selects whether the or the displayed the Rear the Advanced Turn to from the Advanced Turn when the mounted from the the Advanced from to the the
the
to allow to HP with or EPSON If using SNMP, to without This only. software and from EMP to switch and the function to about SNMP, such as HP to facilitys from You NS to to as group. This allows to and easy to these to other computers. To the software to first EMP as A. If to EMP NS Then and each to You the wirelessly Access as or wired as This chapter covers the following information: Connecting the to and wired and with EMP to of to the
information about PCMCIA LAN EPSON as If network the SNMP option to IP This the If HP to allow to HP with EPSON You wireless to connected Access Select the Advanced to the Access then SNMP and the IP of the to of SNMP Connecting and the Wired Network the software to to each to to and with IP You and the wirelessly, as Chapter or PCMCIA LAN Follow these to PCMCIA LAN to and the the PCMCIA LAN the the back of the Then the to or Turn the Press the the and Network from the Advanced2 Brightness Brightness High High ID ID Network Network Effect COM COM ON ON OFF OFF Advanced1 Advanced1 BNC Termination BNC Termination Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Select Select If assigns automatically, DHCP If network automatically, off DHCP and the IP Gateway and MAC as RS-232C RS-232C USB USB ON ON OFF OFF Select Network
To the the lights, then the shown below. To the from the the right and arrow to the of the to then the and arrow buttons to increase or the Increase or Select the the of the to the the the or the the This the ESC to the
If to while they the Advanced then Network ON EMP EMP to whether connected wirelessly or wired It easily turn the or off (together or individually), switch and their EMP the software as A. The to the should already connected to and Closing EMP To EMP or EPSON EMP If the to the then already If the the the lower-right of to the EMP To EMP right-click the shown then Click to EMP
to Follow these Click or EPSON EMP You this Click as shown. You this Click to currently operating the and the and Click Click If to the connected or correctly the to wired or Chapter to the wireless
To from the highlight the and found the as shown below: Select each to clicking its then clicking the You this with of Click Click
You the of each of the EMP The EMP screen the Source, and shown below. These which currently used, from which (or they and Source information, the and To when turned Network ON as the the that when to Network ON the to the cooled This
The following the meaning of the icons: Projecting; Turned off; Projecting; Turned off; Network to or disconnected). You this Network OFF selected The following the meaning of the icons: BNC DVI
The following the meaning of the Chapter recommended to The buttons the and or off. the to of its function.) Select the to (with the clicking of the buttons. (the nearing the of its life; High-speed cooling (the too to Overheating turned off automatically) or cover buttons To when selected Network ON as the the that when to Network ON the to the cooled This
The following the of the buttons: buttons the the off the to the the to the BNC the to the the to the the to the DVI Switches the to
the If to the information about the Refresh the EMP You often EMP the From the You this Select the and OK If EMP to whenever to
The or to to to To Network ON as the the that the to the You to of with the wireless or wired LAN of the following: the EPSON wireless and to Access as LAN and wired as Turn and Press the the to switch to EasyMP. You the following Select the right of the and the If wired LAN to If wireless with the
Wireless only: On the Network the Advanced to the Access Press the the below, and Select Select Advanced The ESSID option wired LAN
To with the the the lights the active. Press the to the the to Press the top of the to through and the of the to through lowercase You such as and such as the or Then the right of the to to the To the of the to to the previous You the following ON and the Highlight the IP of SMTP and The outline of the to input You and the following IP or (where and Highlight the and Then the SMTP The and Highlight the Destination and the the first that to You of characters. If to to or other computers, those Destination and Destination Select the which
highlight the OK the top of the the the or ESC to highlight then Highlight the OK and to to the Network the If to each of the EMP NetworkManager. The includes the heading EPSON the The of the the of the the IP of the The to the reported EMP If appears the that occurred. appears when the or If to the
You cant to to If Microsoft or The or to to To Network ON as the the that the to the to If connected to wireless or wired LAN), to and each of the following: the PCMCIA LAN the and the wired LAN as the Advanced should to Network ON to the EPSON wireless the and the Access as the and the IP of the to the If what the and switch to You this, which shows the IP IP
If connected wired the the as shown below. If connected wireless NS and to the to Then the that appears the The the Select of the options the then as the of the These to those found the Chapter the the of the as would the buttons: choose the action, the the off the and sound, or the or off. about the Chapter Functions to buttons
IP when the to group. If DHCP, the IP every off and and to the group. If of the IP than the first of the should You as to and easy to other computers. You or information as to another connected to the Access and the as the to the group, or the that or information. Creating You to as group, and of wireless NS Then the the EMP NS You this Select these Select IP and
Click the Advanced button. You this the the Then the IP of the to the IP You the or
To from the group, from the and Click The IP appears the of and the searching appears If the found, its appears the and each to to the group. Click OK to the as group. Click to the Advanced Click OK to the then NS
Connecting to Follow these to to group: NS Then the the EMP NS You this Select these IP and From the choose the to to and OK
You this If this IP Click IP (If the the IP rather than search this You this Select the Then Select the to to and
If to to The appears the Exporting You information as to another the wireless This to with users. NS Then the the EMP NS You this Select these boxes You of the the You cant group, to the to to If wireless to as
If created the You least the active. IP and Then the Advanced You this Click to the Highlight the NSGroup.ini and then to Choose location the and To to the from the follow the
You information as to another the wireless NS Then the the EMP NS You this Select these Select IP and Then the Advanced You this Click
On the the to and The of of the the to the the Advanced To to the from the follow the
warning clean of the off and the cord. cover the the cover. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the clean. or smears the You to clean the the and of the to cool the The should the and (when with If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the and Transporting the the
the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the the cleaning Cleaning the the first turn off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the
Cleaning the and Clean the and hours of If they cleaned they become with This overheating and the Follow these Turn off the and the cord. To the EPSON recommends and other office If the with (such as paintbrush). Gently the and the from the and of the Then or to the the back when the To without the V13H134A01. information.
included. You should the when the To without the V13H134A01. To the warning the cool the that the and should to injury. the If the to or the as the or EPSON the United States to ones. please the and The of the about hours Brightness the Advanced to High and hours Brightness to It to the when: The or to The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the and the light flashes To brightness and quality, the as as The warning light flashes (the burnt or EPSON the United States V13H010L22. please Follow these to the and Turn off the the light the cord. the least hour The immediately
Turn the and the the and of the the the They should the screwdriver with the or another screwdriver, the the Gently the cover off. the screwdriver .and the
the the screws holding the to them). the as shown and the straight Gently the Once the tighten its screws and the cover. (The the cover the as the section.
the the to the the Press the the (or the You the the the (or the arrow the to highlight About then You this Select then You this Select then finished, SC or to 1400H 1400H Source Source Computer1 Computer1 Effect Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 Advanced2 SYNC Polarity SYNC Polarity About About SYNC SYNC Refresh Rate Refresh Rate Select Select the The shows 0H the least hours.
EPSON incurred the Transporting the The and Follow these to the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell and then firm cushioning around the optional ATA from EPSON;
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. This chapter the following: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt the top of the or the The following choices the the sound selection Follow these to Press the the You the the the or the arrow the to highlight items. highlighting the the or the to To the the If of the to the following
Checking If isnt correctly, first off, it to cool (the light flashing and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when to the following of the lights and their lights Light The You or the to flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. flashing The cooling You cant back (and should the light flashing and flashing There with the or Stop using the the and EPSON or light light light
lights Light flashing cooling Although this the higher. there of around and the and that the and clear. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling then the cord. the back and the the F C) and there of around and the flashing Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the flashing The First the cover securely installed. If thats the the and as If this the EPSON as flashing off of internal the and EPSON as The clogged. Clean or them as If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or EPSON Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself.
and Other Information the About to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the then highlight the About and You the hours and input the right: The of the about hours the Brightness the Advanced to High and hours the Brightness to the hours this to the of If to the The information displayed the input currently selected.
with the or Sound appears the Check that the light flashing, and the off. The If the light the to turn the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the the other the or the Press the A/V to the off temporarily. The attached or the connected and with the displayed. the connected correctly, as Chapter restarting If connected and or to of the Source buttons the or to the Allow seconds the to the
If PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If OS X: Preferences Double-click the VGA or LCD selected. Click the or the selected. If OS to From the Apple then and Sound Click the top of the other. This the as as the LCD If this option isnt the Select of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.)
The Not Supported displayed. the selected the UXGA and the the If necessary, as the following of the displayed. Press the the the the Chapter information. correct. Ideally, should to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and OS X: Preferences and then OS to On the Apple choose then and Sound Select You to existing created them software information.
The isnt keystone-shaped. If the top or of the the or the the If the the from the or right, the the front of the of the facing the squarely. If this the Tracking or Tracking the the If the Corner. Press the the then Finally, Corner and with the The or the selected the Chapter If using than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the and the off the LCD The There or smears the Clean the as the using the the You to using the from to
the Sharpness the Chapter should to the the immediately. If from to the tracking and as the section. If the to to the factory You or the trying the the previous section. If from and that of or or of the characters heavy or Press the the This the tracking and If further the Tracking and manually the as Chapter the with containing when these to appear as background. If this option isnt try text white background. the Tracking to
the to increase the sharpness of the The of the right. If the option the to the If the and the the the Advanced to the There sound. the A/V the the If VCR or other the turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as Chapter If includes the turned the or muted. If the it securely connected to both the and headphone or the turned the or to You to this clicking the right of the of the used, exactly match the or
You the EMP that connected the to the and correctly; information about the wired or information about wireless Also, the with EMP that the Advanced to Network ON If the XP or as the restarting You cant to the NS the EPSON correctly the instructions. If to the NS or the to the and correctly. or (Access or that wireless If Macintosh, the the the wireless or of the (You should that the ready to If to NS If the Access and using DHCP, allow or to appear. the while to the IP
If or or restarted allow or the to appear. If AirPort, to off and then that trying to to the right that to the or that wireless or and its SSID to match the ESSID the the top of to turned and the ESSID or selected. If or and DHCP, IP the Access The first three of the IP should to the first three of the IP or station. The of the IP should to the of the IP or station. If using DHCP, Gateway the Access advanced It should to the IP or station. If each turn the off and then or and the wireless the the Network and the If AirPort, the of the station, then Finally, the Network If to DHCP IP and IP should both If and DHCP turned off Access advanced IP deselected.
If using Access and connecting to the interference from another or station, then NS If using AirPort, the ESSID should match the the of the station. To the the station, and Then The appears the to To this the station, and then Finally, the Network If prompted when the WEP using WEP connecting IP instructions. with appears distorted. of their JPEG displayed correctly. JPEG from with high ratio appear EMP appear the EMP created this of and or
EMP thumbnails and cant If the MS Office JPEG the Office the Converts and option, and the JPEG Also, the to the You cant EMP they to the memory they converted to the .SIT You only they the .SIC the then the to memory You cant slideshow to the memory because to the You the memory PCMCIA from the Option(s) If to the the selection If this and EMP You cant the The MPEG2 It MPEG1 to the shows as when to If USB mounted and with The
with the Remote The to commands. If the the first to the ON/OFF switch, as shown The correctly or To the batteries, ID to or to the ID. within about of the and within of the front or back to the or right and or below). the lights and off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Also, off that such as heater.
Where To EPSON technical through services as the following Service Access World From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through and Telephone Services To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information Product (EPSON Product (located the of the of the You purchase carrying or other from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
You wireless from OS X, the from location using Software software CD-ROM includes the software to the featuresfor wireless to memory and the from location. the software, these wirelessly: Microsoft or XP or wireless (to EMP NS IBM with least III At least 256MB of RAM At least 128MB of SVGA or and Software
Software the software, the following wirelessly: OS or AirPort(802.11b) or wireless interface or At least 256MB of RAM At least 128MB of free SVGA or and
the Software to the to EMP NS (to wirelessly) and then EMP another (to remotely the Follow these the software CD-ROM CD-ROM You this Click the to to the Click Software
Software If to wireless the option to EMP NS highlighted, then the Follow the on-screen instructions. that the EPSON GDI testing, To memory the option EMP and the To the from this the option EMP and the the software, the to Once these from the Software Follow these to EMP NS the NS software CD-ROM If necessary, the EPSON CD-ROM to its Double-click the EMP NS The following
Click You the software Click then Select the then You the following Click the Software
Software
his the location, such as theater or The four front mounting, or as shown: Rear mounting To from overhead, the optional mounting information. to the Advanced to the To from the rear, Rear
If mounting the the and to to the This the to its You then the the function the or using the buttons the If the that the of the with the of the the and to If the than the of the to the to the whole with the If to to the from Chapter You the to than
Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=1.7 to to (XGA) Brightness (ANSI)* ratio to inches Projection to to Projection rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio correction only); the Brightness the Advanced Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) hours (high brightness hours brightness V13H010L22 Remote AA inches retracted inches inches Rated AC to VAC, to VAC, with Network OFF with Network ON Supports USB
to F to C) to F to C) to RH, United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL1950 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EN EN to RH, DNX ICs this Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the the following noted below, resized to the (XGA). the of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 XGA100 XGA120 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA1100 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385
Refresh Rate UXGA60 UXGA65 UXGA70 UXGA75 UXGA80 UXGA85 MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV The Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications
Notices his includes instructions and other information about EPSON Instructions Follow these instructions when and using the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in Notices
Notices of through the of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the from the and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing This includes that mercury. Please and and the the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the
Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that Notices
Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR Operation to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: EMP-7850
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes Notices
Notices Warranty America, Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the first of the EPSON with this warranty that the purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty What EPSON To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to EPSON or EPSON Customer EPSON its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes EPSON property. The or or previously repaired to the EPSON of quality. or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not Cover This warranty covers only the United States and and This warranty other than EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. or incurred EPSON carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCTS COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized EPSON Servicer the EPSON SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Notices
Monitor-out light BNC Card related and related and and DVI Rear foot Corrects when or Wall sound ID ID USB foot cover USB service DVI Remote Security or to selections as buttons Activates active and ESC Effect Selects or on-screen and Source Switch connected to Remote Foot release light light section of and sound buttons Light A/V and the and off the On/Off switch the and off PM light
foot Rear and DVI and related and related Card BNC Monitor-out Corrects when or sound ID ID Security Remote DVI Computer service USB cover foot USB light or to selections as buttons Activates Wall active and ESC Effect Selects or and Source buttons Switch connected to light light Foot release section of and sound buttons Light A/V buttons and the and off the On/Off switch the and off light PM Remote