WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the severely as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. Information Copyright Notice CPD-21955
easy-to-use that than pounds. The offers to or of brightness. You to of and The correction corrects and the to of from anywhere the the action, of the or the as You of to and Microsoft Security To unauthorized this includes security features including and the to the buttons.
Welcome This the information to and Please follow these as through followed to to to Notes information about hints. More Information where sheet the instructions to and connecting to TM or Includes this warranty brochures, and the with from the the or the Download and to If this and the the service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information.
Includes of covering tricks, and The art and sound as as Services to the and services to the and free. and Warranty with basic carry-in and warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the world. and the warranty included with who their offers SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or usually overnight the included with To the and to products, and service.
the the the shown below: VGA to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, the carrying information, and instructions. Additional to the To One with or purchase from To from VCR or other HD15 to You purchase from below. PDF and CD-ROM Remote and AAA Carrying
Optional Accessories To of the the following optional Product V13H010L38 V13H13408 ATA hardshell Samsonite wheeled shoulder Soft carrying mount Security bracket/cabling mounts security ELPSL01 50-inch aspect 60-inch aspect 80-inch aspect 83.6-inch pull-down aspect ELPKC19 ELPSV01 Distribution ELPDA01 (ELPDC05) V12H162020 You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca ELPKS54 ELPKS35-S ELPKS43 ELPKS16B ELPMBUNI ELPMBFCP ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC ELPMBAPL ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09
and the from or to follow to the Follow the this chapter Positioning the Turning the and selecting the Troubleshooting the Turning off the
You mount the the or and the Positioning the If the isnt already the to front of the as shown. This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the below to increases with the and whether the with other to to to from these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded outlet or cord. TBD
Ideally, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The of the should about the of the of the If the below to the front foot. This the to become shaped, the the buttons the information about correcting the instructions the location, such as theater or the and other as Then follow the instructions below to the and Turning On the Turn connected or the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually and the positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from
To the the correctly and from overheating. and the Follow these to the the A/V cover). of the the and the other The light light
Press the button the or top of the The once and the light flashes as the then to appear. the light flashing and the ready If connected Windows-based to the New found If prompted to Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected (such as or DVD If the the Source Search the or the Search the the to You the Source buttons the to switch to the each The EasyMP. TM and the the when the This and To and the If to appear,
and the Troubleshooting Follow these You Cant If the trying to try the following: the connected correctly, as the light and flashing and the A/V If connected than and/or to the Source Search the or Search the to the (Allow seconds the to the button.) If PC the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the The and Dont the If from and cant the and the follow these If using PC On theres function that the LCD and the or both the It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the
If the function to both should to both the LCD and the From the the the the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then the VGA or LCD selected. Click the (or the selected. and the
foot and the the Once to If the too high or too below. To or If the isnt If displays incorrectly, If to the and/or sound, Chapter the Height of If the too the the front foot to the Press the foot release and the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If necessary, the height or the the rear foot. the the to or the as
Focusing and Turn the the to the Turn the the to reduce or the If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. the or the directly front of the of the with the of the with the of the the slightly (within of or the correction function that and corrects Corrected It about the to corrected. this correction appears the If distorted, the buttons the or the and the correction
The slightly If to the aspect the to correction, then the button to the aspect and the Correction To when the top or the following: Press of the buttons the as shown below. the with the of the the the or the and From the and the the to the as If the becomes the sharpness
Correcting If connected to and the right, the the or the the This the and If the the to the tracking or the information. the finished the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. Turn off the To off the the the or You (If to off, other and the You this to The with through the VGA selected, and Turn off this when to the of the
You the to off the and when This electricity, cools the and the of the If to the If the the cord. To If when Direct On and the the when the restored. and the Press the The off. the the cord. (If the mounted the to seconds the to the cord.) If to the the light flashing, then the If the front foot, the foot release to the A/V the Direct On Function The Direct On function The when to the Follow these to Direct On: Press the the and the Choose and Choose Direct On and Highlight On and Press or to The the the
information and to the professional to the Remote includes of to of them using the which the from anywhere the to You the to the and sound or as to highlight You to the or as wireless when from This chapter covers: the the and sound with the Highlighting
If than seconds, the operating to release the operation batteries, the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to regulations. the the of the Remote the Remote Follow these the the the front of the or the within of the the bright or sunlight, or the properly. the the as below: Turn the Press the the cover as the off. AAA the and as shown. the cover as shown, then
the and Sound You the to and temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the Switching Sources If connected to than and/or switch the The to to the Search the (or the Source Search the repeatedly the the On the there four Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each the the appears. the Remote
This function the the sound. Also, the to the action from the the Remote Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound. This to temporarily redirect To off the and sound, the A/V The To the and sound back the You the when the A/V You such as the Action You the to the action or To the action and the the the The sound To the
of You of the the buttons the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the to the crosshair. the to the selected to While the the to around the Press the to the SC to the to its the To the the or the or You the the the Remote To temporarily off the sound and the A/V
the Remote You the the to fits the to switch the aspect ratio and (and Normal This or recorded normally unnecessary, the the to the of the If the the or the displays the the of the (which the or its If the of the the as the pressing the You the the to the brightness, and other aspects of Press the repeatedly to from the following high-contrast bright Sports or only): TV bright Presentation: (the when from with Theatre: with increased increased when or TV bright the of displays Blackboard chalkboard the white Customized:
with the If to the with USB as then the USB the the of This flexibility when slideshow-style to to the to the and buttons to through slideshow. or to the to the the Press the once to left-click, or to Press the to right-click. To the Then the to the where to release Left-click Right-click the
the Highlighting You to information the If to the choose from three the To the the the appears the If to of the instructions the section. the the to the the using the to clear the the You the appearance of the choosing from three Press the the highlight the highlight and You of the shown the Select the and Highlight and Press to from the
Connecting to Computers and Other his chapter to the to or and/or to such as VCR, DVD or Follow the instructions this chapter Connecting to Connecting sound through the
If based to the New found with DVI to to DVI to VGA included with the to to the VGA Dont try to force to with or of You the or Connecting to Computers and Other Connecting to You the to that including PC and computers, and and To to the Computer/ VGA the instructions below. connecting to the to of the following: USB the as to Connecting to the Computer You to the Computer/Component the VGA that with the (the If using the VGA to the Computer/Component and the other to Then to You optional to sound through the or USB to the as
finished instructions turning the and the Connecting the Remote If connected as this chapter the Computer/Component and the USB the to the as wireless This and through slideshow-style such as from to The wireless function with USB XP, 98SE, or or OS to This function to to the the USB that with the of the to the USB the of the to USB or USB Connecting to Computers and Other The function correctly that from earlier of to the of computers Right-
RCA VGA (RGB Connecting to Computers and Other If necessary, to with USB Connecting to You to the the to its If yellow Connecting Source If Connecting Source If (three or Connecting Source If RGB or three R/G/B), Connecting RGB Source connecting to to sound through the
Connecting Source with or purchase from the to the yellow and the yellow the If to sound through the instructions If to other or the instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. Connecting to Computers and Other
Connecting to Computers and Other Connecting Source usually with or purchase from the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions If to other or the instructions turning the and the Once the the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears.
Connecting Source You or this You this (ELPKC19) from information. or the to and the Computer/Component the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. VGA RGB If the players Also, the the to or Connecting to Computers and Other
If the players Connecting to Computers and Other Connecting RGB Source the VGA with the the to the and the Computer/Component the If to sound through the instructions If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. Sound Through the You sound through the To sound through the follow these the and to the the
If connected to the Computer/ If connected to the or and the included with the the other of the to the connector(s) or Connecting to Computers and Other
Connecting to Computers and Other
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the the security features and
The Network option appear the the the You the or the to the and Follow these To the the the or the You to the below: The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the the (or the buttons the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the to through the of of the options or the selected
highlighting the option to the to the to the to sub-screen the Press the or right of the to To from or the to highlight the and the the to and to the previous (or repeatedly to the You the to Restoring the You the options to the factory- the or the To the the whose to and as (The below shows to the To the to their the highlight and the the the or
the the You the to the brightness, sharpness, tint, and Press the the or and the You the the to highlight the option, then as the and brightness the or the the You each Select from these Photo: high-contrast bright Sports or only): TV bright Presentation: (the when from with Theatre: with increased increased when or TV bright matching the of displays.
Blackboard the white Customized: below.) Brightness or the the light and areas. only) the of the only) the of to the or NTSC Sharpness the sharpness of the the Customized RGBCMY to red, and and other RGB selected to red, and and (Not selected as the ABS and K. (Not selected as the Although the normally and the input automatically, the to to the of the and or the aspect ratio to Press the and the the The Brightness the of the LCD You the brightness. Select Brightness the then choose High or (the High You the to the and
Computer/RGB tracking or the with containing to appear as background. If this option isnt projecting text white background. the You to of those below. (The the from.) the to highlight the option, then as this On to the Turn off to to the Tracking this to the this the appears or Turn this On to the If the slightly off or exactly. Select this and the to If the right the the the type of connected to the Computer/Component RGB that
this PAL (then PAL60 Choose aspect ratio of or Normal the You the to the the and other features. the of the the upward. If or the the Sharpness Automatically when the upward. This only when the front of the buttons the the information. choose from three information. the
You the the Its to write If the the Protect Release appear. You and the Network Protect the the Brightness from of brightness. The reduces and and the operating life. or lowers the of the the Security To unauthorized of the the following: Assign this to the to that displayed and/or when the A/V pressed. the buttons; this classroom and to that touches the while the If the the displayed as the and/or Unauthorized off or This to theft and to the should Protection To the If appear the whenever the and turned If incorrect three the and the and to redisplay the If incorrect thirty the user to the
The the Protect function Follow these to protection Press the the about seconds. You this the to On Protect to On Then Press Select and to the and the the and the to four (The the Then the to the Press the the to the If to the temporarily, and Then the while the to the of hours (from to that the If the to the turned the to 0H If the to the the the
the The countdown the as as the Protect (You the this to To Protect and Select On and this the appears whenever turn the the the It appears when the A/V selected the the A/V the of the the when the Protect function Starting the with the function this when and the the the and the to the four The the deactivated, and
If the correct, prompting to the If incorrect three the The locked. and the switches to the Then the from the and the back the Protect Release to the If incorrect the and to If the with the that appears the Protect Release Where To Creating You from or to the and then as You as the when the or when the A/V The photograph, or other to the the to from or such as DVD Then follow these to the and to the Press the the highlight the and the
the Highlight and Choose this as the and selection displays the the to the of the to Then the Select this highlight and the arrow to and the this as the appears, and the or while the the Completed to to the Choosing to the as the You to as the when theres or when the A/V Press the highlight the and
Select and Highlight Background when there or A/V and Select and finished, to the the function, the buttons, or buttons the button. Press the button, highlight the and Select and the Select (to buttons) or (to buttons the and Select and to the Press the to and You the to the the or off, and other operations. Press the the seconds to the function. the
If Direct On the connected, and the when the restored. the the this to off the of the background or off the as Projection Select (to from the front of and right (when the mounted from the Rear (to from or Rear/Ceiling (to from when the mounted from the of the the cool-down turn off. You to hear the Direct On to the when the connected (without the to the off (and received) or when the A/V Closed. High when the 21L this to to the as USB-connected Select from to the
warning of the it off and the cord. the the cover. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the and the and or to cool the The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the and Transporting the
thinner, or other These the the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the
Cleaning the and Clean the and every hours of If they cleaned periodically, they become with This overheating and the Follow these Turn off the the light to flashing, then the cord. Turn the To the and and other office If the with (such as paintbrush). If the to or the the as or 800-GO-EPSON to the To V13H13408. information.
should the To the Turn off this when to the of the warning the cool the that the and should to If the the passed, the that the increases. appears, the with as as the the and The of the about hours Brightness the to High and hours Brightness to It to the when: The or to The the appears the when the and the warning light flashes To and quality, the as as The warning light flashes (the burnt or 800-GO-EPSON V13H010L38. Follow these to the and Turn off the the light the cord. the cool least hour The immediately
the cover screw to Then the cover to the and off of the the screws holding the cant them). the as shown and straight Gently the (If easily, facing the right these screws the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the
the the PUSH Once the its screws. the cover, then its screw. Turn the the and the clicks the as the section.
the the to the using the Press the the or the You the the the (or the arrow buttons the to highlight then You this Select Hours and the and finished, or to the the
incurred the Transporting the The and Follow these to the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell then firm with cushioning around the optional from the A/V cover) to the
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. The following information included: the on-screen What to when the lights operation with the or sound with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt the top of the or the The following choices or appears the There sound Select Follow these to Press the the or the You the the the or the the to highlight items. Press the the or the to the To the the If of the to the following
Checking If isnt correctly, first off, to cool (the light flashing and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the What To the Lights The lights top of the the light to the following of the lights: lights Light The or You or the to Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing The cooling You cant back (and should the light flashing and There with the the other lights and the information to the light light
lights Light Flashing There with the or Stop the the and as Flashing cooling Although this the higher. there of around and the and that the and clear. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling then the cord. the back and the the F C), and there of around and the Flashing Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the Flashing The burnt First the securely If thats the the the and as If this the as Flashing off of internal the and as The clogged. Clean or them as If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or as Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself.
and Other Information the Info to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the and highlight the Info You the hours and input the right. The of the about hours the Brightness the to High and hours the Brightness to the hours this to the of The If the when the the connected to the and The the from the outlet and as to the A/V closed. The buttons the If the function cant the buttons the using the instead. information about the Operation function. The information the input currently selected.
with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing. The or If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the Press the A/V the to the turned off temporarily. the A/V closed. The attached or the If from DVD or other it and its connected and with the displayed. the connected correctly, as restarting If connected and or to the Source Search the or of the buttons the to the Allow seconds the to pressing the
If PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If OS X: Preferences Click Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click the or the selected. The Not Supported displayed. the input selected the UXGA and the or refresh the If necessary, as below. of the displayed. Press the the the the information.
Press the the Press the the to the function. correct. Ideally, should to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and OS X: Preferences and You to existing created them software information. The isnt keystone-shaped. If the top or of the the or the the If the the from the or right, the the front of the of the facing the squarely. the to the The or If than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference.
The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD the input selected the The There or smears the Clean the as the the the You to the from to the Sharpness the should to the the immediately. If from to the tracking and as the section. If the to to the factory You or the trying the the section. If from and that of or of the characters heavy or Press the the to the and If further the Tracking and manually the as the with containing such as to appear as background, or text white background.
of the used, exactly match the or the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness. The too light or or incorrect. If the option the to the If the and the You the ABS and the the Brightness and the to the The to replaced. instructions. There sound, or the sound enough. Press the the or to increase the A/V (The A/V pressed.) the A/V
the the If VCR or other the turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as If includes the turned the or muted. If the securely connected to both the and headphone or the turned the or to You to this clicking the right of the the turned the You to the from (top right of the or the function with the Remote The to commands. The correctly or To the batteries, within about of the and within of the front or back to the or right and or below). the lights and off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Also, off that such as heater.
If buttons than seconds, the Release that to the Where To these technical services: and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the
of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and Accessories You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
his the location, such as theater or The four front or as shown: Rear To from overhead, the optional mounting information. to or Rear/Ceiling as the Projection option the to the upside-down. To from the rear, Rear or Rear/Ceiling
If mounting the the and to the to the the This the to its You the the function the If the that the of the with the of the the should and to If the than the of the to the to the whole with the
Technical Specifications of TFT active (XGA) Brightness (High Brightness Brightness (High Brightness Brightness ratio to inches Projection to to rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio Brightness High Brightness correction Supports USB (type B) correction)
Technical Specifications Projection UHE High Efficiency) hours (High Brightness hours Brightness V13H010L38 Remote AAA inches retracted inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, to VAC, to VAC, to VAC, to VAC,
to F to C) to F to C) (non-condensing) to RH to to United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC IEC Third Edition EN EN Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the to the (XGA). The of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGA EGA to RH DNX ICs this Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Refresh Rate VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19-60 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM
Refresh Rate HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV TV480i TV480i SDTV SDTV The resized Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications
Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the where the easily the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in of through the of the
Notices as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the from the and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If it normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other with Health
Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that Notices
Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers America, Inc. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-1700/1710
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. Notices
Notices Warranty Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If service, to the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer as instructed its option, or the without or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The exchanged or or refurbished to the of quality, and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers of the or other and This warranty cover other than This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or warranty service should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred.
THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSON'S ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized www.epson.com. To the Customer You the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Notices