EPSON Connecting to the the Software CPD-17267
EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Inc.
Introduction EPSON wirelessly from Apple with or or wireless interface. This includes the following: using the wireless software Software instructions to wireless to to the finished with the instructions this the information about creating or other features the software, the following wirelessly: or OS or or wireless interface At least 256MB of RAM At least 128MB of SVGA or and If the Wireless to the Utility. or Apple technical
the Software the NS software CD-ROM If necessary, the EPSON CD-ROM Double-click the EMP NS The following displays: Click You the software Click then Select the then You the following Click the
the following: wireless the instructions. the EPSON wireless the and EasyMP. the Follow these to wireless From the Apple pull-down Preferences Then the Network You the Network Select Network the pull-down Select Network then Click Apply Then the Dont to This Macintosh. If the other them their boxes. If than the software to off when first to the this
Apple instructions ESSID (computer-to-computer) or Access when Macintosh. the information about the ESSID. performance, to or with of thousands of Click the the Application the top of the You pull-down this: to turned Select ESSID from the pull-down If the ESSID, troubleshooting Wirelessly the EPSON wireless the and the to Macintosh. Double-click the EMP NS Applications
You to the following: Select This If the properly, listed. If EPSON the they listed. The of the to each its GrayThe connected OrangeThe to another GreenThe to Select and If than listed, to four and to them the If turned the when the when prompted and OK (Its the the of You to that another however, the other If assign to the people the as the to
of its function. the Once the established, and floating projected: If necessary, the of the or with Disconnect the If the EMP NS the following: the EPSON the the instructions. If to the EMP NS or the to the of the You should that the ready to If to EMP NS Click the the Application the top of to trying to to the right The ESSID should displayed and selected.
turned Click the the Application and AirPort: On necessary. If the follow the instructions to AirPort. If and together. If Access and to the interference from another the Applications then the Double-click If listed, the station the instructions that with station). If listed, its and IP should the ESSID and the first three of the IP should to the first three of the stations IP The of the IP should to the of the stations IP the should to the stations IP the instructions the Access If to to the IP to manually. the instructions. the Network station. If to DHCP Distribute IP and IP should both about station. Access ESSID and IP shown the of the Network