PM EPSON and Wireless Projecting EMP NS Wireless Projecting Through
PM EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc.
PM Introduction EPSON includes and user that covered the The following Presenting through wireless from of NS and that performance wireless including the to to four once SXGA+ and UXGA through the wired or wireless when the The to MPEG2 and PNG from memory the This instructions the features. and Wireless The EMP NS software This allows to wirelessly from Apple with wireless interface. the software, the following or OS or wireless interface (AirPort) At least 256MB of RAM At least 128MB of free SVGA or and If to the HP SNMP from EPSON.
PM the Software Follow these the EasyMP software CD-ROM You containing the EMP NS Double-click the EMP NS Click You the software Click then the then You the following Click the
PM Network Follow the instructions to and the EPSON the whether or Access to to the Follow the instructions to the the Then follow the instructions to or Access to the to the match the the From the Apple Preferences Then the Network You the Network the to wireless or Ethernet wired Click Apply Then the EMP NS that only selected.
PM If that the EPSON GDI testing, performance, to or with of Thousands Location the location and the the following displayed the the top right of the If the assigned ESSID the and the ESSID from the If the wired LAN Turn EMP NS Projecting includes of EMP NS to If Macintosh, the from those shown this section, the features Follow the instructions to the software, EasyMP, and and to or Access Then follow these wireless Then of the following: EMP NS from the Macintosh: the EMP NS Applications
PM The first NS to Select the IP and OK You the below. (If NS or using Macintosh, this the first If the properly, listed. If EPSON the they listed, with their If the Switch and to to the Switch LAN On network Select This If IP allow to appear. If DHCP, the to the IP
PM The to the than the If encrypted, and encrypted This security the The of the the the connected Red: the connected to another the connected to If the following: wireless enough to establish SSID matches the ESSID assigned to the CONF ROOM that both the SSID and ESSID If using Access the and the the and the and NS If and using Access follow the instructions Connecting IP to to the Once the of appears, and If than listed, to four and to them the If the selected already another to however, the other If the to connecting, this
PM the displayed the Network and OK Once the established, to the and floating If necessary, the of the or with the the Clicking of the the to appear the clicking the displays the following
PM If than the to the to which to of the following Brightness Increase or Click to the top of the or to the (this option functions the buttons the Increase or from to the and displays (the when from with bright Theatre (the and Clicking the the following and allows to the and the arrow the right to the the and buttons the to through slideshow. This the as when to the with the USB
PM Connecting IP and (Access only) or connecting routers, establish manually IP NS the to which to You this Click the You this and routers they the this to automatically. Click Select this
PM You to to the and to four the If NS to from the with the first Select IP and OK You the following Click IP You this the IP and Search Click the IP and Search
PM The IP appears the and searching This search This appears the search to the If the search to with the specified IP the searching If this to the IP then this Click the to to, then the If than listed, and to them the If prompted the displayed the Network and OK The transmitted to the the and about using the floating
PM IP when the to group. If DHCP, the IP off and and to the group. You as to and easy to other computers. You or information as to another connected to the and the as the to the group, or the that or information. Creating You to as group, and of wireless NS Then the the EMP NS You this Select these Select IP and
PM Click the Advanced You this the the Then the IP of the to the IP You the or
PM To from the group, from the and Click The IP appears the of and the searching appears If the found, its appears the and each to to the group. Click OK to the as group. Click to the Advanced Click OK to the then NS
PM Connecting to Follow these to to group: NS Then the the EMP NS You this Select these IP and You the following
PM From the choose the to to and OK You this If this IP Click IP (If the the IP rather than search this You this Select the Then Select the to to and
PM If to to The appears the Exporting You information as to another the wireless This to with users. NS Then the the EMP NS You this Select these boxes Select IP and Then the Advanced You of the the You cant group, to the to to If wireless to as
PM If created the You least the active. You this Click to the Highlight the NSGroup.ini and then to Choose location the and click To to the from the follow the
PM You information as to another the wireless NS Then the the EMP NS You this Select these Select IP and Then the button. You this Click
PM On the the to and The of of the the to the the Advanced To to the from the follow the You to of with the wireless or wired LAN of the following: the EPSON wireless and to Access LAN and wired Turn and Press the the to switch to You the following Select the right of the and the
PM You the following If connecting wired LAN to If connecting wireless with the Wireless only: On the Network the Advanced to the Access Press the the below, and Select Select Advanced The ESSID option wired LAN
PM the and buttons the to and numbers. You such as and such as the or Then the right arrow to to the To the arrow to to the previous You the following ON and the Highlight the IP of SMTP and The of the to input You and the following IP or (where and Highlight the and Then the SMTP The and Highlight the Destination and the the first that to You of characters. If to to or other computers, those Destination and Destination Select the which
PM highlight the OK the top of the then Highlight the OK and to to the Network the If to each of the EMP NetworkManager. The includes the heading EPSON the The of the the of the the IP of the The to the reported EMP Fan-related cover Overheating turned off automatically) High-speed cooling (the too to (the nearing the of its life) If appears the that occurred. appears when the or If it to the
PM Through includes of the software only). This allows to the MPEG2 and PNG to You incorporate the following stretch You the CardPlayer to back MPEG2 This the as slideshow or the CardPlayer MPEG2 with the following specifications: to to (MP2) information, Chapter
PM
PM CPD-17100R1 Printed XXX