light light switch LCD light cover Specifications ready light battery cover battery cover Technical Product type cover interface memory optional memory Photographic to infinity to infiity with optional EPSON to to Physical Height without AA Sources lithium, rechargeable or rechargeable EPSON EPSON CCD (charge coupled (high DIN Rs232C DIN (Macintosh) with RS232C interface 2MB memory (0.3MB memory) 2MB (0.5MB memory chips) 4MB (0.5MB memory chips) to LCD to ISO to F2.8/8 reduction, off, forced Optional AC
EPSON Approximately Battery TM with of the following: four AA Cl AA lithium life) Cl Rechargeable AA AA If the LCD rechargeable or lithium recommended. To the OY ofbatteries. allow the to such as OY which the batterys the following when batteries: four the or batteries. them or them to fire. Cl the of the and them location. of to the instructions and with government agency information about recycling and If rechargeable them with four If recharge them of them completely recharging. EPSON Approximately (high the flashed and non-flashed without the EPSON LCD attached). Checking the Battery the the The shows the following (or AC Ir Battery Battery Follow these to the off, then the the of the or screwdriver, the cover the of the arrow and that while the cover four the them as shown. the cover, that
The The of It information about the of the and The You the following the buttons the top of the CI You the from the memory. and off the they to their factory when or the The built-in these four which effective within of to AUTO the to off whenever (factory reduction the to while the This the subjects from appearing red. off the Forced the to off every EPSON The the following High the to high This the factory the to this The the the and the Press the with pointed to the from the memory. Connecting the to PC Follow these to the to PC to Press the the and the cover. (If EPSON LCD attached to the to the cover.) the arrow the with the notch the as shown. the the other of the to of the and the screws. Turn the and the appears the of the counter the the connected to the PC, the or of the buttons. EPSON
EPSON the EPSON software and the EPSON TWAIN and to to the PC; the EPSON instructions. EPSON and chooses the that with operating If ~YYOY when to to the PC, the PC. You the of the following and NT) Connecting the to Follow these to the to to Press the arrows the cover and the cover. (If EPSON LCD to the to the cover.) the PC the arrow the with the notch the as shown. the the DB9 the PC to the DB9 the the screws. EPSON than the to DB9 the other of the to the or the Turn the and the appears the of the counter the the connected to the the or of the buttons. EPSON software and the EPSON TWAIN and to to the Macintosh; the EPSON instructions. EPSON and chooses the that with operating If ~YYOY when try to to the the than the You the $Y ax;6$;hejbllowing to DB9 PC
the EPSON and PhotoFix LCD as follows: Cl clean, cloth to the and PhotoFix LCD of If cleaning the off then breathe the and off the with cloth or cleaning Cl too the or the LCD If necessary, the with cloth. Cl cleaners. Cl the switched off) when the Cl the LCD from the when with or when Cl the LCD attached to the that switched off and that the LCD attached. the or the LCD to the following: Direct sunlight, bright light or heat (such as closed humidity, or Optional LCD Physical Technical LCD the LCD the EPSON TFT LCD The EPSON LCD allows to Playback or from the front of the The following top of the LCD of to these features, the EPSON EPSON that already to and what the to the of the to You as as inches from the You the to selecting to of the when the Playback to the brightness when the or to through the memory when the Playback
EPSON Attaching the Optional LCD Follow these to the optional EPSON LCD to the turned off. the LCD switch to the OFF Pressing the arrow the LCD cover with thumb, the cover from the the cover the LCD the The should facing While holding the with hand, the LCD the LCD LCD the Optional LCD Follow these to the LCD from the Turn the off, and the LCD switch to OFF. the with the back facing the with right hand, to the release the LCD release While holding the the LCD from the the the LCD cover the back of the EPSON Other Optional You increase the 2MB or 4MB PhotoSparP memory as this With 2MB With 4MB 2MB internal PhotoSpan of memory A882401 A882411 At high At the EPSON instructions You the to outlet using the AC (B867027) to when to the or PC, or operating the from The charge the batteries. Optional or wide-angle and To screw the as shown: memory the the to the then them from the and turn the off. CAUTION: to electricity and easily touching the and the Follow these to the memory to release the cover. TM Memory
the cover and the the as shown below. the of the that notches with the the the Removing Memory the location of the Press the the the of the force the If to that correctly. the cover the It should EPSON The the indicating increases to expanded capacity. With the expanded memory, the the and when the To reduce this the ready to the then the of the PhotoSpan Memory Follow these to the memory CAUTION and the repeatedly. Doing or the memory Turn the off and the memory cover. Press the the of the memory to the slightly of the the of the memory and and of the to the of the the memory cover. EPSON
EPSON Information Reference Notices Product Technical Related CPD4185 CPD4186 EPSON