Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or Notations Used This Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. the section of the "Appendices". The indicated should the of the Indicates operating and the of operations. Indicates where information topic found. Procedure Indicates the of the the or the Indicates items. "Brightness"
The A/V easy to and easily and closing the A/V which clear You and Carrying easy as there and B5 and high) with light the carrying with the and to and light ease of classified and to and to their You the without to the to first. EMP-1715/1705: EMP-1710/1700: cool who the Protect to and users Security Functions finished the Once hear the and off sounds when the turned the cooling the the sounds Ease of restricts the You this to people without and foot to with hand. You easily height
Security than You as of the Strengthened security of wireless LAN to easily EMP-1715/1705 You to operations and You each the or the displays while only the displays. and third and wireless Wireless LAN You to the easily to with wireless LAN to USB (USB from the to Operation You without showing spectators operations only from or other You to and then playback. without without
and the of the when the such as Function foot and Functions the foot to and the front foot. Foot the closing the and the sound (A/V when the to A/V the to and the A/V from the the A/V C this the Wireless LAN the to wireless Whether they flashing or the of USB A. the LAN (EMP-1715/1705 only) (EMP-1715/1705 USB only) this when the cover that become warped or otherwise affected heat the and or the while Function C
and Functions If when or displayed, these buttons Corrects items and buttons Function displayed, to the If when the function. shows to with they and the which If when or displayed, these buttons the sound items and buttons Turns the or off. Function C The of the and whether they flashing or the of the and the or If of the selection and to the the synchronization, and to the displayed, and C connected to the and to the input that [Source Search]
and Functions and USBs, and the memory and with the PC of Function USB (EMP-1715/1705 only) Rear from other from and from from the (EMP-1715/ with the PC function of EasyMP, the to the of connected only). from Also, when the wireless function, USB and the the the to to USB (EMP-1715/1705 only). USB Function C from the Remote C to the Security
and Functions when it to or the This and other from the when The displays warning Function C and the of the when the such as C Foot foot Wireless LAN This screw to the wireless or LAN Turn to and to the Rear foot wireless or Screw to LAN the optional mount when the from Function fixing
and Functions the without the of that the Function Remote pressing the Network (EMP- the wireless function and only), the buttons. Down] buttons or selection and to the Acts as when the wireless displayed, and the function. the function. If when displayed, it to the previous Acts as right when the wireless function. C C Press to the the and or off. [A/V with the EMP-1710/1700 (EMP-1715/ to the This only).
and Functions and the Function to from the Function [Computer] this when or ID. Each the pressed, the or unpaused. If of the synchronization, and to the to from the to from the activated, this the the wireless function or displayed, selects items and the the or off. these when or ID. connected to the and to the input that [Search] light-emitting The aspect ratio each the pressed. Decreases the Increases the shows to with they and the which
Functions This and and the security Summary of Procedure............................... Screen ID.............................................................. Correction Several Security Protect)............................... of Protect Protect................................................................ the Restricting the the (Source Search)..............................13 Directly from the Remote Automatically Incoming and Functions Projection................. (Selecting (A/V the the Aspect Ratiog Function of the (Wireless the Remote to the the and Sound Temporarily Selecting the Projection Quality
the the connected and the input from the You the to to the input You the the following The input from Source Search directly projected. the Projected or of connected, the [Source Search] the projected. Automatically Incoming and the (Source Search) The following showing the of currently or when about seconds, the connected to If found. You the input where the when the that the (EMP-1715/1705 only) input when the [Source You the as input with Search] the wireless LAN (EMP-1715/1705 only). when using EMP-1715/1705. The input where input connected, playback this operation. Procedure
the Projected You directly to the the following buttons the Directly from the (EMP-1715/1705 only) to the to from the to from the to from the
Remote Procedure Functions Projection You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The brightness of the the selected. Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting the button, the displayed the and the such as bright The and brought input) TV bright or The and brought to life. input) Sports Application that to the bright Theatre bright The the from the If the while the displayed the to the this tint, when Blackboard You to
Functions You choose to or as the A/V If this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V the "Extended"-"Display"-"A/V from the activated. or to such as when You this when to the what from the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the supply to off the A/V closed and A/V about from the Remote Procedure the or the A/V or closed, A/V or off.
Functions You the aspect ratio as follows. connected, that recorded or the Aspect Ratio from without the photo. Also, operations such as the the screen the to function activated the Remote Procedure You the aspect ratio as follows. Normal (only when RGB) Each the or off. Remote Procedure to from the where If the while the while the and or displayed, the or The to playback the while used. cleared.
Functions This allows to the and to the about. Function Each the button, the aspect the and the aspect If the while the aspect displayed the to the aspect the Remote Procedure The the from the the the appears or
Functions Projection This when to to them such as and of the the Remote Remote Procedure You choose from three of from the
Functions Projection the wireless to this connected USB A-B If the USB of and the USB the back of the the Remote to the (Wireless the to the of the that to Remote Edition/XP Professional (OS Remote C To USB USB To USB The ratio appears the The selected to to the to the the pressed, the expanded. You You reduce the the holding the Press the to
Functions Once the the operated as follows. clicks the The USB connected to with to It to the function of Edition/XP of Edition/XP USB interface. If which the Professional that from earlier Professional If the of both the and the further of operation the function to used. the operating guaranteed. Right Double-click: Press the previous or This slideshow. and To To Release the to the and and the the location.
Functions the of the buttons The wireless function while the If the to the While While the function While While following used. While sound function reversed.
than the as ID3. instance, as ID3, when while holding the there Several ID and the and tone of each with that the of from the brightness and tone match completely each match closely. ID" from the Press the and Procedure or using the them individually to and each to the each to that the match Correction from to white the the each each to that they the ID each. to the following Correct. (G/R)" and Correct. (B/Y)". corrections IDs each following ID Summary of Procedure the the the buttons and the operations they the the
Several the the brightness and each Correction Choose the ID to and the You from Each selected, the of the selected Select the to or to or to displayed. Press the and Correction" from the Procedure the ID while holding the and then the and the while holding the the specified with the ID the the C Press the to the to the to the the the You of the ID the and corrections the the and the and to the brightest from C the with "Brightness Correct.". to the from the the displayed to to the brightness from that and the as that the the the The IDs only effective If that the of reacts to ID while holding the Correction"
Several Correct. (G/R)" and Correct. the and the and the and corrections the the the (B/Y)". finished, the to the procedures to finished.
"Network Protect" to "On" Protect" to "On" the Background", and "A/V and the following from the "Network Protect" (EMP-1715/1705 only) the prohibited. Protect" prohibited. You people the the The the following security You who the without Protect Security Functions the This acts as anti-theft as the Furthermore, the that when the to the At the of purchase, Protect activated, people who know the Protect activated. Protect) The following four of to the used. of Protect whenever the turned disconnected from the supply connected to the the to "On" and the On Protect" "On", the the the passed. If the On Protect"
Security Functions While holding the the buttons the the and the The to the within of to hours and then the If counter when the and then the The count only while the and The already counted and then the "On", and then the If this to C Turn Press the while turned off. the following to Protect. Protect the about The displayed. seconds. Remote Procedure Select Protect", and then the button. Select "On", and then the Turn Protect". Press the Select "Network Protect", and then the Turn "Network Protect" (EMP-1715/1705 only). Select "On", and then the button. Press the If the correctly, the If Protect already activated, displayed. the the Select On Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Turn On Protect". Press the button. the as further the the theft
Security Functions the displayed, the the buttons the the and then the The displayed as the fourth the If the shown using the buttons. The The the displayed, the this to While holding the four Select and then the button. displayed. the While holding the the the the buttons. Procedure about and then the switches to outlet and then and the that appears the and the If incorrect three the If the of the "The locked." displayed back The displays the the World-Wide Warranty If this the from the that the buttons If to the and input the "The locked. displayed and the thirty the following as If the incorrectly, displayed The accepted." displayed. prompting to the the
Security Functions operations from the including turning the or of the following to the operation the of the the locked. You of the buttons the the locked. off. Restricting the buttons and the operations they the the Select or This useful or shows when to buttons and only or when to operation. The operated the The buttons to the C Select when the displayed. chose. Press the and the Procedure about seconds, displayed and Press and the the From the You release the of the from the following the released. the the
This chapter to the and its the of Network (EMP-1715/1705 Only) Info Only).................................................38
C the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the Top Select the to the the
Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each of Functions Function You the of the to surroundings. You the light and the You the the You the brightness. Brightness You the of the You tints from to K. high selected the (This item selected selected as the the becomes with when selected the becomes with red. R, G, B, C, M, You the of each (red), C individually. (This item selected or "Customized" selected from (This item selected when "Customized" selected from Red, You the of each individually. You choosing of the following only when NTSC input You the tint. You the sharpness. Sharpness You the to their To items to their
of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each You whether, when the input the to the (On) or You the and right when of the that of the projected. You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking Function If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected IP each the This with amount of On: This when input) If appear correctly when to the to the If to the input to the connected You the input from You the aspect ratio You the to their To items to their
of Functions EMP-1710/1700 EMP-1715/1705 (This item selected when selected from "Projection") You automatically. Function You this to operation of the You You the of the You from amplifier's built-in this to You from the built-in You the EasyMP. The effective when with EasyMP. this to Select the too bright such as when or selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and reduced. about life: about You the brightness to of Brightness You the to their To items to their You the (EMP-1715/1705 only)
of Functions You whether to (On) or the when the input the when Background You the when to "Black", or You the (the when the or A/V You the A/V as "Black", or the when input, and You related to the EMP-1710/1700 EMP-1715/1705 Function Protect" to "On" Protect", concerning You to or "Rear/Ceiling", the immediately because cool the You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" turned off. Protect" to You the that displayed as background and A/V You from the following to the the Projection
of Functions to "On" and the connected to that of electricity when You whether (On) or when operations about while You whether the off (On) or about when the A/V closed. to the of purchase, to off the Direct On You whether Direct On (On) or High to "On" when the of back the to automatically. input. Function You SNMP to and the of the the or using the "EMP software with this You and functions while the when this to "Network On". (EMP-1715/1705 only) to "EasyMP" when the and connected USB and projected. Wireless LAN ID Correction" which You from to white to and each 1to "Brightness Correct. (G/R) Correct. (B/Y): You the the of each The IDs only effective Correction" Brightness Correct.: Corrects the the brightness of each Correction You the following to when IDs Correct." and Correct". You the and of each when and You whether or to EMP software. (Select "USB B" to 21L".) 21L (EMP-1715/1705 USB only) Protect" to "On" Protect", relating to You Protect" to You and the to their To items to their You the displays. "High
of Functions "Network Protect" to "On" Protect", and the You "Network Protect" to Network (EMP-1715/1705 Only) You the network the LAN Function To Network
of Functions the of the and the of the Items displayed the currently as shown the following screen shots. Info Only) You the of "Computer" the to the "Source". You the input the connected currently projected. Source Function reaches the warning the characters displayed yellow. You the operating You the of the This information service required. The as "0H" the first hours. You the information. Info You the input You the refresh Refresh Rate
of Functions The following items to their items You items to their and You clear the hours and to "0H". when the Function
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found. the Reading the lights or flashing o the relating to when Other
the the C Confirm the selection. If with the displays to the the the operations as and to through the to items. Press the to the the Press the button. The displayed. Procedure Select If to the to the the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the Warm-up about seconds. the flashing. the this Projection Warm-up The with the following three that the operating of the Indicates the operating Reading the Indicates the internal Indicates the If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. when the the this to the following to what the and to that they
lights or Stop using the the from the and or the the World-Wide Warranty Terms using the the from the and or the the World-Wide Warranty Terms The off and about about the that the and clear, and that the switches to the following If the clogged, or High (overheating) If the the the the from the and or the the World-Wide Warranty Terms of or "High to "On". the and cracked. the following If the Stop the the from the and or the the World-Wide Warranty Terms If the the with and the If cracked the and the yourself, to of the If cracked with or further If the replaced). Clean the of or "High to "On". If the cover or the securely the switch that the cover and the securely
to the Flashing or flashing o or Warning If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) If the clogged, or High Warning with If the or the the World-Wide If the operating properly, though the showing to the Warranty
sound heard or the sound Other If of the following and the offer to the each the The abnormality the the completely the completely and from appear and nothing displayed Projection appear relating to The or or the aspect such as interference, or white appear. Interference or appears The "Not supported." The displayed or of The whole appears or white, and LCD reproduction appearing the match, this performance, that the the and the appear and of of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and right appear when
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. that or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? input such as completely the completely of the the correct? Press the to turn the the the A/V the A/V closed? the to the the connected the correct? the to only. the to the LCD and the when from when displayed Press the to the If to the to to "On"? or with built-in LCD when from
the to the the connected the correct? The "Not supported." to the to the and the refresh from the of displays" when from when the and the refresh to the The displayed or accessory Computer's title such as or "Connecting when the externally, they appear the LCD that the to Turn the the If the to the LCD or to the accessory If the while the of the or turned the function to the to as as the own and the off and then back the to the the pressing the [Source Search] the or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned or with built-in LCD when from The recommended from to to within this the the Turn the to the the correctly? or of the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If If the from to or the turn the off and the to the the to reduce the amount of correction. the too
the to the the the correct? Interference or appear Press the the or the the to and from the If the correctly the If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? that the securely connected. the correctly? the that the with this of Supported Displays" the selected? when from when the and "Tracking correctly? Press the the to the aspect the of "Normal", and the aspect to the projected? Press the the to the The or or the aspect when when Press the the or the the to from other while of the projected. If the correctly the from the from the correctly? If activated the Properties" of the about of the the screen To the the off the the the that the with the of Supported Displays" the selected? when when
from connected to the following to the the connected the input match the from the right the from the "Image"-"Color the correctly? from connected to or the Saturation" and "Tint" from the "Image"-"Color Saturation", "Tint" the and correctly? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the "Brightness" from the "Image"-"Brightness" the brightness correctly? the "Contrast" from the the correctly? the "Brightness" and "Brightness from the "Image"-"Brightness" "Settings"-"Brightness the brightness and correctly? the from the the correctly? when from appear the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the when The connected correctly or normally. that or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the to the the
There the or the the and or the the World-Wide Warranty If this the using the the from the Terms the and off when the touched? Press and the the about seconds, displayed and the released. the to sound heard or the sound Other EMP-1715/1705, and from the from the built-in the to "EasyMP output the Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the to the that the connected to the the connected correctly? EMP-1715/1705 The operating the about horizontally, and about vertically. the the receiver. the location where light the receiver. The operating the about the too from the the light-emitting towards the the when operated? sunlight or light from the receiver? The This to the If of the buttons the than seconds, the the buttons such as when or top of the released, operation the correctly or the with necessary. the or the correctly? than seconds?
To the function when the "Network On" from the to "Network On"? abnormality the (EMP-1715/1705 only) If the or the the World-Wide the to Warranty Terms that outlet or functioning correctly. to the abnormality and the to
Optional and Optional of ESC/VP21 Commands.............................67 Command USB USB (EMP-1715/1705 only).............................69 of Supported Specifications......................................................71 Appearance..........................................................74 Index.....................................................................75 This chapter information to the of performance from the to Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote the to the the operating the How to the Screen and Connecting to Connecting to
from (Rear from front of the The the following four the and the from from (Rear/Ceiling projection) the and the from from front of the its mount. This serious to to the screws from and the its This malfunctions of when the the the crack causing to from from or things such as or If the mount to the screws from mount). If or the mount, correctly, causing and injury. the mount and the or and to You the as follows the [A/V the about "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" seconds. the immediately to or cool the turned off. optional mount when the from
If collects the the of the to and this to with and the service life. Clean the immediately when the displayed. You should clean the becomes or the of to Cleaning containing amount of and then wring the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with cloth to the Cleaning the cloth cleaning to the the The of the or such as or thinner to become Cleaning the If displayed, cleaning, to the with It recommended that these least once every three months. Clean them often than this the the with or the to shocks, as easily become Cleaning the and "The overheating. nothing the and clean or the to the Clean the and the when the following displayed.
the with batteries. Attention This section to the batteries, the and the the of the and the to the the If the of the or that the becoming this them with batteries. ready to when required. the Remote Press the cover it clicks C the cover. While the cover catch, the cover the cover. the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the Instructions Procedure Catch
The to appear the following to the and of the "Brightness It to the when: the passed, the that the increases. If to the the the appears, the with the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the appears. You should continually high brightness: About hours brightness: About hours as as ready incase The the displayed when to the displayed. The flashes and should to the of the cover, when the cover If of the cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the cooled sufficiently If the of which the cover gently. of the should that the the there that the or mouth, immediately. the to cool enough. Flashing The or to
C the fixing screws. the off the and the Procedure the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver the cooled then with the or head screwdriver. Then the cover straight and to the cover. If the cracked, with or further If the yourself, to of the
the cover. the the the that fits and the "PUSH", once the screws. the the off as Please regulations or If the or the cover correctly, the This includes that mercury the securely. If the cover recycling. of with The records the turned and and when to the the the hours from the the operating the operating the replaced, otherwise the indicated correctly.
the from the and clicks C the nothing the and or the the "The overheating. though the cleaned. It to the when: The ripped. the The when the from to the of properly with of the section: Polycarbonate, ABS of the section: Polyurethane resin the of the and to the confirmation the off the and the Procedure
the From the You the that currently as the buttons and the operations they the the the to as the and then the the Procedure If Protect" from Protect" You to "On", and the Protect" to the the C "Choose this as the displayed, or the function If selected when currently the the or the the to the as to the of the
"Select this displayed, The recorded and selection displayed. the to the of the to as the Select the factor from the The the the the this as the displayed, "Completed." displayed. the about seconds. the or connected while Once the otherwise malfunctions to the factory the the You to
Units: Units: Units: from the of the to the of the to the following to choose the The and to to to to to to to to to to to to Screen of to to to to to to to to Screen of
Connecting to You the with the PC of with and the with as the from the and with the amplifier's built-in the to sound. Connecting to To To from the using LAN
or the the World-Wide of to the from to this Warranty Terms when the mount ELPMB18 Optional Accessories and The following of optional as of July, of to without and the country of purchase. as ELPAF08 as ELPLP38 this to with the Soft carrying ELPKS16B that easily. (Aspect ratio ELPSC06 roll-type (Aspect ratio ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 Optional of these the with the HD-15 PC ELPKC10 HD-15 ELPKC09 too This the as the with the HD-15 ELPKC02 this when connecting to LAN Ethernet ELPAP02 ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 when the high ELPFC03 to ELPKC19
the software and instructions using the software and to software that allows the to connected to that the to the www.epson.com and the section of EMP This section easily terms that with the and that the text of this to other publications. Network which the and such as routers and to TCP/IP SNMP Definition that to which the HDTV High-Definition SDTV High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or reception and playback (or aspect ratio of HDTV international that that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the to type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SXGA type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SVGA which the and to to that of and C of whereby the that from to right and then from top to The and alternately. The ratio and its HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Aspect ratio The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of type of with of that IBM computers. XGA type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. VGA to that of three and which the and to that the and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, and SECAM this the that they the recording these played back the they to their as
of The of matching the phases of these (the of the and the troughs The from If the match this the the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference Synchronization The security with the Security You about the Security the Security The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh and Refresh of whereby the from from top to to of The of the of these (the of the The from If the match this the If tracking correctly, appear the Tracking sound Normal that which to this and
Connector USB B) USB If the terminates abnormally, the ON command to the the and the input, the the and and then the command. turned and of ESC/VP21 Commands Command <At the <At the B) Command Item PWR ON ON ON/OFF You the USB (EMP-1715/1705 only) as USB SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF PWR OFF OFF only) (EMP- (CR) to the of each and MUTE OFF OFF MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL MSEL
of ESC/VP21 Commands To the ESC/VP21 commands USB the following USB to and the section of Download the USB (USB-COM from the to Procedure 21L" to "On" "USB B" to C 21L" to "On" from the 21L" from the the EMP-1715/1705 the downloaded USB Read the instructions displayed the
and Information Association) as network-compatible as of their The with the Class established It with commands the following commands Class and the Class established the JBMIA to the JBMIA. (EMP-1715/1705 only) Command Function Non-compatible commands AVMT AVMT AVMT AVMT and displayed information EPSON Command Connector INPT INPT INPT "Product information EMP-1715/1705
Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratio Refresh Rate of Supported Used of Refresh Rate SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV VGAEGA VGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA Aspect Ratio TV (NTSC, NTSC4.43) Aspect Ratio Refresh Rate SXGA SXGA UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" SXGA PAL, PAL60, M-PAL, N- TV (PAL, SECAM) MAC21" SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV when other than those input, that the VGA However, supported. the
this TM DNX ICs EMP-1710/1700 (W) (H) (D) including EMP-1715/1705 Product Specifications to to than and If the of of XGA (W) (H) UHE W, ELPLP38 Polysilicon TFT active (about to to to to AC AC to supply to to to 35C USB B) USB A) USB B) USB Approx to +60C DIN RCA Connectors USB A) USB wireless/ LAN The wireless LAN with the or the optional LAN The USB that USB
Specifications FCC 15B Class USA EMC UL60950-1 USA The EMC Directive EN55022, Class IEC/EN61000-3-2 IEC/EN61000-3-3 (89/336/EEC) EN55024 EU ICES-003 Class The Directive IEC/EN60950-1 (73/23/EEC) EU CSA C22.2 AS/NZS CISPR Class Australia/New
Specifications Class to of the FCC These there that interference reception, which turning the off and the installation. If this interference to and instructions, interference to or reception. and, and with the to reasonable protection interference to to the interference or of the This tested and found to comply with the installation. This and the outlet from that to the or technician Increase the the and receiver. FCC United States or the which the connected. following Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class According to 47CFR, and DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Computers Airport CA America, Inc. MS: Located and interference which the established the than interface connected to FCC this It the responsibility of the to and the FCC or Declaration of this shielded interface with this If this the authority to the interfaces. or the The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING tested and found to with the Records with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class within the accepted, to and testing to the expected to as 47CFR to the Each to the responsibility that the following FCC forth This The wireless LAN WN6501CEP with should and operated with FCC Radiation the and of Product EPSON EMP-1715/EMP-1710 EMP-1705/EMP-1700
3-M4 Appearance of from of to fixing Units: