TM
This the Class from as the interference of the of FOR CANADIAN USERS and reception. there that interference This tested and found to comply with the reception, which turning the off and the and and, and with the instructions, interference to to to the interference or of the following reasonable protection interference installation. This to of the FCC These to installation. If this interference to and FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the the FCC of this and interference that than interface connected to to and shielded interface with this If this The of non-shielded interface to this interfaces. the outlet from that to which the connected Increase the the and WARNING or the or the the authority to the
Copyright of United States the knowledgeable attorney, and photographing copying those photographing of copyrighted Although Section of the U.S. as as people the of published without the of the copyright photocopiers, implied, or with to anything this and or indirect, or allow the of or this America representations or or of merchantability and DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY IMPORTANT NOTICE apply to rights of this publication reproduced, mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written this publication and features to from the of the information contained or transmitted, or of America, Inc. with to the of information COPYRIGHT NOTICE without EPSON of Corporation. TRADEMARKS and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights Other those CPD3585 Copyright Inc. California, USA NOTE CONCERNING RESPONSIBLE USE OF COPYRIGHTED MATERIALS EasyPhoto and the EasyPhoto of Software, Inc. and PhotoSpan of America, Inc. EPSON service of America, Inc.
of the EasyTouch with Shut-off Turning the On and Checking the Counter Checking the Battery the Chapter with Where to Software Services Optional Accessories Where to Instructions Chapter Started Introduction Connecting to to from with EasyPhoto Software the to the Removing the Unpacking the Strap
from the Caring the Chapter and Troubleshooting with Copy and with and Closing EasyPhoto or Information Cutting, and as Brightness and with the Workshop Information and Removing Red-Eye Colors Chapter Working with A-1 A-2 A-4 A-5 PhotoSpan Memory Memory the Universal AC Optional B-1 B-1 B-2 B-2 Physical Photographic Technical A: Optional B: Specifications Ready to Advanced the Shut-off the Clock Advanced
Introduction Town Around Either everything including and immediately them You You and or thePhotoPC or the Connectivity and PC software that to easy-to-use that to EPSON revolutionary, them while those to to reservations the the of year. to the and welcoming to the customers. The people to the and closed The southwestern seated the Community River arts and crafts Flower featuring fresh flowers, Street Flower flowers off the this month, Street early month. Spotlight Street Flower right with business or professional and with and brochures. the and to or with Sports Health This of back his fourth straight win. The from officially off. This morning. the increased to Introduction
EPSON offers the following optional AC with 2MB and 4MB memory Optional and includes with 1MB internal memory high-resolution or the following features: You and with or higher or from leading such as Software or At least 15MB free 8MB RAM (16MB recommended) with both and and recording each shut-off to Self-timer VGA or SVGA with least (thousands of recommended). EasyPhoto software that and or and white to with (or PC with Introduction
If connected to the and specifications, and EPSON If the to helpful products through the services below. Services World EPSON the following services when If purchased and/or Connectivity the United through of Authorized EPSON Customer States or EPSON and service Where to and the EPSON Chat To users to Whats New, EPSON Products, with EPSON around the EPSON includes World to the EPSON the and EPSON Corporate Info, and EPSON SM information EPSON Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Technical with the installation, and EPSON technical information service Product and products. of EPSON products Customer Customer relations and from FTP FTP If to the and FTP or to ftp.epson.com with the as the EPSON FTP anonymous and products from EPSON (U.S. only). the United States or EPSON or the If with EasyPhoto software, Software as You purchase or EPSON GO-EPSON. If purchased location and service. Introduction
To of this offer, the United States and and other countries, the following U.S. telephone or Where to Software CompuServe software to with and to the that with software information. membership required. You the EPSON Download Service (BBS) EPSON Download Service If with EasyPhoto software, If and to the or other service, Software the following Software the following numbers: Telephone: You technical information CompuServe. If already type GO EPSON or and CompuServe the America the to reach the EPSON Fax-on-Demand Service Compuserve America STORMSOFT CompuServe: World UEJR16A If currently of CompuServe, free introductory membership as of EPSON This to CompuServe introductory CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication. ID and membership to: Introduction
To to the optics of the the the of bright light, sunlight, high humidity, heat, or or where to To of to sunlight of or and products. Please to the included with to information software and back to This with which to the the or to from to Allow the to to cover or as instructed this To fire or shock, the to To reduce the of shock, the of these instructions and them reference. follow and instructions the Instructions and off immediately. the and/ or cleaners. off with clean, If the shows such as or thunderstorm. or the AC or cloth. Introduction
Introduction
Started his chapter ready to EasyPhoto software It covers the following: to know the Removing the Attaching the the which includes the shown to the and the Connectivity which includes the shown the the the software Started
cover light light Connectivity as shown below, and the that the the software and that The Connectivity with the of switch TITLE EPSON AMERICA, INC. cover DRAWN BY TITLE DATE to the software cover DRAWN BY TITLE DATE CA EPSON AMERICA, INC. light to learn about its features, as shown to the right. Started
with four AA the turned off, and follow these to the batteries: the cover to the right to release the cover. four the positioning the and as shown the the the them. Press the to them to them when to DRAWN BY TITLE DATE CA EPSON AMERICA, INC. the cover and from the as TITLE DATE EPSON AMERICA, INC. the cover. shown. Started
If that of to the If rechargeable them with four instructions and with government agency information about recycling and wear them with AA lithium life) AA of the following: recharge them of them completely recharging. batteries. allow the to such To the of fire or of AA (shortest life). as or which the batterys the following when batteries: batteries. WARNING the of the or and them location. four the them or them to fire. Started
with as shown the below. off the To the from scratches, covered Removing the To the the around the the of Attaching the Strap the as shown below. EasyPhoto Software from the to and them You EasyPhoto to and with EasyPhoto, software that C TITLE Started
the such as PhotoShop or to If other that This the interface that from the these to The software that includes the the the with the If the Connectivity If the the software that EasyPhoto the that the Follow these to EasyPhoto: the EasyPhoto then the EasyPhoto then First to the PhotoShop or Choose from the Click the the Follow these Double-click the You the EasyPhoto If to the and of each recorded, instructions. Click Click NOTE You PhotoShop or to as as EasyPhoto. Turn to Chapter picture-taking instructions. the to the PhotoShop or Started
with CA PRICED AT family baths, Beautifully with and Family with fireplace CALL KAREN BERGEN REALTORS ANCHOR to to using and shoot This chapter shows everything to know, including the following information: Turning the and off with shut-off the Checking the the Checking the counter. with
button. You to the to off to To the back If than seconds the the switch OFF, and then ON. the with Shut-off To the the switch to the ON lights The light the back of the flashes seconds. flashing and the The and the the top of the Turning the On and ready to If the shut-off. information about the of and the The of and the EasyTouch information, light switch AUTO DRAWN BY TITLE DATE CA EPSON AMERICA, INC. the switch to the OFF to off the The cover and the off. with
the the and the light the flashing. The shows the following the the (or AC Checking the Battery four (If to the hear The flashing light that the the and light below F) The should as to Several factors life, including the surrounding and the type of Battery Battery You another when the light flashing. If the memory to when the the light the light flashes each turned off and the becoming Turn the and the light straight through the and information about Follow these to the flashing. with
the back. bright light the beach or too light. You ND to reduce the amount of light. information. TIP that the off seconds. ON. the to the You To the back the switch OFF, and then to the to NOTE You the following three using the EasyTouch the top of the photographing. If to should or the of You to You should least from the A-5 instructions. and off the The to their factory when or the batteries. NOTE You within of to as the to and the screen them. information and from with
The flash off with every this to when The off whenever lighting (factory Forced AUTO AUTO this effects, or where The when lighting photography prohibited. facing the effective within of to Press the to PhotoPCs built-in three as below, which from to another. The appear the flash DRAWN BY TITLE DATE CA EPSON AMERICA, INC. as shown to the right. with
and high the The You switch freely the and both accordingly. the The least the include to switch from to the other. The high and Press the appear the as shown. The following the and Choose high or high and high TIP High include the (factory with
High with
the and the This allows to of yourself. The the the the flashes when the Follow these to with the the light flashing, the off and The when the The light the back of the flashes as the DRAWN BY TITLE DATE light CA EPSON AMERICA, INC. Press the The the flashes. Turn the and the light Press the button. The light the front of the and seconds. Then flashes the another with
holding the the The You the the memory. While flashes TIP of the The the flashes when such as the the top If to the from the memory. pointed the displays the of The shown below, the the of the the shows Checking the Counter The of If switch and high the of the of high to when switch to AUTO You the to memory. The counter of seconds, the from the with
as the shows than high or the the of the type of instead of this NOTE the memory the of The light the back of the off, and and the Then the and cant the You to the to another Turn to Chapter to to the to and with
Connecting to with finished If the the with the If the optional AC using to the to Macintosh. If the The AC should where bought If AC EPSON the whenever the to Connectivity the that the the to and the This chapter Then them or about to Connecting to from the including: light flashing). Turn off the and and the finished (the (U.S. only). Follow these to the off Macintosh. GO-EPSON. Closing EasyPhoto. with
If the of the to the as shown. to the the the cover the of the Press the arrows arrows and the cover to If the that with the to the as shown, and the arrow TITLE DATE EPSON AMERICA, INC. notch arrow the white of the with the notch the If the the Connectivity the Then the with screws. with
Turn the and Macintosh. appears around the counter the AUTO the or the back of with these the or the the You the connected to Macintosh, cant of the only through TITLE that the connected to Macintosh. NOTE With the arrow the facing the or with the Then the The shut-off when the connected to shut-off of software as inactivity instead of seconds. To the back the switch off and or of the with
ready to You the EasyPhoto software that with or the Connectivity Once and connected and turned If the software following the to instructions the Chooser and inactive. If or as with software, the EasyPhoto or the NOTE Untitled (If EasyPhoto the the and to to the Double-click the EasyPhoto The first Follow these to the to with
To to Macintosh, to EasyPhoto to You to the to appear selecting to To individually, each to and then to Gallery. If Click the and OK. appear by-one the thumbnail of the to the and them the finished, EasyPhoto with the If the too slow, increasing EasyPhoto displays its as and each the to NOTE Turn off the The of and Once EasyPhoto and the that the (such as Photoshop or to information. NOTE If inactive, and correct. information. and the clock the Click below to the and when the These connected the to instructions.) with
(shown to the from the the You the the instructions. NOTE You to individually or when You the to Select as the from rather than once. If to EasyPhoto To software applications, such as spreadsheets, and publishing them You of to the section. Macintosh, them from the turned and connected to Then Click and OK. The appears. and them to the to Gallery. The appears. follow these If to information about the EasyPhoto Workshop, Chapter or EasyPhoto Workshop and or other the EasyPhoto or Tips. of From the EasyPhoto to Click from the and the that to the the its counter to with
You three to to with Copy and Copy and and Copying from EasyPhoto You this to If than 16MB RAM, to increase memory and the memory to information. Follow these to and NOTE when them from the Workshop. Workshop to choose Select from the Alternatively, the to Workshop You that the where to the or other choose the to showing the Click the to and choose Copy from the as shown below. with
of the appears the insertion where to the Choose (or from the word-processing with
Microsoft Word or If You this with that itfor Follow these to and try. If the and or with and the outline where the and release the the to showing the the where to the displays both the and as shown to the right. seconds, of the appears the from the to You of the showing its the with
type to PICT. instructions. Then follow these If cant JPEG to the NOTE If than 16MB RAM, to increase the insertion where to the memory and the memory the where to the to information. It appear the Choose the command. The the or another with
The EasyPhoto to EasyPhoto with from other such as and CDs. You EasyPhoto to with the following CD (read) JPEG (read/write) NOTE choose the command, selection the following: PhotoShop (read) BMP (read) GIF (read) PICT (read/write) EPS (read) TIFF (read) Click the The appears and Closing EasyPhoto finished with follow these to and The and Choose from the EasyPhoto to Click EasyPhoto then to the to whenever the EasyPhoto: with
with
Working with Associates Architects MLS+ the with the Workshop, and to of with To to to and them Chapter You the EasyPhoto This chapter the following EasyPhoto EasyPhoto software, or to software instructions. to with. MLS+Associates the and the relationships with the the of the from the insight their and ideas. This where everyone the community chance to created relationship with people the than of the of the reasons ity of architect throughout the years. The with City Commis- MLS+Associates City of with the Workshop information. and RecreationaLocaions Associates Architects MLS Corporate Working with
Click to title and Click they shown the right. the from the to to information Caption:Colorful California high Colors: 87K thumbnails from to the other. This titles, information about each to thumbnail of and You the the title to the You easily rearrange the clicking and You once and or Information or Press Option and to the title to the following showing technical information information about of and or CD). following information title and location Caption with
using or phrase its title or You Its easy to of You search Follow these to search that another Click the Information the The Follow these to or title: Info appears, as shown: Click the to search text Choose Words from the The following appears: title Where To the or Click OK. EasyPhoto displays that with or phrase their title or the or phrase The title and another the text the title or the Info when finished. with
The of background. You the Choose from the or interactively with the as the that the to as Choose from the Follow these to search the following appears: The first appears the with the once and Stop the lower-right corner: and Click to to the as the EasyPhoto information or to Press to the and to the Click OK. EasyPhoto displays with that Where To the Current or the to the photo. the with
Brightness and Colors Crop Select Select EasyPhotos Workshop the following of to with the Workshop its thumbnail the appears Workshop To Workshop copying, and brightness and red-eye Rotating You editing software such as Photoshop to or NOTE and then to to If the Click the and then Click the the the right. with
You or other software to the Release the when the the Click another or when finished. of NOTE freehand to everything of the Follow You selecting or Click the Select or the Select these Click the Curved arrows appear around the to Rotation information You and it Follow and becomes these the to the to Click the Crop EasyPhoto everything of the the of EasyPhoto appears around the selected selected Release the when the rotated the the of the as Click another or when finished. the to and information displayed the of the as the and its Click the appear the corners of high and distorted. Follow these and becomes with
and relationship of the three red, OK to and the You the the Brightness/Contrast Colors the the the light the of or Click the Brightness and You Brightness and and areas. Follow these the to the right: Click the You the and Follow these below: the of the to to of to the to the to the The shows the of to with
If to the brightness, or only the to the red, and The shows the of Click OK to to the NOTE of peoples appear of that the red. Follow these to the red-eye the to the Click the Select Red-Eye with
Choose from the to selected white (or the there selection) the appears where the EasyPhoto the Choose Copy from the to of the selected The affected. the Click the Red-Eye You the below: finished with the Workshop, should Then of or From the choose to Choose from the to from the from to right or to from top to and another the the the to Choose from the to You Choose from the to to the thumbnails. selected of and to another You You choose or from the to or Click OK to to the Cutting, and with
Choose the type: JPEG or PICT. PICT bytes) than JPEG or them the the Choose or software Workshop choose from the with EasyPhoto, to of type, or to EasyPhoto Information Follow these and with the information. You the Click EasyPhoto of with the EasyPhoto thumbnail the the You of the with the information information. NOTE EasyPhoto to the and which they from the The type JPEG, which high the to the right appears. this EasyPhoto the EasyPhoto the to the where the Working with
Turn both the and Advanced to Double-click the shown below, the The appears, as shown software of the You the directly from This chapter the following: ready to advanced the shut-off the clock You the software to with advanced features. the to as Chapter Ready to Advanced from Follow these to started: Advanced
If the clock, records the and of the from the to to the and recorded, to the Macintosh, exactly when each the Clock You switch and clicking the buttons. You the from the Click the NOTE the that to the to the clock the to and the Follow these to the clock: and the clock. clock from Macintosh. NOTE to shut-off Click OK. EasyPhoto the and The shows the clock. the arrow buttons to these as necessary. Click to and Advanced
Shut-off when the connected to You cant this the NOTE power-saving off the You this the to and Follow these than seconds Shut-off the connected to Macintosh, of only You to this of the to the allow light to the allow to stop-action the based the amount of light The factory which that while the connected to the to the to reduce the or to the right to The Shut-off to as shown the the shows the of the to as Chapter and the as You from to increase To with the flash, to the to stop-action or the manually, cant the forced information. lighting effects. NOTE If the off immediately seconds to the light and to memory. back finished, OK. flashing. Advanced
the to the to to You to these when the You to with You to the the to the to reduce the or to the right the to as Chapter and the as The to To the follow these to to increase the The from finished, OK. to second. Click to Click to Advanced
computers. You to choose the that The following EasyPhoto chooses that with NOTE or the the to the the the and Macintosh. Follow these to the and the connected to to Increasing the allows to from the from the to as Chapter Click the arrow to the You the and the as The shows the Click the arrow to the finished, OK. or the slowly. helpful when and features through the software The This preview from each somewhat that the the the switch. Advanced
You or the the Click to the Click the The appears, as shown If the AC from with of to information about and using the AC NOTE to the The updated three seconds. the off of inactivity. To the the that the the to as Chapter connected to when preview). The Shut-off when the back the switch off and Follow these to from Click the to The Turn both the and Double-click the EasyPhoto appears. shots. appears. Advanced
and features, as the buttons the The the information about the You the buttons to the flash, displays the information as the the Chapter The light flashes and the the to off the and then off To the from the You cant off the when using preview. Click light flashing, the and another NOTE the Advanced
Advanced
and Troubleshooting Then follow these easy to of, and To the first blow off or Then breathe the covered switched off) when the and off with lint-free cloth or clean, cloth to the free of To scratching the too Dont or cleaners. cleaning easy to This chapter covers of the Introduction information where to If cant the this Caring the the following: If necessary, the with cloth. the only the procedures the to the Instructions the Introduction. the and Troubleshooting
The recharging. the The off automatically. the the You to the You cant with the to light, and Where to sunlight, Dont the the following locations: Near of bright light or high Near heat or closed the or the information about and them with The the counter the connected, cant of the the instructions from The connected to Macintosh. to and then them. Chapter the switch and the turned this of and Where to or and with or The the necessary, following the instructions the or forced as the and they correctly. The the necessary, following the instructions the and they correctly. If using the AC The off automatically. the switch off and then and Troubleshooting
too from the to software, choose the that increasing to to and the too quickly. information. You when to from the the turned and the enough the connected correctly, as the Chooser (or Network and to You to and or photo 8MB RAM, increase memory to 16MB. You Increase the memory or other increasing memory. Click the software to this the Memory software following these the software. and to Then If the You to the the and as inactive. Choose Info from the to the might with of the software turning off that unecessary. Increase the memory to 4000K or 5000K. memory and Troubleshooting
of or the or when thousands of You to to Macintoshs least them If with the from or information memory and turning off If the than when them to EPSON least to without the flash, and to within the You should to with the flash. the or of to of the to photography the below and them try. or forced flash, as isnt If to photograph increasing the information the steady hear the about the and Troubleshooting
EasyPhoto or another to the the with brightness and clothing, or other of instructions. You to the flash. the If using the flash, within the EasyPhoto or another editing to the or forced flash, as too (underexposed). of to caused photographing bright light, to ND to The and/or displayed or appears that of light ND-4 If the forced too bright. when You to The light covered or dirty. brightness and too light (overexposed). the to instructions. lighting clock. instructions. the You to the to and the the slightly You EasyPhoto to to the clock. the instructions. The right. If the or the beach to ND ND-4 If facing bright light to shoot from with cloth. should and Troubleshooting
or cleaning as as as they to. and Troubleshooting
This chapter includes the following instructions: Optional flexibility allows to Memory the memory Memory the AC optional to the optional AC The and AC should where 2MB or 4MB memory bought You them from EPSON (U.S. only). with of You increase the To when memory memory board), as the high or You increase the 2MB or 4MB PhotoSpan with 1MB of internal memory, which to A-2. or A-5 wide-angle and effects, and information. GO-EPSON. A-1 Optional
the to the memory cover Press the with thumbs and the the and the as Follow these to PhotoSpan With 4MB A882411 At At high With 2MB PhotoSpan A882401 1MB memory of memory cover from the Once PhotoSpan cant think about whether to Memory the 2MB or the 4MB CAUTION ground touching the and the to electricity and easily the and off. CAUTION A-2 Optional
the cover the and the that the notch with the rounded of the the the the the and the as Press the the the the as shown, rounded the clicks notch the and when the You reduce this the holding ready With memory, the to the and then the of the shows expanded capacity. the of the A-3 Optional
the cover the of the Press the arrows arrows and the cover to to This when and operating the from The Universal AC (A883021) allows to The the the the Universal AC the the DC the TITLE EPSON AMERICA INC the other other than the the and the If the fire, shock, or injury. with that fits. WARNING DC DRAWN BY TITLE DATE CA EPSON AMERICA, INC. To or the finished and off or the AC Then follow these A-4 Optional
the and when using optional information about from CAUTION them. Although or with recommended. the other of the to the of the the Optional To screw the as shown below. DC information. of The to to the the the to You the A-5 Optional
Specifications Physical AA lithium, or rechargeable Sources Optional AC (A883021) Approximately Approximately (without flash B-1 Specifications
to to infinity to ISO Photographic Technical CCD (charge coupled Product type (high to to to forced flash, off RS-232C interface DIN DIN interface 1MB memory memory 2MB (0.5MB memory chips) Optional memory 4MB (0.5MB memory chips) B-2 Specifications