PM Started
copying of copyrighted While countries and of the copyright when and and and copying those as broad as people EPSON each to NOTE CONCERNING RESPONSIBLE USE OF COPYRIGHTED MATERIALS implied, or with to this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this America or warranties, or DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY IMPORTANT NOTICE apply to Monday, AM of Inc. with to rights of this publication reproduced, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written from the of the information this publication and features to without or transmitted, or the of information COPYRIGHT NOTICE EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON TRADEMARKS CORPORATION. CPD-7966R1 Copyright America, Inc. California, USA Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those and of Inc. the United States and other countries and and EPSON FaxAdvice, HyPict, EPSON Photo!2, and of Inc. EPSON SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. of
You and easy-to-use with built-in LCD and EPSON 750Z high PM This the basics and 750Z. instructions using advanced them and them to and with software,
GetStart.book March PM
Unpacking 750Z Ready to the the shown below. to charge the You should using 750Z, with the GetStart.book March PM rechargeable charger wrist cover the wrist and rechargeable 750Z This chapter the following: CompactFlash (8MB) PC software instructions this and or the NOTE
cover battery cover memory GetStart.book March PM light front
and light GetStart.book March PM switch switch ESC top hand SEL (select) back LCD Function
rechargeable EU-24). To the Read and instructions and the with EPSON of or other the using the WARNING recharged of them 750Z with four rechargeable and These the first to charge them completely three Rechargeable GetStart.book March PM the cover while charger lights or with only. the following when charging backwards. the and hours to once. to recharge New to three them. This or hours charge. NOTE charge the using outlet within reach of Its to charge batteries, they as as they recharging. Charging
Turn the charger and the of their Follow these to the first batteries, positioning the and as shown. Then the cover of the charger and four the cover firmly. GetStart.book March PM red, indicating that the the charger Both lights the about and hours, the lights off. and should replaced. the charger the and If the lights to than hour, the or The lights to four hours. NOTE
the charger terminals them with cloth. as as They recharged of to charge the completely to them of them they NOTE Charge the third and closing the This charge should about charge and then closing the The charge should about and hours. GetStart.book March PM that recharge them charge four them. If them completely the the off. recharging. If this the batteries. overcharging, the charger the three and both lights off, the To of the lights off. hour the cool them from the Turn the with the LCD facing from the the to the follow through then the charger charges of rechargeable and follow and
four the positioning the and as shown: the cover from to GetStart.book March PM the cover and from the
If to charge rechargeable or they to replaced, the 750Z the following: Rechargeable AA Battery the cover and it while the cover from to GetStart.book March PM AA or recommended) AA lithium life, recommended) of allow the to To the of fire or WARNING batterys and instructions such as or which the
the and them location. from the reach of the of them or them to fire. or the EPSON charger EU-23) to charge the that with the that with EPSON the following when GetStart.book March PM To fire or shock, that or immediately the with and treatment. If If or treatment immediately. government agency instructions and with information about recycling and of to the charge with the that to four the and batteries. of this fire or Battery the type, the and other factors. least whether they or If the or they repeatedly without they wear quickly.
through the section of the wrist that to the To the cover, the around and as shown. Attaching the To the wrist the around the the of the as shown below. Attaching the Strap GetStart.book March PM
750Z There of CE included the CD-ROM. Direct Print) the Software from the to and to and 750Z with everything to Thursday, PM instructions. If NT or Tour to learn about software, the the Tour the EPSON www.epson.com. NOTE The included CD-ROM these 750Z Software Microsoft PC or the CD-ROM The automatically. If automatically, or NT Then CD-ROM EPSON Photo!2 TWAIN and EPSON Direct (to the EPSON EPSON
If to the software that CD-ROM to include the NT Follow the instructions the the CD-ROM Click Monday, AM the CD-ROM The Then automatically. If automatically, CD-ROM D, the D:\SETUP from the If the NT CD-ROM D, the Then OK the from the D:\SETUP If CD-ROM Select and follow the instructions the Select operating and and OK Follow the instructions the Click OK Then 750Z Double-click the Click and follow the instructions the the CD-ROM Double-click the CD-ROM
the the If to the the finishes, both to the the to each If to the software that CD-ROM Copy or the DropImage CD-ROM to GetStart.book March PM PC (H/PC). CE offers as them. You with others as them from H/PC to another, or slideshow the built-in or lightweight You and JPEG from H/PC as Included 750Z CD-ROM of CE: easy-to-use CE 2.0-based H/PC to the CE and follow the instructions the The located the the CD-ROM. the CD-ROM. To Copy the the DropImage the DropImage appears and its to
information and to purchase the of CE, the www.sierraimaging.com. H/PC Microsoft CE or 1.5MB memory H/PC the and GetStart.book March PM CE the CD-ROM The should automatically. If Then CD-ROM H/PC to and establish the the CE CE Click and follow the instructions the through the and shortcut the the It that
To to the the cover when Ready to GetStart.book March PM the To the the cover, the as shown the the right. The turned to the LCD The On lock, and the to or and the the top of the lights If light the back of the flashes seconds. the ready to with 750Z, to turn the the and clock, and learn to the the Turning the On and and the lock. The To turn off the the to the and the off.
ESC the to the and clock. Then the the and each the and the Clock GetStart.book March PM SEL You the clock through and of instructions instructions connecting the to the and NOTE the and the to
Press the SEL The and the month highlighted. to the to increase the the correct. If necessary, the or the You to the and then the GetStart.book March PM the month, hour, and as they correctly and SEL the clock and the to Turn the You the clock with the highlighted red: You to the clock. ESC Press the to choose English. SEL Press the You to the clock each the The the and without NOTE
the turned the Turn its LCD facing and the facing the memory cover as shown. Memory Card 8MB CompactFlash memory that increases the of You purchase with 4MB of internal memory and memory (4MB to 64MB), from leading and information. the CompactFlash Memory Card GetStart.book March PM To memory the the and when the the NOTE
Press the SEL to the LCD the Then the SEL to the options, as shown below: or Press the This to the memory only, and whether the internal memory. memory and the the GetStart.book March PM Next, to the Follow the below. Formatting Memory Card the memory cover. SEL Press the appears that the and to the Format Card or highlighted. Press the You should Follow these the to If the memory the following
Press the then the the of the hand. the memory cover ESC Press to the memory instead of the internal memory. If the memory and with the internal memory. SEL Press the to the and to the GetStart.book March PM copying from the to and from to Chapter instructions the and with PCMCIA Turn its LCD facing and the facing turned the Removing Memory Card
to the with You to recharge or the or the AC when the Although to reliably. below F surrounding and the type of instructions. Several factors life, including the The shows the and the of GetStart.book March PM the You with 750Z as would the LCD to with point-and-shoot through instructions the LCD the and the With the (If to least inches from as appears the The the flashes when completely Checking the Battery
the and off-center The light from to While the to the the and the to On and the light the to or to further from subject. straight through the and within the cross-hairs. GetStart.book March PM Press the the of the to the The flashing light that the the and the and the light flashing red. and light
With the LCD the and the to the The LCD of what the and another memory least when the turned the light flashing and the off and the If the while the light flashing, The GetStart.book March PM too CAUTION seconds. To the back the the You the turning that the off NOTE If the to lighting the with sunlight. the and then turning On
and off- appears the right of the While the The light from to and the to the LCD switch GetStart.book March PM Press the the of the to the the of Chapter and You of the LCD information about with indicating the the and the light flashing red. to or to further from the and the
red. the cant the memory the of and the LCD shows that The light the back of the the back the or the off with the LCD (to to and then back to If the to than seconds, the off automatically. To The LCD quickly. If GetStart.book March PM NOTE To free of the memory, back information higher to to instructions). If the LCD and the If to and then them, to the to and optional IOMEGA the as You of the shows The the of the top This and the Checking the Counter
GetStart.book March PM
Quality and The appear the as shown below. GetStart.book March PM The the and includes when This that memory and CompactFlash or the four and three and white Press the top of the HyPict and HyPict to from to the other. You 750Z them. include and the memory and CompactFlash with
With and the memory and CompactFlash with include those and white with include With and the memory and CompactFlash GetStart.book March PM include and the memory and white (interpolated) with and CompactFlash approximately These HyPict (interpolated) with CompactFlash These include and the memory and HyPict that the approximately seconds to the the to process. HyPict and HyPict than the of Higher or HyPict and white and the memory and CompactFlash with include
capacity accordingly. the of than the shown as the shows You of the the other than NOTE You to the CompactFlash memory from the its internal memory to instructions.) You increase CompactFlash with the 8MB information. GetStart.book March PM inches to to Press the to The built-in effective within of through the three each appears the as shown below: the The the following of each 12MB Memory and 8MB Card Memory 8MB Card 4MB Memory The flash off whenever lighting (factory HyPict
using the off the steady the back. bright light the beach or to TIP The off with every this to when facing light Forced The when lighting where flash photography prohibited, or this effects, GetStart.book March PM too light. You the to Alternatively, or other software to the to light the background as as the instructions. the the recharged. off the
appears Press the The the This allows to of yourself. the the and the the creates the or A-2 information attaching the to With the GetStart.book March PM Turn the and the light seconds. Then they seconds light the front of the Press the The and the the released.
light the back of the flashes as the 750Z the the The when the captured. The light flashing and another GetStart.book March PM To turn off the the or off the
SEL To the the button. appear the top of the with the currently selected displayed and GetStart.book March PM The this displayed the as shown: the and the to The photo appears the LCD. buttons to the and other Press the
Software directly from the or the Direct Chapter instructions. automatically). back instructions. and to LCD brightness, information. information played-back Information off the of instructions. You choose from the following GetStart.book March PM To the the ESC the to this to and the to playback and LCD instructions. or of instructions. and instructions. finished with the information, or with memory cards). memory to and instructions.
the to and the to displayed. Function ESC the and the the Currently Displayed the LCD with the the to the and information: One One GetStart.book March PM You the following the LCD SEL Press the to the and of warning If to You the once or Chapter Press to clear the instructions locking and NOTE You the to to to the earliest Press through Press the
the to of interference, such as or the of telephones. the that with off the and Connecting to PC Connecting the to once finished them. You to and the sections below information. GetStart.book March PM COM1 and COM2, or the back of You the with If COM1 to when the to If the optional AC instructions and information. or the and then On To turn the back the (You the shut-off to The off of inactivity when the connected to instructions.) the following If to NOTE
the cover the of the the the with of the and the Then tighten the screws. GetStart.book March PM
with off the the Macintosh/Direct that Connecting to and the back of You to or the the the type of the arrow or the of the with the the Then the GetStart.book March PM the Also, turned off. If that another to the the instead. NOTE and the to connecting selected, COM and If connecting to the COM Turn the and and the to NOTE
On or G3 (or PC with software this automatically, high-speed board), to of 230.4KB second. If manually. to the arrow the with the Then the GetStart.book March PM thumbnail of and then 750Z to with 750Z. This to the software that from the to The them to With the the of the as shown the arrow/flat of the with the the (as shown Then the the instructions the turned If software, following and connected to Turn the and
NT the If or following: NT follow the or Although these instructions and the accompanying GetStart.book March PM or NT NOTE or NT and then to 750Z, On Macintosh, the 750Z Double-click to the then the If or NT to of what with Click of the topics animated and 750Z. 750Z then the NT the
instead, follow the instructions of (If the Click You To the and You the following: GetStart.book March PM Click to the You to The Selected to Click to the Click to Ctrl while holding the If to than the Ctrl while each To NOTE
with the as its You type the or choose existing You Select the following: the following appears to the of each OK Click (or to to GetStart.book March PM to to the finished, the You the Click to
the to the What To You the following: of thumbnails. You to If to them to or them and You and instructions. GetStart.book March PM automatically. If has, the or the turned and off On the to and then back to Follow these to connected correctly: NT the Tour from the You the information. to learn about the and If or software. the the the and the enough or AC connected.
You to to choose the chooses the that with this actually too the of the to Select Retry Click If the You the following GetStart.book March PM instructions advanced and with software, troubleshooting information. OK finished, NOTE If connected to and internal the other, the to the because Select another necessary. the automatically. to COM3 or COM4