Specifications foot D4 AC (displays on-screen Source (switches input light Warning light correction buttons of cover HDMI TM (RGB) switch (RS-232C) Aspect (switches aspect (selects of Poly-silicon Thin Transistor (TFT) active of LCD inches F=2.1 to to ratio Brightness ANSI ratio to inches to Projection to to to to aspect ratio or correction (Theater UHE High Efficiency), E-TORL to hours, V13H010L35 Remote AA Height inches inches inches
Rated supply to V: to V: to F to C) (non-condensing) to F to C) Humidity to RH, to RH, United States FCC 15B Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 Positioning the You the these from overhead the selecting the Projection option. and Projection The of the the from the to the the and other the Aspect ratio to to inches inches) inches inches) to to inches inches) inches inches) to to inches inches) inches inches) to to inches inches) Aspect ratio to inches inches) to to inches inches) inches inches) to to inches) inches inches) to to inches inches) inches inches) to To the when know the (or the when know the the Projection You this from the the height where its the top and of the This the and the to the
If the or below to or to the the this (or the of the using the function If the off to the straight (rather than the of the then the to the the farther to the or right than the of the or to (or To the the to the manually, or the You to the the Press the the then You the to the of the the The below and the the of the To mount the the or the optional mount the information. Follow the instructions included with the mount to the which pounds. The or where of of pounds. If to AV with the to the of ESC/VP21 below. ESC/VP21 Command You AV with to the You the ESC/VP theater from the Following of the Item Command ON/OFF ON PWR ON A/V ON/OFF ON MUTE ON A/V selection Black MSEL OFF PWR OFF OFF MUTE OFF MSEL MSEL
Item Command Source SOURCE SOURCE HDMI SOURCE (HDMI) within SOURCE SOURCE 4X D4 SOURCE C0 CMODE Aspect ratio ASPECT SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE 1F RGB SOURCE (RCA) SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE C4 SOURCE C5 SOURCE CF Theatre CMODE CMODE CMODE CMODE Theatre Black CMODE Theatre Black CMODE 0A Normal ASPECT ASPECT ASPECT Through ASPECT ASPECT Through ASPECT You to of to the the below included): Supported RCA TV (NTSC, PAL, SECAM) TV (NTSC, PAL, SECAM) Select (NTSC) or (HDTV) as the RGB HDMI HDMI TV (SDTV and HDTV) to the HDMI (High-Definition Interface) If HDMI, to of the following (highest first): or Other to the to these (RS-232C) or AV to this This DC when the turned and to or automatically. to the as shown. TV (SDTV and HDTV) TV (NTSC, PAL, SECAM)
Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM, as as the below. Format Aspect ratio SDTV HDTV Turning the On and the to the and grounded the Turn connected to Turn the switch the back of the Press the On the or the the The about seconds to If to the the switch Turning the Turn off connected to the Press the the (or the the the cool about seconds. Once the light flashing and off the switch the back. Turn the off when Continuous reduce its life. the without pressing the and it cool, or it and reduce life. the You the to the from once and to from the without Press the the or the buttons to the then the Choose from these Child to the the about seconds. to the the To the to the Press to the Turn off the to the Child Once the turned these to the Selecting the Source If the the Source the or the the that to the to which connected.
If the Source the of Press the or to highlight and the Select If the using the or the the Press the or to highlight with NTSC or with HDTV or the the type. Then the Select Focusing and the or reduce the using the or of the using the Correcting the If the or the function to its If the or the off to the of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the to the To correction, the or the or the as follows: Press the the or the buttons to the then the arrow to the of the Press the when Choosing the You the to the brightness, and the lighting Select the to with each Press the the Then choose from these with brightly projecting with ordinary lighting. increases and tones appear Theatre the appearance of with Theatre Black or that to the Choosing the Aspect Ratio the to which connected, to the when selected as the Aspect If the the to the aspect ratio yourself. Press the Aspect then choose from these Normal TV broadcasts, or aspect recorded to to the whole This stretches only the right and of the the unchanged. recordings (anamorphic) Through than and to its without to the Through recorded than and to its
Aspect the which the displays the currently active The and aspect ratio below. TV, or Format NTSC PAL or SECAM Format SDTV HDTV RGB Format SDTV HDTV RGB) Format VGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA WXGA MAC13 inch MAC16 inch MAC19 inch Normal Through Through Normal Through Through Normal Through Through Normal Through Through Aspect Aspect Aspect Aspect
Lights If isnt correctly, first off, the warning light to steady off the switch the back, and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the They to light Warning light Light Action off the switch the back of the turned and the connected securely both The You off the switch the back to off the or the to flashing The about seconds to appear. The operating normally. flashing turned off the and cooling the light flashing, then off the switch back (or the to back flashing High-speed cooling If the too automatically. there of around and the and nothing the If to overheat, clean the instructions right. The too and the turned off. then back there of around and the and nothing the Clean or the necessary. If the High flashing (half-second flashing The to replaced. There internal Turn off the switch the back of the and Then and IR Following of the with the IR that to the buttons: Function off Memory Aspect Right HDMI Tone
Cleaning and the Clean the the of the once every three months, or often If cleaned become This overheating and the Press the and the light to flashing. Turn off the using the switch the back. the and Turn the Then and other office to the If the using such as paintbrush. If the to or the Purchase V13H134A09 from authorized If to the release the and the cover. the and with To the cover, the and the cover clicks the The from to hours, You the Info to Its to the when: The or to The warning light flashes half-second The the appears the when the selected and Purchase V13H010L35 from authorized Warning: the cool (about hour) the that the and should to the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Follow these to the Press the and the light to Turn off the switch the back of the and the and If the cool about hour. Press the the cover and off the cover.
the screws the (they the the as shown and straight Warning The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Gently the and its screws. Dont the of the assembly. Touching the the cover. (The the cover or the as the section. the to the the of hours used. Press the the or the buttons to the then highlight and the Select finished, the to The the least Optional the following optional Product (ELPLP35) V13H010L35 (ELPAF09) V13H134A09 mount ELPHB550 security ELPSL01 ELPSV01 ELPKC19 You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the U.S., purchase www.epsonstore.com. purchase www.epson.ca or Related CPD-20566 CPD- Service warranty instructions the There SM