To the performance from please the using the KB320(01-17)E.QE33 PM
To of this There that recorded or that the The the LCD There that the and the of the LCD function correctly when surroundings such as installations or high Although the of functioning or should that of of the or when they should this the recorded this from the to the should the catch fire to On the other hand, should the or the of the heat please as there and to or charge the such as there of the bursting as as to burnt such of burns such of CompactFlash and CF of Corporation. PENTAX of of other or or of their The USB software PRINT the that the PRINT Copyright Corporation. PRINT Matching of Corporation. The PRINT Matching of Corporation. respective Software Copyright Rights header of the created It and information. Rights to the or the High If the of the should become as of, the the of the around and please AC and Battery charger that of the and specified of the AC thunderstorms. This fire or within the and there therefore of shocks. please such as there of shock. that children the around their with this The of AC other than that specified exclusively with this fire or shocks. shock. copyrights using the Optio that other than without to the rights as specified the Copyright Act. Please as there where or as items with the of copyrights the of of the copyright as the Copyright Act, and should also. to the of this please to the indicated the following Warning: Warning These that that the serious the These that it that the or or physical the KB320(01-17)E.QE33 PM Thank the Optio Please this using the to the of the features and this as to the FOR SAFE USE OF YOUR CAMERA
the with such as thinner or of high and should should the where and chemicals should the where with or other that the subjected to or The become of approximately 60C The of the becomes from the or off recommended every to years to high-perfor- the please, without the If the subjected to of appear The which the 0C to 40C. to that toxic Please to Precautions CF Card the which become from and to the from becoming the weather, or Should the from splashing or other off immediately with cloth. the cushion protection when the subjected to the of or to when to. this to the of the and to that properly, to (such as or with to incurred as of of that to obtained through that this to the and of the Therefore the or and the when the subsided. within the as this the to become If or of the please CompactFlash CF Shooting Information the Shooting Functions (Night-Scene Manually Combining the the Remote Unit (optional) the the of the Selecting EV the the Selecting the Selecting the Recorded Selecting the Quality the to Lighting (White the AF (Focusing Common Operations Turning the On and the the Functions the Playback to the the the or the CF Card (optional) Initial Charging the Battery the the AC (optional) FOR SAFE USE OF YOUR CAMERA1 to of the Checking the of the of of KB320(01-17)E.QE33 PM to
Sounding the CF Card the the the World the the the Function Function the Brightness to Checking the the Turning the of City Troubleshooting WARRANTY POLICY This about the the LCD and what to the of The of the this below. to when operating the the reference of the related operation. information that to know. the the TV63 with PC with Shooting Information (DISPLAY Slideshow Protecting from This chapter the of and to the This chapter to back the or TV and to This chapter to the the (Memory) the Light to the (AE the ISO (ISO Selecting the the the Sharpness the the (Contrast) Started This chapter what to purchasing the to and follow the instructions. This chapter the to and back to straightaway. Common Operations This chapter operations such as the of the and buttons, and to the to the respective and chapters. KB320(01-17)E.QE33 PM This the following chapters. of the
of AC D-CO2A D-CO2B United D-CO2E D-CO2H D-CO2J D-CO2K D-CO2U North America, Software CD-ROM (S-SW2) Strap EO (this To the performance from please the the Battery chamber cover Strap Battery chamber cover release (I-VC2) USB (I-USB2) AC (D-CO2 DC input LCD CF cover (Optio lithium-ion (D-LI2) Battery charger (D-BC2) release Self-timer light switch Remote cover KB320(01-17)E.QE33 PM Checking the of the of
indications to operation displayed the LCD operation. The buttons indicated as shown below. Four-way Four-way Four-way DPOF Four-way OK release OK Four-way release switch /DPOF the of the through the and the other through the Started KB320(01-17)E.QE33 PM of Started Attaching the Strap
Charging The charging the 0C-40C. The charging the and charging the reaches the of its service life, the that the operated becomes shorter when the charged. this the battery. charge the purchasing or when the to charge other than the If the correctly the charging rechargeable lithium-ion D-LI2. to light, the faulty. with battery. the chamber cover or the If to the If the without the the the battery correctly. If the incorrectly tery when the turned the battery. malfunction. the AC to the the AC the the the with the facing charging completed, the battery from the The charging lights while the charging and to when charging completed. the chamber cover release the the with the towards back of the chamber cover. indicated the arrow to the chamber cover. If to the of the AC D-AC2 (optional) recommended. Started Charging the Battery the the first or when the [Battery displayed, charge the battery. Battery charger AC Charging the Battery the provided. the the first charge the Battery chamber release Battery chamber cover Started KB320(01-17)E.QE33 PM the Battery Battery
[Battery the displayed, the yellow) red) Battery Battery Battery exhausted. off. the AC to the AC the AC the the cover of and the AC to the DC input the AC the played the LCD that the turned off the AC D-AC2, to the the AC accompanying the AC Started the AC (optional) Battery You the the the LCD The based and and shooting With the fired of the Performance of the Without the flash Approx. If to the LCD or the to PC, of the AC D-AC2 (optional) AC Started KB320(01-17)E.QE33 PM (when charged) LCD ON LCD OFF of AC
the CF cover. Press the CF and the the CF cover. If the CF cover when the turned If the CF cover while recording the forcibly turned off. the CF the recording operation terminated (the CF Card that the turned off the CF cover. should the CF immediately the the CF or turn the off while the CF or to from to CF or CF that anoth- the CF formatting as this the to The the CF the following The CF service life. If the or the where it to electricity or using or the sunlight or where to as the recorded the or to another as this the to or the to and from high to CF Card instructions formatting. and become that when the CF the when the CF to electricity or interference. when the when the ejected, the AC disconnected or the the become to of PC. interference. or to while the the (when the and flash and red). the Card the Card the CF cover. the with the of the the the CF cover. facing the and with the of the the and Started recorded the CompactFlash (CF) that the turned off or the CF (optional). CF CF cover CF The the of when 16MB CF The based shooting specified PENTAX and the shooting CF Approx. Started KB320(01-17)E.QE33 PM or the CF Card (optional) of and Recorded Recorded Quality
You this operation the this the displayed when the Turn the Press the switch. The and the the LCD the and Press the four-way Press the four-way and to the finished the the OK The the and the ready to and below the and and the 12-hour or 24-hour with the ton when the clock reaches seconds. and to the month. You the they to the the World and the City DST and You choose the which the displayed from the following: English, Spanish, and You choose the of the city which the from the of and You to You the and The and that becomes the Select the city the which the the four-way Press the four-way the four-way Press the OK with The screen the and displayed. to to the city. the of and DISP DST City NYC MENU OK MENU OK Started turn the the first the displayed. You the following items and the OK Four-way the the four-way Press the four-way or guage. to the If this operation, the and English. Initial English MENU OK Started KB320(01-17)E.QE33 PM Initial switch Initial English DST City NYC
To using the LCD the LCD turned while the the LCD the and Preventing the firing shooting information The seconds. this the the displayed.), and selecting (The Pressed The the charging the to The flash fires the light Press the switch. the to the the The The the of the the of the focusing. You the of the pressing the the the Press Focusing and the release lightly the and white locked. You the following information the LCD the and the If the the light If the the light red. The flash the of the when the release pressed. The and usually played white. If the or over-exposed, they displayed the right of the F2.8 F2.8 LCD switch release the Release Press the release The the LCD seconds and recorded the CF the through the the LCD the While recording the the CF the and the light The release action. KB320(18-21)E.QE33 PM
Press the OK The played the LCD this the the (The displayed.), and selecting Press the OK to to shooting the of the first displayed. If there the CF the displayed, and there CF the the displayed. the You the You back the to Press the four-way displayed the LCD displays the displays the OK LCD Four-way LCD KB320(18-21)E.QE33 PM
Turn the that the or Playback You to This back recorded Common Operations Press the switch. The Press the switch to the off. Night-scene of the the when This such as You the and manually. This Common Operations the switch to the and off. and back or The the KB320(22-29)E.QE33 PM Common Operations Turning the On and the
Four-way Four-way o the clarity. the the shooting as follows. the the of the the active the EV the the the the information displayed the LCD the Self-timer the Remote Unit Shooting the Shooting and the or Continuous DPOF Four-way OK the the service. Protects the from the of the displayed the LCD the active once. the information displayed the LCD Common Operations Common Operations o Playback KB320(22-29)E.QE33 PM the Functions
Press the Press the four-way the four-way the four-way Press the OK The screen displayed. The selected displayed the four-way The to the the four-way If there Select the four-way to the Select to operation of the buttons displayed the LCD Select finished the the OK to to the The and the to shoot- or playback to the to the or to to the to If the and the the OK and the to the turning off the or otherwise turn off the correctly, to To the AE ISO Sharpness MENU OK the the Playback displayed. Press the four-way to switch to the [Playback] or Normal B&W MENU OK Common Operations Select Quality White On Focusing MENU OK MENU OK Memory Memory Quality White Focusing MENU OK Memory Common Operations the the the LCD tor. You the shooting functions or the You the functions both and Playback How to the from to operation the LCD [Memory] Quality White On Focusing Quality White On Focusing Memory MENU OK Memory MENU OK White Focusing AE MENU OK Memory On World Format Card Memory KB320(22-29)E.QE33 PM the
[Memory] This selecting whether the when the off. to the items that The Timeout] appear Playback Timeout Brightness the power-saving function turned off the of the LCD the to Common Operations On AE ISO Sharpness Normal Normal the to the the ISO selecting the the the sharpness. the the World the and the the sound when the which and displayed the to the On English to the Common Operations Active Quality White Focusing Item Reference selecting the of recorded selecting the the to the and tion of the Active Capture/Playback Slideshow Recorded played sounds the Format Card Item Reference Item Reference successively. formatting the CF the KB320(22-29)E.QE33 PM Active Playback [Playback]
LCD LCD The LCD turned off. using the AC the played the LCD the the If there such as the displayed. and played. the displayed seconds. On the to Press the release The the Release the light should to shooting information displayed the AF The shows the brightness the and brightest the right and the shows the numbers. Recorded Quality White AE ISO If there the AUTO AUTO the to Press the release The The such as the Release You shooting information the LCD the to the information displayed. On Shooting information displayed. The played. Shooting AF Battery the to the when of the KB320(30-52)E.QE33 AM Shooting Information
If the from the If the underexposed, and -2.0EV and -0.3EV, light, and +0.3EV and +2.0EV, light and the displayed. If the measured, and alternately. the to the four-way to the and Four-way Four-way Four-way Four-way Decrease the Increase the Decrease the Increase the If the of and warning displayed. F2.6 F2.6 Manually You the and manually. The and when the turned off. this the to the four-way You or Red-eye reduction] the becomes the and KB320(30-52)E.QE33 AM Press the release The the and
Press the release the displayed, the Shooting] displayed. If and the OK the ite played back and the ready to the The The obtained to Continuous shooting The LCD turned off If there the CF the The used. found] displayed. the or You shooting the CF The to the and [Quality The fire Continuous Shooting Continuous shooting and the to the four-way Press the OK the four-way The recorded played back. to with. to choose the Priority to the brighter Priority to the to choose the the to Press the The to Continuous Shooting three or Press the release continuously while the release pressed, and when the released. Combining You with already recorded. Continuous Shooting while the release pressed. KB320(30-52)E.QE33 PM
The buttons the the Please that the than from the front of the the function the operated with the the operated the the the to the the The function (the self-timer off). the to Press the or Press the release button. The self-timer and the self-timer lights. The three seconds the to the to Press the The self-timer and the ready to or Press the release the If the the the switch from to to The and the approximately three seconds. the The seconds the release pressed. the Remote Unit (optional) You the wireless (optional). KB320(30-52)E.QE33 PM
Press the release the release If the release than second, shooting and when the released. Shooting The shooting the the The fire Continuous shooting The LCD turned off the to Press the release The following information played the LCD Shooting You the of the the shooting of 30SEC 30SEC the the light and the to the or right while through the the the of the to the This to The of motion seconds. the If the the to the the of KB320(30-52)E.QE33 AM the Shooting Functions
Press the Press the four-way the four-way Press the OK The displayed. The ready to to to On or the Function You the the manually when the Four-way Four-way increases the to the focusing the to the focusing the If while through the when the the of the from what the the Function the function to the function further the the when the the to when the the button Infinity-landscape This The brought manually. Press the The each the and the displayed the LCD The ready to the the The to when the turned off. The normally to The of the the displayed the LCD the of the You the shooting to or Press the the OK Four-way The focused the the focusing Selecting when the release This when the to the The focused the the focusing when the release Four-way KB320(30-52)E.QE33 AM
the the the Manually Manually This function The flash off when the to and Red-eye Reduction] selected when Red-eye Reduction] and On Red-eye shooting, or infinity-landscape the to Reduction] the Press the The each the and the the LCD The while the charging completed, the lights while the release The ready to the the Press the four-way Four-way Four-way increases the EV tion to the EV tion to If the LCD off three seconds. EV or or to the The displayed the LCD EV Red-eye Reduction On Red-eye Reduction This reduces the phenomenon of caused the light from the reflected the The automatically. This reduces the phenomenon of caused the light from the reflected the The of lighting EV Compensation EV when there brightness the background and the Selecting the On The the light The The of the brightness. KB320(30-52)E.QE33 AM
Select from the the four-way Press the OK The ready to the to the Select [Quality from the the four-way Press the OK The ready to the to the The the and there high of The and there of Selecting the Recorded You choose the of recorded from and button OK Four-way Quality White On Focusing MENU OK Selecting the Quality You choose the Quality White On Focusing MENU OK KB320(30-52)E.QE33 AM to the Memory Memory
Select [White from the Press the four-way the four-way Press the OK The white displayed. to the The ready to the White MENU OK the White this when the white manually. Daylight this when this when this when Light or other light. this when Light light. automatically. sunlight. the Select the white Press the release The white the LCD and the to the the white sheet of and the release Press the OK The ready to the MENU OK SHUTTER the to Lighting (White You the the white to the light The the white OK Four-way Quality White On Focusing MENU OK Quality White On Focusing MENU OK White KB320(30-52)E.QE33 AM to the Memory Memory
Select the Focusing Press the four-way the four-way to Press the OK the focusing The ready to the At areas, the the or other and become such off the DISPLAY If the location through the the location the LCD the Focusing Focusing Focusing Focusing MENU OK Select [ISO the the four-way Press the OK The ready to the to the ISO the ISO The the automatically. Increases the Decreases the the Select [Focusing the Press the four-way the four-way Press the OK The Focusing displayed. The ready to the to the You the of the Focusing MENU OK the ISO (ISO Select [AE the the four-way Press the OK button. The ready to the to the the to the light as the the AE the AF (Focusing You the and of the Normal The becomes OK Four-way to Quality White On Focusing MENU OK the Light to the (AE Quality White On Focusing The the Centre-weighted The the of the The the of the only. MENU OK MENU OK AE ISO Sharpness Normal KB320(30-52)E.QE33 AM to the Memory Memory Memory
You choose the from or Select the the four-way Press the OK The ready to the to the the (Contrast) Select [Saturation] the the four-way Press the OK from [Normal] to [High] to The ready to the to the Select [Contrast] the the four-way Press the OK from [Normal] to [High] to The ready to the to the the Select [Color] the Press the four-way the four-way Press the OK The displayed. The ready to the to the The the (Saturation) You choose whether the to or Select [Sharpness] the the four-way Press the OK from [Normal] to to The ready to the to the Selecting the (Color) The and white. The OK Four-way Quality White On Focusing MENU OK MENU OK the Sharpness (Sharpness) AE ISO Sharpness Normal Normal Normal MENU OK KB320(30-52)E.QE33 AM to the Memory Memory Memory
Press the four-way the four-way the four-way Press the OK The [Memory] played. The ready to the to the to switch and White Focusing AE MENU OK MENU OK Memory ISO MF Press the The [AE the The [ISO the The and when selected. The LCD The If CF the assigned. Quality White On Focusing Memory You choose whether the to when the turned off. If the they immediately the turned off. If the to the (On), the White Focusing AE Item The the The [White the The [Focusing the The the KB320(30-52)E.QE33 AM the (Memory)
the to Press Press the OK to with the four-way The to The following operations playback while the displayed. Four-way the the the Switches the off and and choose the You to four to displayed the LCD KB320(53-71)E.QE33 PM the
played the to Press the four-way to back with the four-way Playback The following operations The following operations while playback. Four-way Four-way Four-way the Four-way and choose the Press the four-way the Four-way Four-way Releases the function information displayed when shooting. On The brightness of the displayed. The shows the brightness the and brightest the right and the shows the numbers. Recorded Quality White AE ISO F2.6 F2.6 AUTO AUTO You back to played the LCD playback. You information the LCD when shooting. The information displayed the On Information when shooting. Protect Shooting Battery KB320(53-71)E.QE33 PM Shooting Information
the first displayed. the to Press the OK Press the OK four-way with the selected the Choose with the four-way If the four-way selected, displayed. If the four-way while the right selected, played. The to of the selected while the and choose with the the to Press the Select [Slideshow] with the four- the four-way Press the OK Press the release which to the slideshow with the four-way The [Playback] displayed. the The slideshow to the playback and choose the with The slideshow played through of the playback Selected Slideshow MENU OK On You the Slideshow You back the the CF continuously. KB320(53-71)E.QE33 PM
MENU OK the to Press the with the four-way Press the OK to with the four-way The displayed. and choose the You from and MENU OK the to Press the Select with the four-way Press the OK The displayed. Once restored. Protected the memory You the the CF KB320(53-71)E.QE33 PM
You the the to Press the [Protect] with the four-way Press the OK The [Protect displayed. protected formatting CF the to Press the DPOF the four-way Press the four-way the four-way to specify the of with the four- The [DPOF] displayed. to the of The to the or On The printed The and choose the which to whether to DPOF DPOF DPOF MENU OK On Protecting the to Press the [Protect] with the four-way Press the OK to with the four-way The [Protect] displayed. and choose the Protect release selected the as [Unprotect.] otect Protect otect Unprotect Protect MENU OK the following items each the of to of Specify whether the the or You to that of the Protecting from (Protect) You from KB320(53-71)E.QE33 PM You the the CF DPOF Format) or service. the Service
the to the four-way Press the four-way the four-way Press the OK The [DPOF displayed. to the of You specify to The to to On or Prints to the On The The and the DPOF You the function the [DPOF The The The LCD off when the to TV. If to the of the AC recommended. to the operating the to which the connected. DPOF MENU OK On using the and back TV that both the TV and the turned off connecting the the cover and the the other of the to the Turn the TV and input of the TV. the Format Press the four-way the Press the OK The to Press the four-way the The following operations Prints to the from the the Four-way OK to the Switches and the and right to DISP MENU OK KB320(53-71)E.QE33 PM TV cover
the USB Turn PC. the included CD-ROM the CD-ROM the software OS: CPU: Memory: 15MB or USB or recommended 32MB or To PC, Direct and or QuickTime or required. or QuickTime or required. The the software explained. Not with Turn the Click [Next]. that [Search the that [CD-ROM and Click [Next]. Click The New appear. [Recommended] selected and [Next]. [Next]. [PENTAX USB DISK appear. finished the software that appear. recorded with the edited/printed PC with USB and the included software (S-SW2). About the included software The included CD-ROM the following software: USB software TM KB320(53-71)E.QE33 PM with PC Turn the off, and the PC and USB
Turn the The as Computer]. [USB Device] selected and [Stop]. [USB selected and [OK]. Click [OK]. the USB from PC and of the The Hardware] appear. appear. appear. the right there the off the and the USB Turn PC. Turn the off and the PC and USB Disconnecting the from PC Connecting the and PC recorded TM PC. Turn PC. the CD-ROM the CD-ROM Computer]. the [CD-ROM [English]. The appear. Follow the on-screen and the information. the completed, PC Although and printed, the CF of the To the the CF to another to the instruction of PC and or You PC or copying there. the the TM the to found Computer] You operating the procedures. KB320(53-71)E.QE33 PM TM
recorded TM Turn Macintosh. the included CD-ROM the CD-ROM of [English] the CD-ROM (S-SW2). Follow the on-screen and the information and with the OS: CPU: Memory: 6MB or USB OS or (QuickTime or required) or higher 8MB or To Macintosh, QuickTime or required. TM Optio to USB class. and there to the USB About the included software The included CD-ROM the following software: USB software TM the USB Turn the included CD-ROM the CD-ROM of Copy the following to the Macintosh. within the PENTAX-USB PENTAX-USB (E) KB320(53-71)E.QE33 PM recorded with the edited/printed with USB and the included software (S-SW2). with the software The procedures the software explained.
Although and printed, the CF of the To the the CF to another to the instruction of and or You or copying there. Turn the The as [untitled] the The as Turn Macintosh. Turn off the and and USB Disconnecting the from the the TM the TM found the [untitled] the You operating the the [untitled] the to Trash. the USB from and KB320(53-71)E.QE33 PM Connecting the and
[Format Card] the Press the four-way Select [Format] with the four-way Press the OK button. The Format displayed. Formatting completed, the ready to or back MENU OK Format the You the and the Press the four-way The displayed. Initial the Formatting the the CF the CF cover while the protected matted. The and become everything the memory Format Card You the which the the Choose or Select the the four-way Press the OK button. The ready to or back with the selected to the The Formatting CF Card OK Four-way Quality White On Focusing Memory MENU OK MENU OK the Once Playback On World Format Card Memory KB320(72-80)E.QE33 PM to the
Select [World the Press the four-way Switch Press the four-way the four-way The World screen played. the four-way The to [City]. city and the four-way The the country selected World displayed. The the country select- played. (On) and with to the World Select the the four-way Press the OK The ready to or back to On or The city and selected Initial as the World You the city other than the city (World when shooting or back. World City DST DST City NYC MENU OK NYC the Select [DST] On or with the four-way Press the OK The to [City]. the four-way city and DST The ready to or back with the the selected city. and the four-way to the the of and The sound turned and off. the World OK Four-way Quality White On Focusing MENU OK MENU OK Once On World Format Card KB320(72-80)E.QE33 PM to the Memory Memory
Select the the four-way Press the OK The ready to or back to the The the specified the You the to off when tion Select the the four-way Press the OK or The ready to or back to This function when back with the slideshow and using the USB the Format Select the the four-way Press the OK guage. The ready to or back to the You the (NTSC or PAL) or back TV Function Select Timeout] the the four-way Press the OK or The ready to or back to This function This function when back with the The Timeout] appear You slideshow and the USB this function the You the which the displayed. OK Four-way Quality White On Focusing MENU OK MENU OK Once Playback Function You the LCD to turn off when MENU OK On World Format Card Timeout NTSC Brightness English KB320(72-80)E.QE33 PM to the Memory Memory Memory
Press the four-way Press the four-way Press the OK The displayed. The that indicated If the turned off and the and Once Once MENU OK the Press the four-way the four-way Press the OK ton The displayed. to The ready to or back to MENU OK Checking the Press the The [Playback] played. Slideshow MENU OK On to Select [Brightness the the four-way Press the OK to The ready to or back to the bright- You the other than the and guage, and Four-way DPOF KB320(72-80)E.QE33 PM the Brightness You the of the LCD You sound the specified and selected Sounding the
The sound when the turned Turning the the turned off and the reached, the sounds finishes sounding, the turned off. You the off the Press the the four-way Press the four-way the four-way Press the four-way Press the DPOF and Press the OK The [Playback] displayed. The displayed. The the operating and displayed. the to when the sounds. The the CF displayed. (If there the CF appear and tion the DPOF pressed.) Select with the four-way the OK completed and the turned off. to Four-way Four-way Selects the item the to and MENU OK Once Once MENU OK KB320(72-80)E.QE33 PM the
ROM SEL MOW WLG PAR MNL BER ADL MIL TPE JNB TYO CAI SYD JRS NOU Noumea JED AKL IST GUM YTO KUL NYC New York VTE SCL SIN CCS PNH YHZ SGN BUE Aires JKT SAO HKG MAD BJS LON SHA MIA BKK RIO PER Perth City City PPG THR HNL DXB ANC Anchorage KHI YVR KBL SFO MLE YYC CMB DEN KTM MEX City DAC LAX DEL CHI Chicago RGN KB320(81-93)E.QE33 PM to the following of city and the of City
Battery Battery the Memory The exhausted. Charge the or with battery. The exhausted. The Charge the tery or with battery. Shooting and playback to with the CF PC. this This protected The CF memory and CF or the and There the CF You trying to back this You to another of or PC. The trying to tected There CF the ated. This to the The The assigned to and CF or the CF You selected the found Memory of the the recorded or and You trying to when there or the DPOF recording... recording... (Un)Protecting... Formatting... The recorded the CF The DPOF recorded the CF The recorded the CF The protected or The CF formatted. The KB320(81-93)E.QE33 PM such as the following displayed the LCD operation. This recording... The or PC or other
CF Recording red, charging and lights when charging completed. CF with or recording fin- ished. clear correctly If four-way rectly clarity. with release release connected to TV to to charging LCD off while connected to TV. LCD to when sunlight. to or too (focusing of LCD If the the the the and release then and the release Normal of with the LCD Battery CF cover Battery incorrectly Battery LCD to OFF If battery. CF cover. of battery. with the back of or AC Press to LCD to using with white walls, fast- through or another located release then and release KB320(81-93)E.QE33 PM Troubleshooting to
The to shooting, or Infinity- fire these fire Background to of back- ground, such as the appear the reach background with to both and back- ground clear. to to or KB320(81-93)E.QE33 PM too becomes too within of flash.
Focusing TTL Focusing and Focusing Normal to infinity. to Infinity-landscape to infinity. Sources Lithium-ion (rechargeable) allows to with charge*. Optional AC *According to conducted in-house (W) (H) (D) (D: and ready. inches). without and CF Capacity capacity when using MB CF to F2.6 F4.8, Recorded Quality Approx. aspherical effective flash. lighting Flash-on and flash-off reduction function (ISO: AUTO) White Daylight, Light, Light and Color, white and with from LCD inch. TFT LCD. LCD Functions and Playback Interfaces TV USB and DC input with NTSC and PAL (ISO: AUTO) to Compact-type with built-in Effective Recorded to ISO JPEG DCF, DPOF. Quality CompactFlash (CF) and flash. inch CCD with AVI DML Motion JPEG), 15fps. AE with CCD One Continuous, Self-timer and Remote Compensation EV Shooting to KB320(81-93)E.QE33 PM Specifications TTL Choice of Night weighted and
Procedure 12-month Warranty which the 12-month warranty should to the from whom purchased the or to the If there of the country, the to the with this of the to to the required. If the covered warranty, repairs and free of charge, and the to of servicing. If the covered warranty, charges of the or of its apply. charges to borne the owner. If purchased of the country where to serviced the warranty and servicing the that country. Notwithstanding this, to the serviced of charge to this and warranty however, charges and clearance to borne the To the of purchase when required, please the or covering the purchase of least servicing, please that to the authorized or their shops, it directly to the the service charge, and the service charge, the service tion to with the servicing. The warranty from this warranty Therefore, that the warranty with the of purchase, or the PENTAX country information and to of the warranty The CE Directive conformity of the Community. the USA STATEMENT OF FCC COMPLIANCE This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. or the the authority to the This tested and found comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and ate and, and with the instructions, interference to However, there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the the or Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. customers This Class of the Interference Causing Regulations. purchased through authorized photographic of or of months from of purchase. Service and without to within that the of or or tion to operating instructions, or unauthorized shop. The or its authorized or those with its written and from or of or from other indirect or of whether caused or workmanship or otherwise; and that the of the or its or whether or implied, strictly to the of as repairs authorized service KB320(81-93)E.QE33 PM WARRANTY POLICY
KB320(81-93)E.QE33 PM MEMO
Copyright Co.Ltd. Printed Printed Specifications and to without Headquarters) U.K. S.A. B.V. AG AB P.O. SWEDEN Distribution Corporation Inc. JAPAN GERMANY (HQ House, Slough, SL3 8PN, U.K. Poulmarch, FRANCE Spinveld HR NETHERLANDS BELGIUM SWITZERLAND BELGIUM East, U.S.A. Universal L4X 2E5, CANADA KB320(81-93)E.QE33 PM