L-410 Front/top shooting Playback Strap Microphone Bottom/rear Connector cover Battery/memory cover USB POWER lights P.I.F. MENU Self-timer L-410 Self-timer light USB light mount AC buttons Memory light OK Accessory AC B867062) To the or or the SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Specifications Physical inches inches inches Weight Sources One CR-V3 (included) Optional AC (B867062) Technical Effective recording type JPEG (EXIF AVI DCF DPOF memory 16MB Interface USB Class) DC 3.4V United States FCC Class CSA C108.8 Class AA lithium or batteries, including rechargeables
to F to C) to F to C) Photographic length: to to to or with of the Normal: inches to infinity to inches Auto/Flash to off: to to White TTL white (auto/daylight/ cloudy/incandescent/fluorescent/mercury) to ISO Auto/flash off/red-eye reduction/fill-in flash/slow Self-timer seconds/10 seconds Photography LCD 1.5-inch TFT LCD the Battery The L-410 the CR-V3 included with the as as AA or including rechargeables. Follow these to the Turn the F2.8-F4.9 mount the cover as shown: the the positioning the and as shown: You CR-V3 battery, the included with the or AA Press the cover and it back Turning On and To the the POWER To off the POWER The and the cover L-410 L-410 CR-V3 AA POWER
L-410 Memory Cards You and them the without memory when memory You of the following of cards: SD to 512MB. (To shoot the SD memory with recording/transfer of 10MB/second.) MM MMC or to 512MB. that the turned off or memory that the the or the as as the and You of with as below: snapshots. to and shoot. of including white and Continuous of shots, to second. Record with sound. The of the the amount of PRINT (PIF) with and The photography high- without You the buttons to to and/or the or low-light photographs. of N2304). If to this as the section. You the and/or self-timer features instructions, the on-screen L-410 the and the turned as Turn the to least inches from (telephoto) To the (wide-angle) To the the of the the The indicated the the LCD The off whenever necessary. If to the the of Press and the The and the If to the the appears the Press the the The as the The LCD turn off to Press or the to the back If advanced photographer, to This allows to the white light and You or or the LCD off to the and the turned as Turn the to If to the LCD off to the DISP You to the instead of the to If to the or other the MENU of information, the on-screen
least inches from (telephoto) To the (wide-angle) To the the of the the The indicated the the LCD The off whenever necessary. If to the the button. the of the Press and the The and the If to the the appears the Press the the The as the The LCD off to Press or the to the back the LCD Press the DISP to the or off. and Self-timer seconds), seconds) within the the the Battery seconds to or The appears when or to White Daylight, Mercury) Quality F2304, F1600, F640, N2304, N1600, N640 Auto-flash, off, reduction, flash, Shooting shooting Warning With You P.I.F. (PRINT to with of and already and to when the software. You the PRINT to the from to the You the or PIF the instructions the software. L-410 L-410 pressed.
L-410 To with Turn the to or Press the P.I.F. The first the displayed. If to the memory the the P.I.F. Select the using the buttons, then the OK The selected displayed the LCD both and choose the right the to (telephoto) to Press the necessary. the Press and the The and the Press the the The as You directly from the instructions from the the You or existing the instructions. and You back and the LCD You to Turn the to Playback. The displayed. To the photo, the the to fast-forward. (telephoto) To photo, the To to another of the the buttons. Press the (wide-angle) to To the OK (The appears To the the L-410 (wide-angle) To once, the To photo, the buttons. To the selected with the the (telephoto) You the the or the to with P.I.F. directly from the or from including the R300 and The L-410 with PRINT Matching to that without and inch following the instructions that with Connecting the to the turned off You the optional AC when from the the instructions. the as the the of the to the On the R200, shown below, the USB On the other the the EXT I/F. R200
the cover the of the and the of the the USB as shown. the other R200 Turn the the Displayed the Screen the to the as the section of and the Playback and the buttons Turn the to to the to Press the The displayed. Press the OK to This If to to If to than the OK and the to the of Then OK Press the to then OK Press the to then the to and OK If to photo with off the or other the Press the to the OK If to the MENU You the or the memory the to the as the section of and the Turn the to Playback, then the Select using the buttons, then the OK If to than of each the OK and the to the of Then OK the type to If to off the or other the section. Press the to the OK Selected You to the to the as and the Turn the to Playback, then the Choose Select the buttons, then the OK Select the to the buttons, then the of using the buttons. Press the the type to To the section. Press the to the OK button. You the following when directly from the with or without the with with or high You the type to choose inch or this to Once the this The the U.S. On the the buttons, and then the OK the item to using the buttons, then the OK Select the the buttons, then the OK L-410 L-410
L-410 Related CPD-18422 L-410 CPD-18421 L-410 CD-ROM with L-410