P-3000
photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, this of this information as to other products. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. and USB DIRECT-PRINT, and of Corporation. QuickTime and the QuickTime or of Apple Computer, Inc., Certified, and associated of Inc. and CompactFlash of Corporation. of Inc. SD of SD Card. This protected property rights of Microsoft. or of such of this prohibited without from Microsoft. to AVC or other Additional information from MPEG LA, L.L.C. This the AVC the and of to with the AVC (AVC and/or AVC that and activity and/or obtained from www.mpegla.com) This the MPEG-4 the and of with the MPEG-4 (MPEG-4 and/or MPEG-4 that and activity and/or obtained from licensed MPEG LA to MPEG-4 or other Additional information including that relating to and and licensing from MPEG LA, L.L.C. www.mpegla.com)
prohibited without the MPEG-2 which from MPEG LA, L.L.C., STEELE STREET, of this other than that with the MPEG-2 information SUITE DENVER, COLORADO Notice: Other and of their owners. and rights those Certified, and associated of Inc. and MPEG from IIS and Thomson. America, Inc.
This information and instructions the features, including troubleshooting the With the P-3000 and wherever displayed 4-inch LCD and Introduction information and useful the operation of and follow the Please follow these to to to injury. Warning: 4-inch LCD with RGB MPEG4, Motion JPEG, and (with DRM) MP3 and AAC with playlists JPEG and RAW (including If using Where To includes P-3000/P-5000 with the reference. CompactFlash and SD memory to TV or Software and USB interface PC or Direct to PictBridge Lithium-ion and AC 40GB
Started Chapter cover A/V USB USB CF CompactFlash Memory light SD Headphone AC Battery cover BATT. with function switch Strap (LCD) Started
Press to or or the or Press to or the Charge light Lights and Press to option, or photo, or or OK or to the previous Press to selection or item OK Charge Flashes and Activity light Press to the or information Press to or photo from to Press to Started
the cover and to the clicks. the cover to the right to The with lithium-ion battery. Turn the the Battery the battery, to charge the when the off, and when the AC It about hours to charge the Charging the Battery BATT. BATT. the the the of the arrow the battery. BATT. charged. the battery the light The Charge light while the off. Started
Charging the cools The become when the operated If to the of should the battery. the Battery below. the other to the cord, and To the battery, the AC as shown the while the turned Doing to or the AC connected to the the The the turned off. the cover. the AC when the this the Turn off the the AC The displayed the top right of the LCD when the Battery Charge the the AC Battery about Battery Battery Battery charging. Started
The first the the the and the battery. Then the cover. the Then follow the instructions If the instead (as shown the the already selected. To or the and and or the switch as shown below, then release The activity light flashes then off. Turning On the Press OK to English You about the Activity light Started
You the the This allows to the or and with headphones without the buttons. To the buttons, the switch to the Press OK You the and To the buttons, the switch back to the Press or the to the the selected item (such as the To to the option Month or right or the the You the the finish, highlight Complete and OK If the battery, the and the and displayed. about The turn the Started
to from that rated with or Rated Indicates that the locked. the Function Battery appears. operations from this the the CF SD the the and that and backed from memory or USB memory or the to the Copying From Memory Card Memory Card the and that Rated Memory Card USB the With USB Devices Copy to or from USB USB and Indicates that CompactFlash memory CF Indicates the charge the battery. Charging the Battery Battery Indicates that SD memory SD The following the Function Started
power-saving below. You the the of the of the power-saving information. The LCD of inactivity. Press to off the the memory below, and seconds the activity light off. Then the switch as shown light flashes and the off. Turning the Memory light The off of inactivity. the switch to back the AC connected, the instead of turning off. The LCD off of inactivity. Press to turn Activity light To the Selecting Started
With CompactFlash the memory below to 8GB) the C/F Card CompactFlash and SD cards. The memory Memory Cards Chapter Memory PRO Card follow instructions included with memory Card Memory Card Memory RS-MMC Card Memory PRO The the following of memory cards: This chapter to and memory and to and and Memory Cards or memory cards. The off, the from and the or sunlight, or that or dusty. while the memory light flashing. Doing memory or or the to or Capacity Memory type 8GB CompactFlash Card and II) 4GB 2GB SD and SD High Capacity Card 1GB Card and Card Memory Cards
To from the CF Card first the memory light off. Then the and the If the sticking once to then to the CompactFlash other of cards, as and Memory Cards You and II CompactFlash or the CF Card If Then the memory the the the memory the with the facing the CF Card If CompactFlash the the and the the If using CompactFlash the from the the memory memory the orientation. the and Memory Cards
To from the SD Card first the memory light off. Then the top of the the memory the as shown below. Then the memory the the You or the SD Card the SD Card the of the memory the the and Memory Cards
created the the The The to that numbered the they to the and the selected, Select CF Memory Card or SD Memory Card Then OK memory the and what to with them, or the the to the If the copying completed. the AC this Copying From Memory Card The the memory copying Operation If to the Creating New and Copying the of the If the Memory Card automatically, Memory Card the then OK You the following memory Memory Card Copying To the the then OK Press OK to the and the CF Memory Card CF Memory Card SD Memory Card SD Memory Card Memory Cards
white boxes appear each thumbnail the Memory Card CF Memory Card or SD Memory Card automatically, Memory Card the memory If the Memory Card then OK Copying Selected the to highlight each to to The selected items with then the finished selecting OK Press OK The the memory appear thumbnail If to the Creating New and Copying created the the The The to that to the and the numbered the they copied. selected, Press the to the Select then OK Memory Cards
them the thumbnail, or Select To than or information, the To and and choose Press OK You selected directly from memory to or existing or If the Memory Card automatically, Memory Card the then OK Copying to memory To the items the selected OK items copied. section to the and New and OK Then the To the items highlight the items. the to the where to the items. Then of the following: the Memory Card CF Memory Card or SD Memory Card Select Copy/Move, OK then OK to Copy to Press the to the Press OK The the memory appear thumbnail instead of them the of Its to to them (such as or the to highlight each to to The selected items with then the appear each thumbnail Memory Cards
the (highlight each character and OK to to clear the Then using To the (backspace) To the or backward, or New and OK the on-screen appears with the as the the You and to from memory USB or from To items to follow the the section. Creating New and the highlight and OK to the To the highlight and OK To switch and lowercase, To the input, To To the highlight and OK to the You the or Memory Cards
as and Chapter to and and from memory or them This chapter TV or PV The following the that appear the Rated the respectively of that played back, or played back completely, shown or displayed with displayed. If to this Operation Unsupported and
and or with that characters displayed as and with the of that backed Press the to of the options currently These options what with the Selects the that tracks. Track The following the the You the the while EPV2269.JPG EPV2242.JPG EPV2171.JPG EPV2014.JPG EPV2314.JPG EPV2283.JPG EPV2279.JPG EPV2273.JPG the Selects of using or or Copy/Move or the Black EPV0480.MP3 EPV2620.JPG EPV2619.JPG EPV0013.TXT and
aspect JPEG Supported or rotates or to the of the the or Rates from to Prints with DNG Converter or DNG the only the JPEG Photoshop. JPEG the header of RAW displayed. TIFF and JPEG supported. RAW the as or off, and options and LCD brightness, the to Creates from the as the or Sort Selects that include them. Subtitle background or the Selects to as Wallpaper and Prints and
You this: or of photographic them You the from memory information. the to or the to the to then OK The selected to the To to the and the of the Rated Memory Card USB Select the containing the to OK then OK Press and
You and information, histogram, and indicating poorly highlight and of To the and full-screen the Information to the To the You RAW to and JPEG to To the to to To information, and histogram, To to OK when full-screen to the to then OK displayed. the to the Press to the then Next the or previous photo without the or Previous and OK. To to the full-screen To around the and
to the or previous full-screen and You the Enhance. and the The affects the shown the this and To the and preview, third You as and effects, and background Press the to the Select to as To to the as The brightest of the shows of and the the preview, highlight and shows of white. the Black EPV2269.JPG EPV2242.JPG EPV2171.JPG EPV2014.JPG EPV2314.JPG EPV2283.JPG EPV2279.JPG EPV2273.JPG EPV0480.MP3 EPV2620.JPG EPV2619.JPG EPV0013.TXT Wallpaper and to HOME Copy/Move Rate Sort or You and backlighting, and low-contrast with displayed the they Enhance. To to the and
that information rotated the You manually Select the thumbnail then the to the Select of the following, then OK and the as noted. LCD Brightness: Choose from brightness Select and OK The To the effects, and while the to The selected items the to highlight each to highlight, and displayed with Select Right the clockwise, or OK You displayed with white to counterclockwise.Then boxes. Select then OK selections or playlist that created. buttons to the Music: Choose from three while the and You the Duration: Choose the from to seconds. Effects: Choose from effects, or choose to through without To full-screen, then and OK Then Right or and OK To other the right or the You turn off the Operation Press OK to the to Home: the and to the You options selecting the and
fps: fps: AAC, PCM fps: AAC, PCM Profile H.264/AVC (Advanced MPEG-4 The from to with to 2GB. Supported fps: fps: fps: fps: fps: MPEG PCM, MPEG1 MPEG2 (MP@ML) MPEG PCM, (MP@ML) MPEG2 (MP@LL) fps: fps: fps: fps: fps: fps: fps: ADPCM G.711, PCM, AAC, ADPCM MPEG PCM, Theater ADPCM G.711, PCM, Motion JPEG (Advanced MPEG-4 fps: fps: ADPCM (Advanced MPEG-4 .asf fps: fps: AAC, PCM fps: fps: fps: ADPCM G.711, PCM, Motion JPEG (Advanced MPEG-4 and
Press repeatedly to increase the (This function with such as To or fast-forward, or right the To the and to the previous or To the To or the OK. and from You directly from memory as Copying From Memory Card as Copying From to the and WMV DRM supported. To VOD You the Press to information including and To information about the and playback seconds the the from the The where stopped. than If to then from Select the containing the to then OK the to or then OK displays the the to the LCD without You the selecting Screen or from the the aspect the to the to then OK and
the three RCA to the and IN TV or You AV to RCA stores. You the to TV or and and shows. TV brightness, and of You choose from to the While the to the Select then OK the the the other to the A/V the of the increased and to than to the backlight and (the Select of the following: the TV or to input from the You of the to shows, and TV or The LCD off. to with the and brightness Press OK to to the and
TVs the top and or the of the This of high You to the to match TV and
WMA and WAV to M4A necessary; and Conversion when they You specify instructions. them the You playlists the software or the You from and Chapter the AC to the and the included USB to the to Turn the and software, following the instructions P-3000/P-5000 the This chapter to and and to the Copying From The LCD off. If to from CD, first to software You this software to the and artist the playlist the to MP3 or M4A using CD copying necessary.
arrow the of the to the to Click the or or Then Right-click the the right of and the USB the from to the Double-click the Click the then the to from If the to the OK. from OK memory then to Music. If to from and the to the then the USB the ID3 information these items appear ID3 to If them of as unknown. The to and to the
the the then OK top of the or through the built-in You headphones to the The to It the following without copyright protection and with of 100MB: Supported Rated MP3 (MPEG AAC (MPEG4) to The M4A and WMA played, the supported. OK Select then
Select the the then OK. Select category to then OK Effects Cindy Micheal MOON Cole JACKIE6 BOYS You the following while to or or To the To or OK and its the Select to include items the You search selecting of the Track Track To back or or right the Press and to or fast-forward. To to the previous (without the (If Music, the when To information about the such as and Track Creating Playlist Playlist Track (to from Track
playlist using or Creating the You playlists the software, or the Follow the below to the to as Creating or Normal to the then the the following items using the then Music, the and OK and to the Double-click the the right corner. Click the Click the of the Normal repeatedly. One repeatedly. once. repeatedly. Select... To
The on-screen appears, with Playlist001 as the DISP C Backspace Playlist001 Text Select the to If to the from or the or Click the arrow the of the to the to playlist. the playlist. the (highlight each character and OK to to clear the Then To the (backspace) To this highlight and OK created playlists, the buttons the right of the to rearrange the and the Music, the to the You and playlists the Creating the To the highlight and OK To the or backward, or To switch and lowercase, To the input, To Select New then OK Select to then OK
Select each to the then OK and the Select playlist Music, then to Press and OK Removing Tracks From The selected displayed with Select the the playlist the and the the then OK If to the displayed, and Select Select playlist Music, then to The from the playlist, from the Press then the of of Music, then To playlist, Music, then this selected the tracks OK Tracks to Existing Press or the to the within the playlist. the the OK Select the the playlist using the and then OK the the to and OK Select to then OK
the of each the then OK You to with headphones to hear the of the From the You the to from or of own. Music, the to the Select the Select to the and the Once selected the to OK You Music, the to the To Custom and OK Select the and OK Normal Select then OK
the included USB to the to and from to the You You back from the to to and from USB This chapter to with the and and them the and other Copying To and From to the Although the as software. The LCD off. You the software to back from software, following the instructions P-3000/P-5000 to the the the to and from the AC to the and Then the and
If that found to back the automatically. To manually, the the the of the then the of the that already the to USB to the USB the the of the from or the become You back to or manually. the as to the the of the to and If to the location or off the Conversion the to the or (Macintosh). to the Double-click the from the to instructions, the You or to the right of the If displayed, whether to or the the
and the follow these finished to Disconnecting the From of the following: to the instructions copying Copying From Computer You and from WMV to MP4 when they and that 2GB Copying From to the right of and Right the USB the or or Macintosh: and the to the the USB from the USB from the to the Double-click the the to as If to specify and Conversion the information, the You and them the right of the Select or the type of to Select the to the arrow the of the The to the then the
The appears. You the to the where from the from to the You the the and Conversion Preferences to the Double-click the the right of the Click the
information about and the the right of the or (Macintosh). If to the where backed The the finished, OK backed the back manually, as Copy to the You If to from the If to specify the the arrow to Normal the You memory or other USB to and to or from the The that with the USB specification, including: the With USB Devices If to specify the the arrow to Normal the only). Selecting Custom allows to specify the and Choose higher or reduced rates than or Select Normal High Quality High Custom or Conversion Memory memory Select Normal High Quality High or Custom and Choose higher Selecting Custom allows to the quality, or reduced
USB the to the or to To malfunction, both USB the the Turn the and the USB necessary. Copying to the AC to the of USB the AC to the and If USB without the USB supported, and USB of Connecting USB USB then OK You the USB On the the to highlight USB to USB to the and the other to the USB If the USB of the the the the USB the of the the cover the of the that created the then OK The to To USB to the Copy USB of the following:
You the or selected from the to USB If USB AC the and Copying to the USB selecting and You the The to the the the they to This the of the Follow the instructions to the USB On the the to highlight USB then OK the USB Copy to USB Select then OK white boxes appear each thumbnail To selected USB the USB then OK You thumbnail to The selected the to highlight each to items displayed with then the Press the to the with the below. USB to Copy USB USB the copied, then the USB The to that created the the finished selecting OK
the to highlight each photo to to The selected items displayed with and If selected with white boxes. with and below. Follow the instructions to the USB Press OK then while the copied. Copying Selected to USB You or to as the they the finished selecting OK to the USB the the You and that other people the as Select the or to the Black EPV2269.JPG EPV2242.JPG EPV2171.JPG EPV2014.JPG EPV2314.JPG EPV2283.JPG EPV2279.JPG EPV2273.JPG Wallpaper and to HOME Copy/Move Rate Sort Press the Press the then OK the to Select then OK If selected the to the USB the copied, then the Select Copy to USB then OK EPV0480.MP3 EPV2620.JPG EPV2619.JPG EPV0013.TXT Copy/Move then OK
You displayed: Select to as EPV0001.JPG Select to as You the to The selected items the to highlight each to as and displayed with Once selected the to as OK If already the using the then OK If the the and OK instructions Operation the then OK the then OK or Apply from the You and Select or then as and OK
To the or backward, or To switch and To the input, To To the as To the to To the highlight and OK software the the right of You and from the the and buttons as below. To the the the then OK and Select then OK You the on-screen Press then OK DISP C Backspace Text Press then OK Select or to the (backspace) to clear the Then the (highlight each character and OK to
If full-screen photo, and to appear each EPV2269.JPG EPV2242.JPG EPV2171.JPG EPV2014.JPG EPV2314.JPG EPV2283.JPG EPV2279.JPG EPV2273.JPG Select to the To to right or Select then OK You and OK or the the appears, then OK the to highlight each or to The selected items displayed with to and You the thumbnail and Select or Apply the Black EPV0480.MP3 EPV2620.JPG EPV2619.JPG EPV0013.TXT Press OK
If full-screen photo, then to Press OK to the or You selected or they or rotated. or locked, the displayed. Press the to the and Select or to to right or the Select or Unlock then OK You To and OK or the Select then and OK boxes appear each EPV2269.JPG EPV2242.JPG EPV2171.JPG EPV2014.JPG EPV2314.JPG EPV2283.JPG EPV2279.JPG EPV2273.JPG Select to The the or off the to The selected items the to highlight each or to lock, and displayed with the thumbnail and or Apply the Black EPV0480.MP3 EPV2620.JPG EPV2619.JPG EPV0013.TXT
You the to or Select or to Press Rate then OK Wallpaper and to HOME Copy/Move Rate Sort Press then Wallpaper and then OK or Screen Wallpaper You as the or wallpaper the Select the to Select the of to assign, then OK the Black EPV2269.JPG EPV2242.JPG EPV2171.JPG EPV2014.JPG EPV2314.JPG EPV2283.JPG EPV2279.JPG EPV2273.JPG EPV0480.MP3 EPV2620.JPG EPV2619.JPG EPV0013.TXT from Rated You from to This the You to Select as or as Wallpaper of HOME then OK to The selected items the to highlight each or to and displayed with the thumbnail and Select or Apply Once selecting OK rated to the software to the rating information. You then rated Bridge. to or the To photo, or the to increase the rating to then the
If from or the rated from Rated the using the AC and inactive the displayed as when You to as The Selecting Select then to the If to the the If to the effects, To the Dont as Screen Select as then OK
Connecting the to You or the to PictBridge-compatible such as the R260, R380, or RX580. or to to the USB the which EXT. I/F the of the USB to the USB the the AC to the and and the following and of Where To the to the information about A4
The of shown each EPSN0004.JPG EPSN0003.JPG EPSN0002.JPG EPSN0001.JPG Select then OK Quality of the other of the to the USB the If full-screen photo, the the right or the of then the other Select the of each photo or the EPSN0005.JPG the USB from the when operating with or the AC connected to the the turned and and You JPEG the or of the the highlight to Press to the
the specify the the then OK the of only). of Prints You the following To of the when with PhotoEnhance Choose the the the when the photo If information, the the photo include Choose High or Photo. Choose type of the Choose or of each, OK The the and the Once selected of the and the Press to to the the the or to The cleared once the printed. Select then OK Not of Prints
right or the then OK Select the where to You from 6-inch only. the connected and and and the AC connected to the the OK or the then the the information. OK Select then the to OK to the You or right the to search the to Select or Short to from the Press to the Select then OK
Capacity You copying the sounds, and other Chapter and memory that this option to the the the The the and the following options to the From the and OK You this Capacity Sound inactivity. If the AC to the off to when the off instead. You or inactivity. You or to when the LCD to when the LCD off inactivity. You or the to and of the below. and
to the This when copyright-protected VOD downloading. to the of You Screen or these options played the these options to the file-related operations: inactivity the AC connected). You or to when the (below) to the of the these options to effects, and background shows. These the of Effects to choose of effects. appear as with Unsupported to whether displayed the If included the the that the photo. to information to whether the to choose background the You of three or playlist that created. Clock to choose whether to the the of the Duration to choose the You from to seconds. copying them. Select to clear the from their location copying them, or Confirm to each to clear them. Not to without Copying to whether them from their location. to The
If the battery, the and about this to the and necessary. Format to the of the shown the created to the selected the Month Hour and and to or off sounds the when the buttons. these options to the and and to sounds to when the finishes Complete Sound to of Sound the choose of to the and You the when or or these options to the LCD and the displays LCD Brightness to the brightness of the to NTSC or PAL the type of TV or connected to the information the unspecified. Select or to the
and Troubleshooting Chapter This chapter to the and appear the LCD. to the following to and or the memory and the memory light off, then to Turn off the and the AC cleaning. Follow these to clean the clean, cloth to clean. or cleaners. Cleaning the and as Where To the to the to copied. the and from the memory occurred the with the or There as FAT32. and Troubleshooting
the information this section to and and The and correctly. the the USB connected to PictBridge-compatible. Turn off the and cools Please the from the Charging the Battery the top right of the LCD, appears the and the battery. the The the correctly. the Battery The correctly. What to the Press the The Charge the battery. Charging the Battery the switch to the back the Battery The to replaced. The off to and Troubleshooting
TVs of the This of high the top and or the The clearly or abruptly. off or to TV and the connected the type. Supported appears as If appear or The supported. What to The displayed. the Supported The of the too high. Sound off when the or played. What to What to Supported or Supported The or supported. the LCD brightness. The LCD too Copy the The corrupted. the Supported or The of the too high. to Press to the The turned off If connected the to TV or the LCD off. and Troubleshooting
its own If the USB the AC to the You from USB What to You or Supported the The of the supported. sound when played. What to the switch back to the Unlock the and then and and and The locked. You the buttons the What to The buttons deactivated the switch to Capacity the of to from the or reduce the memory What to You or to of the the the There enough memory then to it to If the the The incorrect. You as What to completely. the or If connected the to to using the software, or and to clear increase, The though and Troubleshooting
the firmware. You the firmware the from Instructions the firmware the and The supported. supported. What to You to back If to the software, follow the below or Click to (or then EPSON Select then Uninstalling Software and Connecting the to the The USB connected correctly. the the JPEG or You JPEG the to the selecting to Turn the The off. If the to displayed, the with the as that If to the appears, and Troubleshooting
Gently the of the to the USB If the or to its the Double-click the P-3000 the to Macintosh. Double-click the software. Select Custom The off, to its and back On the software Uninstall. to Select and Troubleshooting
please the following information ready: Product (located the of the to Representative Product P-3000) You purchase lithium-ion (B32B818262) from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca the Battery of purchase (such as and of purchase U.S.: to AM PM through of the Then with You software and and troubleshooting or to with these technical services: Where To to AM PM through or charges apply. and Troubleshooting
Notices and Specifications G4 or higher or SVGA or To software, should 150MB free installation, 2GB operation OS or At least 512MB RAM III or recommended) Microsoft PC with Professional, XP Home, XP Microsoft (SP3 or Professional, or XP Professional To software, should USB type SVGA or higher 100MB free installation, 2GB operation At least 256MB RAM USB type Notices and Specifications
the Although the the the to rough instructed to the force the or the the these instructions the and this reference. Follow and instructions the and options. Instructions the the and off immediately. the and the AC from the then the AC from the If the or strongly the that headphones while operating vehicle sound. wearing headphones, or activity that to hear headphones high as this hearing or recovering It strongly recommended that the from or the the internal and the or it to to AC A351H and lithium-ion D111A with this Follow and instructions this which to the the upright as and with the of the both connected the connecting the to or other Each the Notices and Specifications
the that with the other To short-circuiting, the of the battery. AC A351H and the G961A/G961B) to charge To fire or shock, cover the with or other covering that off shock. the thunderstorm. such as or If the where the of follow instructions those the with or that or the to or high humidity. the or fire or or short-circuit the battery. To fire or the where or incorrect type. the specified only. of There of the the to the instructions. To fire or shock, the or its options to or the Battery the or locations. the the as they or short-circuit the vehicle to the from overheating. from heat lithium-ion the to the instructions this immediately the affected thoroughly with If or and treatment. If treatment immediately. Notices and Specifications
of the battery, completely. to securely cover the of the with to combustion or when Warning: or of the fire. of the Battery that short-circuit such as or the from with wires or terminals directly to the battery. the outlets or other such as of as ordinary Instead, of them or with the RBRC. ready to of the battery, the RBRC This that the users North America and Charge the the from the and If overheating, or from they or the Battery outlet with that and supply directly from only the type of indicated the AC the the AC where the easily the AC this the from the and separately. where the or high. of reach. Notices and Specifications
switches or timers. If with the the cords the of the or to the AC yourself. The AC and with the to them with other specified. the AC from this operations (connecting the AC operations The AC included with the of other fire, shock, or using outlets the as photocopiers or that switch and off. To fire or shock, cover the AC with or covering. outlets the as or other that fluctuations. the AC when the the AC A351H with the indicated the attached to the the that the If of the supply or agency. the and the AC the that or The should to and other the straight the and the where the the of the the or AC Notices and Specifications
If the contained the LCD the and or thorough them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If flushing, immediately. only cloth to the or cleaners. the AC from the If the the memory the used. Memory Card the location to high or humidity. or Transporting the the near the The using memory to type. the included with memory memory or off the while the memory light flashing. the LCD the location to sunlight or light cleaning cloth cleaning and the from the outlet or cleaners. the location to or humidity. bright or These and The LCD the that LCD If the LCD the Notices and Specifications
CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR22 Class FCC Class EMC: and P-3000 the or its options or the the or its normally or performance. the and the and the or its options servicing to service the following The or CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR22 Class EMC: CSA C22.2 AC A351H) UL60950 Safety: UL2054 Safety: Battery D111A) WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California Health to or other with Notices and Specifications
Card, Card, CompactFlash memory I/ SD memory SD High-Capacity II, including Card Memory CF to other memory cards. inch HDD, 40GB, FAT VFAT HDD: inches, LCD: Specifications hours when (MPEG4, headphones) when hours when (MP3, headphones) the Lithium-ion D111A) AC A351H) (when Battery (or to F Non-operating: to F to C) to C) inches inches inches including and (without the memory used, the of and other factors. Non-operating: or or Non-operating: to to (without Notices and Specifications
Rechargeable lithium-ion inches (H D) V, D111A Battery (when the AC (when the battery) Rated DC AC to V, to to the battery cool when to F to C) A351H AC ( A/V interfaces and High USB Class) USB Interface Lithium-ion battery, D111A DC V, B32B818262 Product Optional Accessory ( Headphone One 3.3V) CompactFlash memory or CF Card One SD memory or SD Card Notices and Specifications