with information EPSON the Direct and optional products; from to troubleshooting. Where to Information Cover A5 This with information EPSON software and including EPSON when the software. information EPSON Photo!2 with information and instructions the software that EPSON Photo!2/EPSON countries) the basics of and shows to from and other EPSON products. this information the
A5 Sign-off: COLOR DIGITAL CAMERA
3-chome, Prof. J. H. AT According to ISO/IEC and EN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EPSON EUROPE B.V. The Representative: Address: Address: Declaration of Conformity of the information Neither CORPORATION. with to the means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, from the of the information rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or without the written of SEIKO EPSON IMPORTANT NOTICE A5 EN AC EU-20) EN AC EU-20) Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): IEC IEC IEC EN Class Directive 89/336/EEC: EN G690A that the Product: Product or incurred the purchaser or third as repairs, or to this or the of: or of this or to the purchaser of this or third Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its operating and instructions. U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON products other than those as EPSON or from the of options or SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. photographing of copyrighted the of knowledgeable attorney, and photographing published without the of the photocopiers, NOTE CONCERNING RESPONSIBLE USE OF COPYRIGHTED MATERIALS copyright of EPSON EUROPE B. Y. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft of Apple Computer, Inc. of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. CompactFlash of Corporation. Corporation. only and of their respective owners. EPSON Notice: Other and rights those Copyright1998 SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
and includes the following features: Introduction A5 to You The with everything them To EPSON including EPSON software that and them right with then and or revolutionary, easy-to-use that to software EPSON Sign-off: Introduction to or or NTSC and PAL A-2 to (the or 4MB internal memory that o High o o CCD o professional and and brochures. with business or the or with with right and to from and photo o Three and o LCD and back o o Continuous shooting of to o Introduction
The following options from EPSON: CompactFlash Cards (4MB: B808311, 15MB: B808301) o and recording each o o or o or white o Introduction A5 Battery Charger and (B81812 which includes the o The the of the which country. AC (B86703 with outlet o Rechargeable (B81811 o PCMCIA (B867041) o to o with forced flash, and off o EPSON software that to o shut-off to o o EPSON Products or EPSON Products or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON (UK) LTD EPSON (UK) LTD. United users of options optional to the from EPSON software that o EPSON and them to to to EPSON software that allows o and with o Introduction
or or where they the or options of bright light, sunlight, high humidity, heat, to or o To to the optics of the the to sunlight of o Introduction A5 as instructed this the cover of the or options and To reduce the of shock, o reference. Follow and instructions these instructions and them the and Instructions its when o which Allow the and options to the and options or to the and options. to them from to to using them. o To injury, to the subjects o To fire or the where or o To fire or shock, the or options to or o thunderstorm. o o only the type of indicated this o or cords. o If the or option shows such as the AC from the the AC from the and or and off immediately. the and/or o or cleaners. off with clean, cloth. o Introduction
Instead, them as of them with ordinary with and the following Dutch Government KCA If to of the The o KCA. the and/or the and servicing to service the following o the or options the or options; the The or or options or the normally or performance. Introduction A5 and them thoroughly with If the the or the the LCD and If them immediately with o and Notes To short-circuit protection and building protected over-current protection the products, the that the operating instructions. If to the and options Germany, the following: o to injury. to to Notes information and the of and Introduction
Unpacking Chapter A5 This chapter to It covers the following: Started Sign-off: Chapter the shown below. to know the Attaching the the and the the country) CD-ROM and/or type and the with the Started
switch to learn about its features, as shown below. to the A5 memory cover hand LCD function light cover light BACK SELECT cover and switch Started
Chapter A5 Top cover memory cover Started
four the positioning the and as shown below. the off, and follow these to the rechargeable (charge the country of purchase, with four AA (LR6) or Chapter A5 the cover and the as shown below. Turn the with the facing the cover and to the right, then the cover. cover Started
the from with such as or which the o or the or fire or o To the of fire or of o Chapter A5 such as outlets or other o wires or terminals directly to battery. o To fire or shock, that or o wear them with of the following: AA (LR6) AA (FR6) lithium the of the and them location. o four the o the following when batteries: o immediately the affected with If or treatment immediately. and treatment. If the Warning: o AA AA Started
If EPSON Rechargeable the following: the EPSON Battery EU-23, EU-27, or EU-28 to the EPSON EU-24. Warning: o cloth cleaning. o Instead, them as Netherlands, of them with ordinary with and the following If to of the The Government KCA o instructions and with agency information about recycling and government of to the o A5 To short-circuiting, the o The should EPSON as specified this o with other type of EPSON o them with four If If rechargeable or batteries, recharge them of that them completely recharging. o KCA. the batteries Also, with which or locations. Warning: o of reach of o Instructions Battery the type and the o from the as and o to short-circuiting. o Started
PAL to the appears the LCD Press the SELECT BACK or buttons, or seconds. The appears. the switch the back of the to A5 To the the around the the of the as shown below. the Strap buttons SELECT BACK switch Press the SELECT the highlighted. If to the instructions. Press the BACK to selection and to the or PAL to the the country of purchase, choose English, displayed the LCD the first or Spanish. Follow these to the the Started
the month, hour, and as the and correctly and to the the to increase the or the Press the correct. Press the SELECT The year and the month highlighted. to the month, and and (hour and the the first clock the LCD and to the and the follow these to the of each recorded. the and Chapter A5 the the SELECT The LCD to the or BACK the item to red. If to previous the the and EPSON automatically. instructions the to and to that of the If to and EPSON when the clock the software ready to with Turn to Chapter instructions. to or that to the clock appears the the switch the back of the BACK If to the clock, the to to the or appears with the the Press the SELECT to the clock. The clock highlighted red. Started
HTML to the This products, and other information about using the Chapter A5 the With to and the You then them or about the software including the following: to and or the that with CD-ROM. further If the or First and follow the instructions. You of the following to the or Microsoft or o or o EPSON and o Connecting to o to o o from the o To the the following Then follow the instructions the color.htm EPSON to the o to the o Started
A5 Started
Turning the On and Chapter A5 with to to and shoot This chapter everything to know about the following: Sign-off: Chapter the top of the lights The light counterclockwise. The and the the back of the flashes seconds, To the the cover then The ready to Turning the and off Checking Activating the The shut-off the clockwise to off the The cover and the off. On Checking the counter the function back with
back the or the switch to OFF then back to the following the LCD Playback. or the connected to with the LCD o the connected to o (when the cover and the LCD off). The off seconds when the with the LCD off. To the back the or seconds To the off the cover then Chapter A5 Shut-off SAVE or NORM. instructions the the to Right when to SAVE o seconds of processing, when to NORM o off of inactivity. It back the to when of the software EPSON software. connected to the optional AC the shut-off connected to the optional AC the LCD shut-off the within seconds of switching the LCD to o the with the LCD o the LCD off the following the LCD off the with the LCD o the seconds with the LCD o LCD with
appears the LCD seconds, then the the the or the flashing, the with the LCD appears the this and the off automatically. Chapter A5 Checking Battery The of and information and the of The information that factors life, including below 10C) the surrounding and the type of about to the the appears, off the LCD and You should the as rough the with
Press the the of the to the flashing and the Then release the the the light You from using EPSON Photo!2. To this software Follow the below to using the or the LCD Chapter A5 Activating the light straight through the and the cross-hairs. Turn the and the light the the from to If wish, the to the off-center without The light the the The the the when with
the and the of appear the of the LCD indicating the of If wish, right of the LCD and the the to the appears the light the from to off-center without the Chapter A5 The flashing light that the another when the light turned off and the You the memory years, when the and the the light flashing and the Press the the of the to the photo. switch the back of the to You the LCD Turn the and the the the LCD switch and displays the the finishes then the to preview. the the LCD flashing and the Then release the the the light LCD with
too light, the to the this the to off. the bright light the beach or too light. the manually to brighter or the instructions, You these from software. You the photo Press the BACK function and the while the photo. the to while the recharges the flash. The LCD and the to this Chapter A5 The buttons the top of the allow to the following features: when through the from as as to the the The should least from the instructions. Picture-taking To accurately, of the LCD rather than the recommended when You within of to information the built-in flash. with
Chapter A5 switch buttons to their when or the batteries, or when off the LCD function switched to and the LCD the back of as follows: and o Shooting Conditions; such as white and o instructions, Information o with
and the include include and the approximately to from to another. The appear the Press the to The three and as shown below. A5 and white include and the approximately to and white include and the The to and the the turned off, the the with
The fires with every this to backlighting; when facing the Forced The fires whenever lighting A5 when the LCD the from and MONOCHROME appears the If of the to and white, appears around the of the The You switch freely these and accordingly. photo, the the flash recharged. effects, or when photography lighting this The when prohibited. off within of to Press the to through the three The appear the as The built-in effective shown below. the when the Follow these and the This allows the to of yourself. The appears the the to with the Forced off with
Press the The appears and MACRO appears the the the LCD appears around the LCD within of to Follow these the to to the Press the The appears the Turn the and the light the or Chapter A5 To accurately, of the LCD rather than the recommended when o Press the light the front of the Press the button. The and the seconds, then seconds the releases. The when the The light the back of the flashes as light flashing and each to another You to the the the the using the the too light, the to the this the to off. o To off the shooting that the to to instructions, You this with the with
the beach or the or of with white background. o to o Chapter A5 the to when: the function and other buttons, and the easily. the Function the the too bright, and to increase the o To the of manually, follow these of which to the o of with background. o to the or brightness of automatically. manually the The the of to the amount of light the when the to when: the to MANUAL the instructions, the too and to increase the brightness. o of white which to the o of with bright background, such as facing the o to o with
of To the information the to the If off the function the the function finished the off the buttons. to showing Press the function You the information the top of the LCD While buttons to the the from showing the of and buttons to from to information. You the function the another, as follows: or Chapter A5 and knowledge of photography to when correctly o of the the photography using o when the front switch turned off, or the The back to AUTO to o with
Chapter A5 switch You function and BACK immediately the and to You the easily the function as follows: back The the of the shows Checking the Counter function to the displayed the Press the function and BACK LCD the appears, SELECT to the photo. the switch to Playback of You selected or the once, using the instructions, the appears, SELECT to the photo. with
You the LCD to or instructions. The of the chosen. If this the of the You to or of or instructions the the reads The light the LCD If to the back of the red, and to and the as them, the to the memory the the software Chapter A5 You the EPSON Photo!2. To this software the LCD LCD or the LCD shown below. instructions using optional memory of the memory appears the as If optional CompactFlash Card, the cards, the switch to Playback The appears the LCD with the and that the photo and the of indicating the appear the of the To playback the LCD follow the below. of the CompactFlash Card with
the country. If NTSC specifications. If PAL NTSC telecasting telecasting specifications PAL specifications. Follow these to to A5 switch the cover the of the the and turned off. the using the or You to thumbnail or instructions. to the previous or or Press the LCD cover You the the that with as the LCD with
The appears the If the optional AC the both the and the LCD Turn the and switch to the switch to Playback the to the the as shown below. A5 the other of the to the input the with
Chapter A5 with LCD the LCD selected and of and the LCD where the LCD or Playback option This chapter including: Sign-off: Chapter or the SELECT, BACK, and buttons as this chapter, of and option You the this chapter from the The LCD features three and Playback that allow to selected from the and and each with LCD information shooting or SELECT BACK switch the software back the the LCD
Following the three LCD This allows to the following shooting Conditions This allows to following shooting choose from the the switch to or the top of the LCD with the currently selected then the SELECT appear other The the selected buttons to the and Press the Follow these to the LCD Chapter A5 shooting White Information BACK to to the Playback the to the the and To the LCD the BACK the to the Press the SELECT to choose SELECT This allows to choose whether or information displayed the LCD to the following and instructions the each the LCD
This allows to the Chapter A5 This allows to choose to photo or switching Normal and Following the LCD Playback This allows to choose whether or information displayed the LCD to Information This allows to the following Software LCD brightness clock information choose the following the LCD the country, English, or Spanish This allows to and with optional This allows to back the automatically. one-by-one memory information memory This allows to the following: the LCD
to manually, and shooting, white The Conditions allows to to high. Follow the instructions below the shooting to the Conditions The allows to the as or Access the LCD and then the SELECT to choose from the the Chapter A5 motion of easy-to-see shooting when to This allows to second, with to The It useful to and then choose from those the the shooting to or information This allows to the top of the This allows to the as as the Conditions as then the SELECT each appear the with the shooting Access the LCD and highlighted Press the SELECT to choose ON or OFF. The selection highlighted. or the to shooting If choose the LCD
however, white to AUTO to white white to FIX to increase tones white light, appearing the Conditions as then the SELECT each Access the LCD and appear the with the highlighted Chapter A5 Press the BACK to and to the Conditions You CONTINUOUS appears the To shooting the Press the BACK to and to the Conditions then the SELECT to choose AUTO or to the white FIX. selection highlighted. Press the the or or the shooting shooting to the the and the You the with the instructions, the white automatically. the or To the AUTO and MANUAL, follow these then to the manually the The to AUTO, to MANUAL, the to which function the to the white that the appear those AUTO, which white automatically. At The white to the the LCD
to the then the SELECT to choose STD or HIGH. selection highlighted. Press the the Conditions as then the SELECT each Access the LCD and appear the with the highlighted the Conditions as then the SELECT button. each Access the LCD and appear the with the highlighted then the SELECT to choose AUTO or to the MANUAL. selection highlighted. Press the Chapter A5 Press the BACK to and to the Conditions The Information allows to choose ON, information the and that displayed the LCD If choose the the whether or to information and the of the Information Press the BACK to and to the manually and to the Conditions Then the to the than It recommended back to STD other automatically. The to STD, while however, or the without flash, the to HIGH that the as higher when to STD. which the the and the Information as The highlighted. To Access the LCD or SELECT the the button. Then the BACK to the LCD
Press the SELECT and to another clock through the and or BACK to to the correctly and Press the SELECT Chapter A5 Follow the instructions below the the LCD brightness and the the internal clock, the The allows to the To the or off, follow these Access the LCD and the as appear the with the then the SELECT button. each highlighted the Access the LCD and the as then the SELECT each appear the with the clock highlighted month, and the (hour and Follow these to the the clock BACK Press the to and to the to the SELECT then the to ON or OFF. The selection highlighted. Press the Press the SELECT to the clock Press the SELECT the item to selected. The selected item red. to increase the or the to the the item to correct. Press the the LCD
Access the LCD and then the SELECT each the as appear the with the highlighted To the to SAVE or NORM, follow these the the LCD Playback and the as appear the with the then the SELECT each highlighted To the of the LCD follow these LCD brightness Chapter A5 to the SELECT then the to SAVE or NORM. The selection highlighted. Press the BACK Press the to and to the SELECT highlighted then the The the the Press the The Information allows to choose ON, information the and that displayed the LCD If choose the the whether or to photo information and the of the Information Press the SELECT or BACK to and to the and increases right, and to the brightness. The the the the the LCD
buttons to the white selection group, the previous or of to and back through the the reaches the first or of the displayed. and Press the Chapter A5 and the Information as The highlighted. To Access the LCD or the the SELECT Then the BACK to the Access the then the SELECT button. You selected the as LCD Playback and and the The allows to At first of the of the buttons. the top of the to the and right, top and which of the sections of the and the the highlighted. Press the SELECT to Access the LCD Playback and and BACK to the Playback as The and this Normal and The Playback allows to switch the Playback the three and to the and right. To the and to the Playback the BACK If switch to thumbnail of the appear the with the currently selected white. If choose Normal, selected displayed. the LCD
SELECT Press the to the then to choose Photo. or the SELECT The appear the with the option highlighted With the selected, the Select lock, or and to The allows to to memory and information the internal and CompactFlash Cards memory. This allows the and the the A5 appears to that to them, then the SELECT to BACK to If to other Press the SELECT Press the SELECT to or or the the them. the the to to or back through the or Press the SELECT then the appears the Select or Select to or to from the memory. Follow the below There to from the to then follow the instructions below the the as Access the LCD and to If to locked photo, the and that photo as o To the selection of photo, the SELECT o to the them. instructions. the LCD
from the Select or the the Unlock Follow the below You and selected the from the To The from each Chapter A5 Press the SELECT to the and the without the to the BACK to to selected the to the BACK appears to selections. SELECT The appear the with the option highlighted With the selected, the to the option, then the SELECT to the to choose or Then the Press the Select SELECT Press the to the then to choose or the and to the to to Press the Press the SELECT appears SELECT to the and to the the BACK to SELECT The features appear With the selected, the the with the option highlighted to or back through the the the photo to or or Press the SELECT then the appears the and appears the the If there locked the SELECT Press the to the from the or the BACK button to the LCD
to to the the Press the SELECT appears Press the SELECT to the BACK to to the and to the the without locking the appears the when the If to them, then the to or other the of the when the locked, and Press the SELECT SELECT or the selected the to or the BACK appears to Chapter A5 highlighted Press the SELECT to the to choose or then the Unlock Press the SELECT The appear the with the option highlighted With the selected, the Unlock Press the SELECT to or the BACK to to the and to the the without locking or the SELECT The features appear the with the option highlighted With the selected, the to that to the the Press the SELECT to the and to the Press the SELECT appears the BACK to to the without the button to choose to the option, then the SELECT to the or Then the Press the the LCD
Press the SELECT to the Copy then to Card or Card as the or the the the to to or back through the or Press the SELECT button, then the appears the Chapter A5 the of With the selected, the SELECT and the of that the Memory Info highlighted. Press the SELECT Information internal and memory appears, including the and memory of memory Then the information both memory and The memory information allows to optional CompactFlash memory cards. memory information the Memory appears. If than the or o around the If to to Press the SELECT appears them and the SELECT each or the the If memory the Card appears. o Copying Press the SELECT to the and BACK to the the to and to the selected the to the BACK button. appears to the memory the Copy With the selected, the SELECT Then the highlighted the internal memory and the to optional CompactFlash memory the memory Follow these the LCD
If memory the the Card appears. the memory the the including To optional CompactFlash Cards, follow these Formatting memory Chapter A5 and count appear the of To the To or back through the manually, photo, the SELECT The or the the back the The allows to Access the LCD and back the then the SELECT The LCD the as the memory the EPSON CompactFlash Cards already when them. You to to the the or the LCD instructs to With the selected, the SELECT Then the Format Card highlighted. Memory appears when there recorded the To the and to Playback the BACK to the without formatting Press the SELECT appears that the and to the and to the SELECT to the Press the the BACK to the the LCD
or to CompactFlash Card, then If there the memory, the to the from the You software to from software instructions. Chapter A5 with command, which Access the LCD and the Software as then already appear the the SELECT The of to from memory or from The Software allows to or software with the Software the memory as If the memory when optional the properly. information the of CompactFlash Cards which software, or Press the SELECT button, then the to or appears to to Press the SELECT button. If selected the With the Software selected, the SELECT to or then the to the To the Direct To software the SELECT optional to Press the SELECT to the or then the To from CompactFlash memory the following to or to optional from these the LCD
BACK to to the Software without and to the Software the Press the SELECT to or the or the If selected of the the SELECT appears to to choose the to then to the or appears. the Chapter A5 the LCD the country to information The allows to the of purchase, choose English, or Spanish. the the as The the LCD and SELECT the the highlighted. Press BACK to to the highlighted. To Playback the LCD
Chapter DR, A5 the Direct the Direct Chapter Sign-off: directly from with This software includes the following features: The Direct software that allows to Card, and o Color, and o and o LCD and Connecting to the the Direct Printed the Direct
both the and the turned off. Connecting to the Follow these to the to the EPSON You the following items to the Direct to the Direct EPSON Chapter DR, A5 section). the PC or The interface purchased that with the of the interface to the the back of the STYLUS PHOTO EPSON STYLUS PHOTO EX, EPSON STYLUS COLOR EPSON STYLUS PHOTO, EPSON EPSON STYLUS COLOR EPSON STYLUS COLOR recommended, to while of the optional AC (B86703 Apple If the and to with instructions The Direct already EPSON installation, software the (the Direct the Direct
Chapter DR, A5 the cover the of the or You of the below when with the Direct arrow the type of with the the the arrow or the of the then the S041061 S041026 S041054 S041029 S041062 EPSON Quality EPSON Quality (A4) EPSON Quality Card (A6) this Quality the the to the correctly the Direct
appear the top of the LCD with Press the SELECT the back of the the currently selected highlighted the switch to Playback Accessing the Direct S041126 S041140 S041124 S041141 S041134 EPSON Quality EPSON Quality (A4) EPSON EPSON EPSON (A4) this Quality Chapter DR, A5 SELECT selecting Direct Print, the to the Direct the Software SELECT highlighted, then the or Press the To the instructions the section the to S041071 S041107 S041072 S041144 EPSON Quality EPSON Quality (A4) EPSON Quality (A6) EPSON (A6) to high Quality The of country. o choose to the or If The Direct features the following of its to the and cool, o Follow the instructions this section to the software and the Direct the Direct
A4, The allows to o Chapter DR, A5 or Choices Item The allows to of You of o or Select Choices Item Color, or On or to A4, A6, On or excluded) Color, or to instructions with this instructions with this A6 A6 the Direct
three A4 or or to The allows to to A6 o or Select Choices Item A6 The Card allows to Card o Chapter DR, A5 or Select Choices Item A4, A6 Right, (A4 or only) Color, or On or Color, or On or to instructions with this A6 Right instructions with this A6 A6 A6 Top A6 the Direct
thumbnail of the The Index allows to A4, or A6 sheets consisting of o Chapter DR, A5 or Select Choices Item of the selected each EPSON This The allows to o Choices Item A4, A6 photo shown On or choose On, the with the and Color, or Right or of Color, or or instructions with this A6 instructions with this the Direct
the to the as then the and the and type of selected. instructions, to then the SELECT or Press the If to ON. Follow these to the To the Direct as then follow the instructions below the to Chapter DR, A5 Press the SELECT The the to the ready to the to Print. While the and the LCD and the the top of the If to choose Select. the to then SELECT You to of the first appear with the currently selected the or Press the Select and the SELECT Choose to the then the SELECT once Access the Direct as to highlight then the SELECT With selected, SELECT the Press the BACK To the to the Direct The about three seconds. appears the LCD three seconds, and the and whether to the To the and type, of or to the option to then the SELECT The that and the the option appear the the Direct
and whether to the then the SELECT The To and type, of and that the the to the option to that option appear the or to then SELECT the or Press the Chapter DR, A5 the Direct the BACK Then the switch to OFF and off the finished, the LCD to the Direct and the to Press the SELECT The the to the then the and the the to the as and type of selected. instructions, ready to the to Print. Select and the SELECT Choose to the then the SELECT once Access the Direct as to highlight then the SELECT With selected, the SELECT Press the Follow these to using the While the and the LCD and the the top of the If to choose Select. the to then SELECT You to of the first appear with the currently selected the or Press the the Direct
To the type, (top, SELECT The that option appear the option to then the or of and whether to the and the to or the the If to choose Select. the to then SELECT You to of the first appear with the currently selected the or Press the BACK To the to the Direct The about three seconds. appears the LCD three seconds, and the finished, the LCD to the Direct and the to Chapter DR, A5 the to the as then the and the and type of selected. instructions, to then the SELECT or Press the Access the Direct as the SELECT With Card selected, to highlight then the SELECT Press the the Direct the BACK Then the switch to OFF and turn off the Card ready to the to Print. Select and the SELECT Choose to the then the SELECT once the Direct
Select and the SELECT Choose to the then the SELECT once to to SELECT the to then the If to selected choose Select. of the first the to then the appear with the currently selected or or to the Press the SELECT Chapter DR, A5 BACK To the to the Direct The appears the LCD three seconds, about three seconds. and the Press the SELECT The the to the While the and the LCD and the the top of the and whether to the and the To and type, to then the SELECT to the option The that option appears the or You to three A4 or or to A6 finished, the LCD to the Direct and the to the SELECT button. Then choose the of covered the the right right, or covered If choose To the and right and Access the Direct as the SELECT With selected, to highlight then SELECT the Press the the Direct BACK the Then the switch to OFF and off the Follow these to the the Direct
To of follow these instructions BACK the button. Then the switch to OFF and off the from To the Direct displays thumbnail of the finished, the LCD selected and the to of the options to to appears the then the and the the to the as and type of selected. least that sheets. instructions, button to then SELECT the or Press the DR, A5 Access the Direct as the SELECT With selected, to highlight then the SELECT Press the Follow these to the Press the SELECT The the to the While the and the LCD and the the top of the ready to the to Print. If to choose Select. to the to then SELECT You of the first appear with the currently selected the or Press the SELECT Select and the Choose to the then the SELECT once BACK To the to the Direct The about three seconds. appears the LCD three seconds, and the the Direct
BACK To the to the Direct The appears the LCD three seconds, about three seconds. and the finished, the LCD to the Direct and the to Chapter DR, A5 to the option to then the SELECT button. The that option or To and appears the the photo the that the follow the instructions the LCD to the or right of and the SELECT button. Then the Direct the BACK Then the switch to OFF and off the Follow these to using the the instructions that then the and EPSON the to the as with the to then the SELECT or Press the Access the Direct as the SELECT button. With selected, to highlight then the SELECT Press the Select and the SELECT Choose to the then the SELECT once SELECT Press the The the to the While the and the LCD and the the top of the ready to the to Print. the Direct
BACK To the to the Direct The about three seconds. appears the LCD three seconds, and the finished, the LCD to the Direct and the to If to choose Select. the to then SELECT You to of the first appear with the currently selected the or Press the and whether to the and the to the option To type and to then the SELECT button. The that option appear the or the DR, A5 the Direct the BACK Then the switch to OFF and off the to then the SELECT or Press the then turn the and the the to the as and type of selected. instructions, Press the SELECT The the to the While the and the LCD and the the top of the ready to the to Print. the Direct
to the Press the while the Direct The SELECT to back to the This appears when and the memory. Press SELECT This appears when there to to the memory Chapter DR, A5 to with the Direct and of of appear the LCD these the following LCD and the the through another interface. The from the Direct automatically. interface active E51: Another Explanation the to the optional AC Battery to (If to The connected to then the SELECT to the the BACK Explanation LCD BACK Print: SELECT AC the from the the To E54: to from the of as and information about to the E55: and the The seconds while The the BACK than This appears when seconds. Canceled to of Clear the then information about to clear from the or the Direct
A6: the BACK to to then the the and E56: Printed Chapter DR, A5 A6 A6 A6 Card the Direct
CompactFlash Memory Cards A5 Also, to every directly from Battery capacity, and with the optional PCMCIA of Optional CompactFlash rechargeable to recharge This chapter the CompactFlash Cards quickly, and allow the to with the of the optional AC The optional Battery Charger and when and to of options that the Cards allow to increase the following: Sign-off: Chapter CompactFlash Card. The of the to You to the approximately to or which to internal memory and of each CompactFlash Card with 4MB of memory, optional 4MB (B808311) or 15MB (B808301) shown the following CompactFlash Card 15MB EPSON recommends of EPSON CompactFlash Cards only. Other memory with the EPSON CompactFlash Card 4MB Memory (NTSC) Memory (PAL) the Battery Charger the PCMCIA CompactFlash Cards the AC
the memory appears the memory. The of memory the memory rather than the the memory the memory cover. memory directly from the If with II PCMCIA optional PCMCIA (B867041). memory information this option. CompactFlash Card A5 memory the The the the and when the To to the increases seconds when the memory Follow these to memory the the memory cover, and the the the memory as shown below. the memory cover, the and the switch turned off. the while the the or arrow
using or the sunlight, or that or o the or the while the o Chapter A5 the memory cover, the and the switch turned off. Follow these to memory from the Removing CompactFlash Card To this with II PCMCIA memory CompactFlash Cards directly from The optional PCMCIA allows to software to CompactFlash Cards. users the PC information. the PCMCIA hand, then the memory cover. the memory cover, and the the of the to the memory Follow these to the optional
the To EPSON It easy to EPSON to the the memory the software the memory the optional the as shown below. Chapter A5 locations the AC with AC when and the charge the batteries. operating the from The The AC (B86703 allows to to This the AC the II PCMCIA You should the AC this o the which country. The the (B86703 o from You the the the the memory Double-click the of selected to the thumbnail.
the cover the of the cover Chapter A5 To or the the other than the AC shock, or injury. the AC and If the AC of other fire, Warning: the the DC the or the AC Then follow To or the finished and turned off these If AC AC the the AC the AC
overheat, or EU-24 to charge other of this as they with EPSON Rechargeable o of shock o the charger the and the AC outlet where the easily options French-speaking users: Chapter A5 (non-rechargeable) o the type of indicated the supply directly from o AC of the where to this o charge four o outlets switches or as or other that timers. Also, outlets the the Battery Charger to service this yourself. servicing to service o the immediately shows such as or o this or with o the charger the four hours. o Read and operating instructions using this Warning: o You should the AC this o Instructions
charge that or Charge or three o Chapter A5 instructions from heat the charger the of 0C to 35C (2F to 95F). o the as they overheat, or o becomes wear to when operating operating becomes with repeated their charging capacity shorter. o them. If the completely recharging recharging, operating temporarily. o which they to charge to with o through as they or that fire or shock. o this from the cleaning. o or this o to or o location only. o instructions and the batteries. o cloth cleaning; or cleaners. o with cloth. to the the terminals them charger from the outlet cleaning. o the charger of reach of o
If charger cover, the cover. Chapter A5 charging If battery cover, the cover firmly. (The acts as switch, to the cover completely.) the the positioning the and as shown. four to Warning:
and If the lights The charger lights to to than hour, the or them with four batteries. o If charger cover, while o Chapter A5 the located the back of the or the to the as shown below. the the or the AC cool them from the (approximately 65C). hour the the overcharging, the the lights off, the To of the lights off. lights, both SIDE and the charger The light(s) indicating that the charger (If SIDE lights red.) the about and then the charger or the AC then and to three hours, the lights off. To charge
Chapter A5
To the first off or Then breathe the and off with cloth or cleaning o Chapter A5 and Troubleshooting easy to of, and should easy to Sign-off: To scratching the to too o the off and its when using o If necessary, the with cloth. o the the following section cleaning and the to the section to the Instructions the the Introduction. Then follow these the of location. This the and them from or o the the following locations: Where to sunlight; o clean, cloth to the of o or cleaners. o Cleaning the and Troubleshooting
correctly. the necessary, following the and they the instructions If the AC You with the Where exposed to or o Near of bright light or high o Near heat or closed o of or o Chapter A5 The recharging. the light the and The memory the counter the using the LCD or the to and then them. the software instructions The connected to connected, of the from this of and and To to and the software To the LCD to o optional CompactFlash Card allows to without the o The off automatically. To the back the or and the cover. when the cover the cover the The The and Troubleshooting
correctly. the necessary, following the and they the instructions The off automatically. To the back the or and the cover. Chapter A5 once. the the of the to the photo. to the then the You the the information, too correctly. the necessary, following the and they the instructions The off automatically. To turn the back the or and the cover. Nothing appears the LCD Playback The the LCD too or once, the to the This why too to to clicking the Flash. information the to or Forced the flash. The the brightness of the LCD necessary, following the instructions and selected of other shooting the this selections. You the the LCD correctly. the necessary, following the and they the instructions Nothing appears the LCD when the cover the and Troubleshooting
indicating that to LCD If or the follow the instructions. You with the when optional CompactFlash Card memory the to another the LCD or the to counter the If the and then them. the connected correctly, as the LCD switched to the Playback Nothing appears the TV when the connected to Chapter A5 The the counter shows The the or complexity of the photo. showing the counter the the of the enough and correctly. the necessary, following the instructions purchased countries the NTSC with NTSC televisions, and with PAL televisions. with purchased countries conforming to the PAL broadcasting the switched to the to of the If with the from photography the or to below and them try. and Troubleshooting
or Forced Flash, following the instructions You to the flash. the to If using the flash, within the of to too (underexposed). Chapter A5 You to to the this or the or when them to lighting the If the to to the this image-editing to the brightness and You the manually to instructions, within the with the flash. You as without the flash, and to to You should least to as with or without the EPSON If the than when them to quality. or of You the manually to instructions, If the forced too bright. the to too light (overexposed). to the steady while the to off. the and Troubleshooting
lighting the slightly distorted. You software to to the white to FIXED. instructions, The right. the to the this the too light, the to off. If facing bright light to from Chapter A5 the LCD rather than the to straight through the to as as they to. cleaning following the instructions or The the from what the caused photographing that light to the and the with clothing, or other or appears of slightly than the that the through the the photo. instructions, software If the and the to the LCD to the clock. to the clock. You the clock from The and/or and Troubleshooting
AF with LCD A5 Product type Specifications Sign-off: 4MB (recorded memory) memory inch CCD CCD 2-inch LCD LCD Recorded (without and Non-operating: to C to C Height Physical JPEG type Non-operating: to to (non-condensing) A-1 Specifications
to off to with mechanical and forced to TTL white White shooting A5 forced flash, off to seconds Functional F2.8 to to to infinity to ISO PAL NTSC shooting A-2 Specifications
or interface PC, higher and EPSON interface NTSC (NTSC PAL (PAL A5 Interface the memory. If increase and shown when optional the Direct from the the o complexity of each photo, the the The of the the o lithium (FR6), rechargeable or (LR6), AA (single-use Optional AC (B86703 rechargeable Sources Battery life* LCD photo (seconds) (seconds) Approximately Approximately Approximately Approximately LCD LCD off Battery the type and the A-3 Specifications
PCMCIA PC Card ATA Interface Optional PCMCIA II Card type Physical Optional CompactFlash Card A5 4MB CompactFlash Card (B808311) 4MB Physical AC DC 7V/2.0A Height Optional AC EU-18 15MB CompactFlash Card (B808301) Height 15MB capacity Physical including Physical A-4 Specifications
Optional Battery Charger and A5 AC 120V, Charger EU-23 AC 120V, DC 7V/2.0A Physical EU-19 EU-24/1400 EPSON Compatible Charging DC 1.2V 8W to 35C Charging AC 127/220/230/240V, including Height DC 7V/2.0A Physical EU-20 EU-24/1400 EPSON Compatible Charging DC 1.2V AC 110V, EU-27 Height A-5 Specifications
AA (IEC LR6 Battery sealed rechargeable EU-24 Battery A5 8W to 35C Charging to C to C to C DC 1.2V/1400 to RH AC 220/230/240V, EU-24/1400 EPSON Compatible Charging DC 1.2V 8W EU-28 (without AC to 35C Charging A-6 Specifications
C A5 United and the of Ireland Contacting Customer the using the troubleshooting information this services If operating properly and Sign-off: If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, EPSON (UK) LTD of services and technical Customer and Warranty o EPSON o Service o World o to the following information: (The the back of the of (Click the About software.) software and of products, software user and If to the and browser, information the EPSON to the following sections Pre o World Software normally with and their numbers: or B-1 Contacting Customer
from the of Ireland. They the the UK or Customer and Warranty teams following services: and (which yourself). first to the Service, phone Customer and Warranty from the of Ireland touch-tone telephone and numbers, EPSON To EPSON, the UK or Once You to follow to of the to information including troubleshooting switch EPSON service and information. C A5 EPSON and EPSON services the technical section of of EPSON Customer and Warranty service Technical information configuring, and operating EPSON products o EPSON products to repaired within the warranty o EPSON and the found the that the ID numbers. The to automatically. Service and The Ireland, the UK or the UK or from the of from the of Ireland, and They the following information: Pre of to Downloading software to the UK or from the of Ireland. membership required. that ANSI and You the EPSON Service that with include and the software and information. B-2 Contacting Customer
C A5 the You Access the World Worth the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON URL products Pre information and EPSON o Where to purchase EPSON and options o EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of The should the first Dont that often and and easily as as the They often to EPSON EPSON products offered There software and and the EPSON FAXBACK the specifications and through of choices technical information including of the the information to EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as this the following information: Australian EPSON FAXBACK The the BBS to the If This where the software and EPSON B-3 Contacting Customer
World of EPSON software o board when The information the operating and includes the EPSON type of to the information the This information other information required. C A5 board (BBS) to information and the of software. You to the following the BBS service: BBS: You technical the following and numbers: Technical services, to EPSON To technical as as other Limited. the and below: Phone: Office the telephone and To technical as as other services, users to the EPSON below: BBS: both Chinese and English the to users EPSON established with the following information: to o Product information o B-4 Contacting Customer
of with height and of or of representing two-dimensional information, the brightness of the that A5 software that such as processing, editing, or Sign-off: that the through of of or the and the interface which allows the to HTML (HTML processing. and off, or and Short The of or that when the turned or initialized. as factory of second) Phase and PAL National Committee. North America and NTSC or of The amount of light the when photo Text to write the World HTML
interface through which Short Each of of counted of A5 type of interface that input such as or to directly from TWAIN Indication of finely of thumbnails the appear those the white to the where the The the whiteness and white the To of higher or