mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or products. incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized repairs, Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Approved Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Apple and of Apple Computer, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those and Photoshop of Incorporated. LEICA of IR SD Copyright Corporation,
to to to and Notes Introduction Notes information and the of using the of mounting existing The EM mount allows to and they the EPSON or strongly back the HDD to another from the or using Supports CCD-RAW ERF (EPSON RAW such as M/L mount constantly with bright the to The of the below. malfunctions while the EPSON RAW provided. The first of the HDD. the this instructed operation and off immediately. the To fire or shock, this or its To fire or shock, cover this with or other covering that off shock. If this or the Although this to to the force this Follow and instructions this To fire or this where this thunderstorm. Protect the from from the Customer Support. rough this or options to or of these instructions this and this reference. Follow and instructions this and the options. Instructions Introduction
the outlets or other charge the or locations. Charge the The or short-circuit the charge the chargers other than the If charging finished the charging the from with If overheating, or the with or To short-circuiting, the other the from this the that with this other that or the high-pressured or wires or terminals directly to the battery. the to or high humidity. the to heat, fire, or that short-circuit such as or of the reach of the from heat the from with this and such as lighters. when purchase of the battery. microwave. battery. which to and them thoroughly with and If them immediately with connecting this to or other with the both connected the If the the LCD the of the Each To this the or EM mount. to or tighten the too when wearing this the about. This the or the from other or injury. serious injury. the If or immediately Follow the below when using the as only this to the treatment. If treatment the affected thoroughly with and the user injury. immediately. using the Introduction
This that the RBRC. of the battery, RBRC. North America and Users: the charge the and this the the completely the where or then completely about once from this and the of reach. high. the of this charger as they overheat, or and supply directly from the charger where the These and operating instructions should the charger to charge the this as from fire, EU-85. to other with that the and operating instructions the charger with or The charger and with this to with other the battery charger to or high humidity. IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS the type of indicated the charge (non-rechargeable) overheating, or shock. easily specified. Warning: reference. the charger of the battery, completely. of the as ordinary refuse. Instead, to completely cover both of the with to of or with combustion or when of the users: Warning: of the of the with ordinary Instead, of as with and the following Dutch Government KCA of the with ordinary Instead, of recycle with KCA. users: Introduction
the or to foot type SPT-2 or type, AWG with and If the the US and users: The charger included with this of other fire, shock, of the supply the of the If to this Germany, the building protected to If with this the or to the charger outlets switches or this that The should to of the the or the indicated the to the If the straight the and the where outlets the as or using outlets the as photocopiers or that the short-circuit protection and over-current protection this as specifically this outlet the conditioning that switch and off. other that or Customer Support. or and other the cords the or or timers. memory the specifications The memory to type. to to the included with memory the memory while the switch used. memory and them thoroughly The LCD this bright If the the LCD this immediately with If or cloth to clean the or or These and that LCD If the LCD this with and If them thorough flushing, immediately. cleaners. the LCD or the this Introduction
interference, and this interference Class to of the FCC These and and, and that interference installation. If reception, which turning the off and the to outlet from that This with of the FCC to reasonable protection received, including interference that operation. This tested and found to comply with the the to try to the interference or or technician interference installation. This to the following this to or reception. there Increase the the and this interference to and with the instructions, of the to which the connected of the following FCC United States this location to high this location to sunlight or this location to this or light or humidity. United and users only with of the and United to the rating and that the The wires the to this coloured to the supply If to information to the following Warning: The connected to the the with the The connected to the the with the to the please as follows: the of the of this match coloured If to the the or Introduction
and testing as 47CFR Operation to the following this interference received, including interference that with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the to the responsibility that the interference, and this tested and found to with the Records expected to within the accepted, to operation. the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this or the than interface connected The of non-shielded interface to this the authority to the to interfaces. WARNING EPSON G911A of Product: NMB-003 This Class with ICES-003. According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Telephone: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Airport CA MS Located DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Introduction
Started Chapter Battery charger that of the items shown below. Unpacking (EPSON PhotoRAW/EPSON RAW Photoshop CD-ROM cover Started
Top Shutter-release Accessory release switch charge Lock-release JOG quality/WB AE-lock SD LED CANCEL MENU ENTER LCD LCD USER Started
the information with of and white About Needles Used to mount or release Used to mount optional flash. Used to mount optional such as or Accessory displayed the LCD through the or JOG field the the Switches the shooting and the playback LCD Indicates the following of the SD memory occurring memory memory SD LED or white quality/WB the this and to the ISO the Lock-release Switches the on/off. switch the selected item or the playback ENTER to the previous without the playback CANCEL the the LCD the playback MENU the playback or the Half-release: Press the shutter-release Also, this to the the the to the shooting Shutter-release the function previously assigned to USER or LCD Started Full-release: Press this to photo.
the through the the protective and the to of the Follow the below to the with the Attaching the Strap to to the other of the Charging the the Battery the through the the protective and the charge the the the first or of It about hours to charge the when with lithium-ion (EU-85). to Follow the below to the battery. charge Started
the when the charge off. charging the battery, the from the the with the then the The charging the the the the following or the batterys charge. Indicates charging or the Indicates the the the the lithium-ion (EU-85) another or of battery. the Started
If that recharging To the batterys charge, of to completely recharging the batterys service that with battery. that the off, and then the cover as shown below. or the sunlight, or that of shock to the memory this To memory correctly, with the memory You SD memory the SD memory with or the If the of the dirty, or LED Doing the to or the memory cover closed while the memory loaded. This protects the memory and the from and otherwise the memory or or memory while the SD other with memory or dusty. to malfunction. properly. with those and Memory Card DUMMY the the clicks, the of the correct. the battery. DUMMY Started the cover.
that the SD memory LED and then the memory cover. memory SD memory reading Format memory when to the the SD memory SD memory the the While formatting SD memory the of or writing memory including those with the function. or when the LCD instructs to the memory DUMMY The write switch the the the memory clicks. of this switch the memory and or memory with write switch to switch the memory the of the memory and the clicks. the memory cover. DUMMY Started
mounting the while the or with the the this mount the that mounting the the force or from that of with HEKTOR F2.5 ELMAR F3.5 the memory while the Doing the memory clicks. release the SD memory LED and then the If the memory ejected, the memory the to or the SD memory the memory cover. the memory memory cover. Removing memory Match the the with the the Mounting mount You mount the M/L mount of the of mount attaching the optional the with exceeding with this ELMARIT F2.8 (earliest that SUPER ANGULON F3.4 -F2 SUMMICRON) SUPER ANGULON F4 HOLOGON F8 Mounting and the or EM mount. Started
the straight of the mount. the the and the clockwise clicks. Mounting mount mount There three of and of them information mounting the mount optional the used. Turn the the counterclockwise while the release pressed. Mount optional together with its cover the DUMMY Started
Turn the the counterclockwise and the straight mount Turn the clockwise, then the cover. DUMMY the mount screw with that of the and the clockwise clicks. about the the from the with the to the too tightly to the Started
the the first to the (month, and and (hours and the LCD If the from the the and You the using the the LCD and the LCD button. The about inverting the LCD to the the the Once these the the battery, that the and and the LCD records the and each correctly. If necessary, the and Follow the below to the and LCD Turn the switch used. To the switch off, the switch to the off the and Turn the switch to the Turning the the top of the About the information of photo quality, and white indicated the Needles Started
Select the month, and the JOG Year/Month/Day YYYY/MM/DD Day/Month/Year DD/MM/YYYY Confirm that the year highlighted, and the JOG clockwise or counterclockwise to the The Format and the to the Press the ENTER Select the using the JOG and the ENTER You or Select the the JOG and the ENTER using the the LCD Month/Day/Year MM/DD/YYYY the the JOG clockwise, the increased. To Press the ENTER The year and and The and and the to the the the JOG counterclockwise. month highlighted. and C and the ENTER The Format appears. Select Format the using the JOG the You the and the Started
The selected function assigned to the USER and the to the Select the the JOG the You the the LCD The displayed. Confirming the the of the JOG the If operations although the While the the The and the to the the to reduce the the You from or Select the the JOG and the ENTER using the switch the LCD turned off and the the and the ENTER to to the battery. The and the to the C C o o C o o C o o function to the USER the information, the CANCEL to to the functions and assigned to the USER Select Assign the using the You assign the of the following functions to the USER button. Select function to assigned the JOG and the JOG and the ENTER the ENTER Started
The shutter-release the following function. Releasing the and half-release If necessary, this function to to their as shown below. to item displayed the Also, the shutter-release the shutter-release the playback or the the to the shooting Half-release: Press the shutter-release to photo. Full-release: YYYY/MM/DD On the of the rotating the To such as of the focusing the the of the focusing of the Select the using the JOG and the ENTER The displayed. using the Confirm that OK highlighted, and the ENTER button. initialized, and the to the Follow the below to the English USER LCD Brightness focusing of with and the that the together. More focusing Started
Quality Chapter The indicated the from The the of the the (Empty) to The the right-side of the the The photo indicated as (Normal: (High: or (CCD-RAW) the With the the top of the the the to the of the following four factors: the of and white The indicated the manually. Needles About The the of the the white The following the white White the White Although shown the as the the to SD the The the top of the the of or the of The of
The selected indicated the (the the quality/WB to the the right-side of the the JOG to About Needles using the and specified. to to Quality shooting or Follow the below to white white and the The white function the of the to It white the The manually. White using the JPEG or RAW The following shows and their (RAW ratio and Switch the quality/WB to WB about 1.5MB (JPEG) about 10MB CCD-RAW Switch the quality/WB to the about 3MB (JPEG) Follow the below to
the ISO You ISO from or You the selected white the the quality/WB to the the JOG to the white (light You from About Needles or of the reacts to light. You and the of the (ISO manually or the automatically. Follow the the light and below to ISO ISO Priority) If the higher ISO allows focusing and chance of Release the ISO or become the the selected. Follow the below to the the to the the to AE photo.
the off the SD LED If the off the reduction You locking the manually. photo. While the reduction NR Reduction) to (High) the and the than seconds, reduction or with higher the the reduction higher recommended. the charge to the the AE EV and You using the AE EV (overexposure). the subject. Select Background brighter than the and Press the shutter-release the Select Background than the
Priority) the to the To switch the from to the Press the shutter-release The and the manually. This or when You the from to or To the follow the below. while the lock-release the charge lighted, the to to switch the from AE to another To the the to AE the while the lock-release to the which to and This function when The AE-lock to the AE-lock The and while the AE-lock shooting (AE the The of the the the matches from to lighted. DUMMY the shutter-release the AE-lock pressed, the and with the when the the shutter-release button. AE-lock
To or release the follow the below. To the than length. Press the shutter-release the to photo. If the high shoot If recommended to as stationary the The shooting of such as the shutter-release the release the shutter-release shooting the off the SD LED If the off the reduction with the function, or release While the reduction NR Reduction) to (High) the and the than seconds, reduction or the while the to the the the reduction the charge the to to the from the subject. finished. pressed. shooting To the manually, follow the below. the to the the charge
selected from and Turn the to the to the of the used. The corrected to the shooting of the to used. Selecting Press the shutter-release The and the lighted, the DUMMY The the to the to focused with the attached. Press the shutter-release the to photo. You when specifying manually. the to the Priority) the You the to or when The choose the the the the the JOG displayed. using the and the ENTER The Selecting Color/Monochrome
Select the using the JOG the and the ENTER The displayed. Select item which to the the JOG and the ENTER You the item from the each and the MENU The selected of the Select to and the The and the to the the the item the JOG and the Edge and NR ENTER You the from and and to items. To to follow the below. Reduction) each ENTER button. displayed. NR and Edge Reduction) the JOG to To the to the JOG and of the following the JOG To the to the the ENTER The and the JOG and the MENU The displayed. Proceed to to the Select or and the ENTER The the of and Red. selected. The and the to the with optional when lighting optional to the accessory or the the to or below. the the Function already to and NR Edge and Reduction) to Selecting the You the type from or to
You the of the following four factors: the of photo and white the the top of the There the to the of these factors. If of these becomes follow the below to the from the and the of the and the the and the the the and the shutter-release the to the information the flash, the flashs and the Select the the displayed. using the JOG and the ENTER The the using the JOG and the ENTER using the You whether to with numbers. The displayed. The of when the memory replaced. On The and the to the the JOG to highlight On or and the ENTER The of and when the memory
Select the to the JOG and the The the following factors. ENTER Function of the top of the the of the White the of the the right-side of the the or right arrow using the JOG and the ENTER To the the JOG and The selected each The selected to the and the the to its Select using the JOG and the ENTER About Needles To another to to the the ENTER the ENTER
and Next to the playback photo the playback the first the the selected information Highlight inverting the LCD to the LCD and the LCD The switches from the turning the switch the the shooting shooting to the and the recorded To the the the LCD with the displayed. about with the LCD rotating the JOG clockwise or counterclockwise Indicates the the The the of the LCD the following or operations. Indicates rotating the JOG clockwise or counterclockwise the (displayed the Indicates vertically rotating the JOG clockwise or counterclockwise the (displayed the Indicates the or rotating the JOG clockwise or counterclockwise the the playback the following To switch the JOG to the and it clockwise or counterclockwise. information the JOG clockwise or counterclockwise to the previous or photo. the previous or Switching and
rotating the JOG clockwise or counterclockwise the the Indicates or of Appears when the ENTER of photo/total of (battery) appears the of the Also, when the JOG the the JOG the the (lower) the the the JOG the Appears when the Appears when the photo Appears when the CANCEL information of photo/total of and of the photo as follows: and
of photo/total of Highlight with of only when DPOF (displayed when the locked) of photo/total of information of photo/total of Highlight and
the JOG the clockwise, The playback displayed the of the played back with of Select using the JOG and the ENTER from the of the counterclockwise, the from the of the The playback displayed Press the MENU the The To the the ENTER To the Select the the JOG the JOG the To to the the CANCEL Press the ENTER The about seconds each the of the ENTER displayed. (when the with AE with of only when DPOF the and the displayed. AE+1.3) of photo/total of (displayed when the locked) and of displayed. and of ISO White 4-photo of photo/total of the selected photo) and
SD memory locked, the The SD write-protected. displayed. the from the You the displayed with the then the and the playback the currently or of the once the LCD Format memory when to the the Select Format SD Card the the JOG Select Format or Format the JOG and SD memory While formatting SD memory the of SD memory the the the SD memory formatted, the to the SD memory locked, the The and the ENTER The Format SD Card The SD formatting and the Formatting SD write-protected. displayed. the from the or when the LCD instructs to Select OK the JOG and the ENTER the ENTER The displayed. To memory follow the below. then the and including protected the displayed. displayed. Formatting memory the to the JOG and ENTER Confirm that highlighted, and the OK the using the JOG and rotating the JOG the ENTER Select and the The To the currently follow the below. You the with the MENU the The displayed. The confirmation displayed. another to ENTER the displayed. Select using the JOG and the OK the JOG and Press the MENU the playback The Select and the ENTER The the ENTER The confirmation displayed. the ENTER displayed. displayed. and
SD memory the the the the SD memory locked. including protected Unlocking This function to from locking they become only. Unlock the JOG and the ENTER button. the selected the To the protected the SD memory the displayed Select the JOG displayed the top whether the selected locked, the of the Select the JOG and the ENTER The rotating the JOG the the playback the to and the MENU The displayed. If the selected already locked, the item the locked, the another to locked. and the ENTER the top right of the displayed. right of the Select the JOG and the ENTER The the JOG clockwise to the JOG and the ENTER to switch Press the MENU the playback The displayed the top of the or the from to or The To reduce the JOG You displayed the LCD the of the indicated the counterclockwise. displayed. Press the MENU the playback The Select the JOG and the ENTER The Select the JOG and the ENTER displayed. displayed. and
Specify the of the JOG and the The of specified CCD-RAW ENTER Select LCD Brightness the the JOG The and the to the Brightness of the LCD selected from Select the brightness using the JOG and the and the ENTER button. ENTER LCD Brightness of Prints (DPOF Format (DPOF) the memory to the of and information to included each photo. This that the DPOF Also, countries Select the JOG and the ENTER To the DPOF the currently rotating the JOG the another Press the MENU the playback The Select DPOF or DPOF using the JOG To the DPOF DPOF that DPOF and You apply these when or to the DPOF and the ENTER to DPOF. DPOF displayed. and
the LCD Chapter To through the or the JOG the playback with and to the LCD of the following the the LCD turned off and the to the shooting Press the shutter-release the LCD Press the LCD You the LCD to the or the the LCD the the of the to the LCD Then and the and the LCD button. To invert the LCD to the LCD CANCEL MENU ENTER LCD DUMMY Used when the currently selected or option (or items). ENTER Switches from the shooting to or LCD button: the the LCD MENU USER the switch while the LCD inverted or the LCD while the LCD or while holding the the playback the LCD
JPEG with RAW or Function items Used when without and the to the or function. CANCEL button: Used when previously assigned function. USER DPOF DPOF or DPOF Unlock or or photo. The JOG the counterclockwise to the previous or or the or function. To the JOG the as shown below. the JOG clockwise or JOG Select using the JOG and the ENTER Press the MENU the playback The To the follow the below. The displayed. displayed. the to the the MENU the the first. the operations from this items Function the LCD or
month the and and hours and and Function items selecting to from to or Edge NR and Reduction). Function Selects from the following: YYYY/MM/DD MM/DD/YYYY DD/MM/YYYY Format from Selects the of the the or the the to These indicated the and (white the following four of (photo Assigns function to the USER Print, and Assign USER Format Format or Format SD Card (included the On whether to with when the and the memory replaced. memory replaced. from the following: English Selects the LCD Spanish Dutch T-Chinese of the LCD LCD Brightness the and to their Select the JOG and the ENTER Select the JOG and the ENTER Press the MENU the playback The To the follow the below. The displayed. The displayed. displayed. to the the LCD
Edition, Professional, XP Microsoft Edition, XP Professional OS: the RAW Processing Software Chapter MB or memory MB or memory Ware: III or higher IV or higher recommended) MB or MB or recommended) Memory: with CCD-RAW specified these using the RAW software. You the following software to ERF (EPSON RAW from DSC batch using optional EPSON OS OS or Macintosh: OS: Ware: G3 or higher G4 or higher recommended) SVGA or higher, or higher ERF from SD memory to the If ERF memory To the EPSON or EPSON RAW software, CCD-RAW ERF supported. Used with Photoshop Photoshop CS, or Photoshop to ERF (EPSON RAW these EPSON RAW MB or free memory MB or free memory or higher, or MB memory Memory: EPSON The using the with as follows: the RAW Processing Software
the authentication assigning If the EPSON appear, the CD-ROM and then from the Then of Photoshop Photoshop CS, or If the of Photoshop Photoshop CS, or Photoshop automatically, specify EPSON RAW the Double-click EPSON RAW the EPSON Follow the instructions of the software appears to inform that the appears, the user and and then OK or EPSETUP. EXE Photoshop the manually. users: If the EPSON appear, the CD-ROM and then from the Then appears, the and and then The EPSON appears automatically. the authentication assigning Follow the instructions of the software appears to inform that the the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM EPSETUP. EXE OK the Software EPSON Follow the below to EPSON Uninstalling the software EPSON Click to and and EPSON and then of the following to EPSON Click to and Uninstall then Uninstalling the software the EPSON the of Photoshop Photoshop CS, or Photoshop and then EPSON RAW Click to and The EPSON appears automatically. To the EPSON RAW the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM users: EPSON RAW the RAW Processing Software
Photoshop Photoshop CS, or Photoshop the EPSON RAW RAW from Format Then ERF ERF from the and EPSON The of EPSON RAW as shown and the ERF to process. You ERF from below. You ERF from Click to (or and EPSON EPSON and the displayed. and then EPSON Starting the Software EPSON EPSON RAW information about each software, Information and then Photoshop Photoshop CS, the EPSON RAW ERF from the and EPSON RAW from the as Click to (or and Click to The displayed. Select the ERF and the Then ERF or Photoshop the RAW Processing Software
and Troubleshooting Chapter appears the LCD to the following section to the and Troubleshooting To its should clean thoroughly the to the Then, follow these If necessary, clean the with cloth. clean, cloth to the free of to the off cleaning. or cleaners. Cleaning the function the and Unlock the the the The locked. Release the write-protect switch from the and The SD write-protected. The SD already as the write-protect switch the lock. The SD write-protected the and location. Where to sunlight, the its the the following This to the from or Where to or If to the of Near of bright light or high Near of heat or closed with or locations. the Release the write-protect switch from the The SD write-protected. and Troubleshooting
You technical the following telephone and numbers: World Technical If operating properly and the services If and of the software normally below, the Customer to the the troubleshooting information (The the back of the (Click About Info or the operating and Brand and of them the following information: where purchased Product software Product with Product software.) Contacting Customer users To technical as as other services, users to Limited. established both Chinese and English the to with the following to of Product information information: and Troubleshooting
inches) inches) inches) SD memory to 1GB Lithium-ion (EU-85) to 35C to to 60C to Width: Depth: (without Memory and Humidity: R-D1 Specifications EN55022 Class EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN55024 and Lithium-ion EN55022 Class EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN60950 EN55024 Directive 73/23/EEC Battery charger DCF DPOF JPEG: JPEG: JPEG, CCD-RAW CCD-RAW Recorded Recording type: EN55022 Class EN55024 EMC Directive 89/336/EEC
low-temperature LCD photos/photo quality/remaining of power/white 235K SD LCD LED: Supports PRINT (JPEG only) JPEG PRINT flash than SD I/F Memory I/F: Interface type see-through Primary-color CCD (APS EM mount mount: bright switching, With coupled coincidence-type (interlocking to infinity) correction field field EV EV balance)/Sunny/Shade/Cloudy/Incan of Normal (JPEG: (TTL white High (JPEG: to RAW (CCD-RAW) Empty White Electronically vertically Synchronous: or Flash: ISO Supported shooting TTL center-weighted
shooting to about shooting to about turning and repeating of ISO of of (JPEG; this while the off, Shooting then turning the off with the CIPA and WB of Shooting Battery service life: LED based Displayed through Turning the and seconds attached to the accessory every of of (JPEG; with of ISO the first then while using the which turning off the and the and repeating this Shooting and WB Records the shooting the clock (YYYY/MM/DD, H/M/S) hours without battery) clock: clock Battery charger EU-85 of battery: Capacity: supply VAC, LED Completed: LED A281H Charging Charging
about 1.5MB about 10MB about 3MB ratio (JPEG): (JPEG): CCD-RAW: of Performance The following options the Lithium-ion EU-85) About Optional