EPSON Photo!2 A5 with to the of the information Neither rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. from the of the information Photo!2 Sign-off: or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third repairs, or to this SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION and its or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation the United States of America and other IBM and PS/2 of International Corporation. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. of Apple Computer, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
EPSON A5
EPSON Sign-off: with and The information this four reference. Introduction A5 About This and software, EPSON and EPSON the or and white, and The EPSON software including EPSON them to as Introduction Chapter with of EPSON o Chapter to while the software. o information the software. to this chapter first. o Chapter to and to EPSON o EPSON directly of the of EPSON and the cross-platform interface other o The software the following EPSON EPSON o with To and the information about EPSON Notes information and operating and software. You such as JPEG and TIFF, with publishing and image-editing software. o EPSON allows to or optional from the to the o EPSON allows to and other applications. o Introduction
to optional CompactFlash Card memory or or directly from the Macintosh) with of with least 30MB free PC with or higher (with or higher required) NT IBM EPSON Introduction A5 8MB RAM (with NT, least 16MB required) or or or Microsoft NT or Workgroups Microsoft with RS-232C interface and of or higher with least 30MB free VGA with least with of or higher with PC Computers 16MB RAM Introduction
EPSON the Software PC Chapter A5 This chapter shows to to the software It covers the following: the Software Sign-off: software PC, and follow the this section. to the CD when the installation, There CD-ROMs with EPSON EPSON and the other Each and other optional software. the country of purchase, CD-ROM as the If the the Software the Software PC to EPSON first. You other software EPSON the Software
You the of software the Click to or the of the software PC. You of the software to The software the or the that with CD-ROM. Click Then follow the instructions the and from EPSON software from the to and them You this software to EPSON software EPSON Photo!2 Chapter A5 EPSON the OK EPSON follow the instructions the to other software PC. EPSON Turn and the software CD shipped with the CD-ROM Follow the this section to EPSON software. appears automatically. Click the the CD, introductory or NT Software EPSON the EPSON automatically. to EPSON and the the LCD or them from the to You then EPSON software Follow the this section to the EPSON software Click the the Then the CD-ROM and CD or NT the Software
EPSON EPSON and/or EPSON the of the other software to EPSON installation; of EPSON software the which appears the of The other software PC. Chapter A5 If the from the then the EPSON the previous section from through already installed. EPSON the the of EPSON installation; of the section. EPSON EPSON PC. If the from the the through EPSON Photo!2 software. EPSON already installed. the software, the OK Follow the instructions the EPSON follow the instructions the to other software PC. EPSON the OK Follow the instructions the the Software There CD-ROMs with EPSON EPSON and the other Macintosh. Each and other software. to the CD when the software and follow the this section. with other software allowing to the of Follow the this section. other software the Software
to EPSON and the the LCD or them from the to You then EPSON software EPSON and from EPSON software from the to and them You this software to to EPSON first. You other software EPSON EPSON software EPSON Chapter A5 Turn the and the software CD shipped with the CD-ROM of the software. Double-click the of the country of purchase, the Follow the below to EPSON software Double-click the Double-click the CD-ROM Turn the and the software CD shipped with the CD-ROM Follow the below to EPSON software Double-click the CD-ROM the of the to the where to the software. the Follow the instructions Double-click the Photo!2 to the of the Double-click the EPSON Photo!2 software. Double-click the of the country of purchase, the EPSON the Software
EPSON Photo!2 Chapter A5 Turn the and the software CD shipped with the CD-ROM with other software allowing to the of follow these other software Double-click the that the software to Double-click the to the Then follow the instructions the the software, the Software of the software. Double-click the of Double-click the CD-ROM the Software
EPSON Chapter A5 the Software
EPSON Connecting the to Chapter A5 to and the Then them or the about This chapter including: EPSON Photo!2 Sign-off: Chapter the If optional AC whenever the the to Macintosh, both the If the to PC, and Battery the processing, and the that with the finished to Connecting the to to from the when the connected to Shut-off The shut-off back and the cover, or of the software of inactivity. To turn the the connected to of the buttons or the the You the through EPSON to the EPSON Photo!2
the the of the the back of You COM2, or with If COM1 and to the and turned off. the LCD turned off. Follow these to the to PC: EPSON A5 Connecting to PC with the the the type of the arrow or the of the Then the of the and the the the with Then the screws. arrow or EPSON
EPSON the to the then the screws. the or the and the with the the Chapter A5 the from or of telephones. of interference, such as Turn the and the and turned off. the LCD turned off. Follow these to the to Macintosh: back of The should the and the the with icons. Connecting to EPSON
the turned turned off The If connected the to that another and o Turn the and the cover the of the cover EPSON Chapter A5 them EPSON software that with This software allows to to Once and and turned ready to with the of interference, such as or the of the from telephones. o Accessing EPSON with the the the arrow or the of the the type of Then the If EPSON Photo!2 following the instructions Chapter Then follow the instructions this section to the software. arrow or EPSON
EPSON To EPSON from that the TWAIN choose as the TWAIN from then the To EPSON directly, its located the EPSON Chapter A5 If clock to the the and to that of the EPSON The to EPSON from TWAIN- or instructions selecting TWAIN or software. to software OLE the EPSON To EPSON directly, its and NT or its the EPSON and NT then the To EPSON from choose EPSON as the TWAIN that the TWAIN EPSON the OLE2 and choose To EPSON from that and OK EPSON
the or While the and the communicating, other this otherwise interrupted. Click the the top of the EPSON to the following EPSON introductory appears the EPSON then the appears, indicating and connected properly. EPSON Working with EPSON A5 which to to the The thumbnail of the the easily or from the the displays the internal memory. If the the the instead of the the If optional CompactFlash Card the to displayed, the CompactFlash Card from the that to From this or them from the Also, The displays of from to thumbnails and to to and the connected. correctly connected instructions using the to establish the If the appears of the If the and properly EPSON
EPSON Photo!2 The what operation EPSON The shows the of operations, such as downloading from the A5 The allows to the From this the internal to the to the and from The allows to and of the The the that they and the selection You the downloading clicking the thumbnail of the of the to EPSON the appears and EPSON Photo!2 downloading first. the Click of the EPSON related to the items that Closing EPSON the displays the the instead of the the If optional CompactFlash Card the memory. You EPSON clicking of the displays the and to the and buttons, EPSON which displayed. and information EPSON Photo!2
EPSON downloading they ready to to or to You the Select to the appear the selection and selection appear around selected You the while clicking the the once, or Selecting properly, the and the the as If the connected EPSON Chapter A5 You or of of as this Click Click Selecting thumbnail Click the first the Then SHIFT the the COMMAND CTRL Selecting thumbnails COMMAND CTRL Click the first the Then SHIFT the the selected the selection of of thumbnails Selecting selection EPSON
EPSON Photo!2 The and function of the photo located whether EPSON characteristics of the photo below the the directly, or from TWAIN- or The following the EPSON Chapter A5 to located the top right of the characteristics of the photo The and function of the whether EPSON directly, or from TWAIN- or The following the EPSON Photo!2 to and the PICT PCX On supported. that allows the JPEG, BMP, or OLE TWAIN To To selected as EPSON that allows to JPEG selected as EPSON that allows to JPEG Function selected as EPSON that allows JPEG to OLE TWAIN To to selected from the selected to from the Function to than to each photo, counter the If assign automatically. created automatically. created Notes automatically. created TWAIN Notes EPSON Photo!2
You to directly to directly only) o o the selection them You of applications, spreadsheets, and such as publishing to EPSON Chapter A5 You this to to or and TWAIN. of OLE2 Microsoft Word and OLE2 and of TWAIN HotShots, Photoshop, PicturePublisher and WordPerfect with the to If allows to directly from as JPEG, BMP, or PCX and then them If OLE2 or TWAIN, EPSON from On the OLE2 or TWAIN, to as PICT the buttons. You the of information, To the Photo!2 as JPEG, BMP, or PCX and from the photo first EPSON OLE2 or TWAIN, try. If On the Macintosh, If whether the photo as PICT Following typical directly photo to OLE2- or or other EPSON
EPSON Photo!2 EPSON and the to the selection the or where to the or other Chapter A5 the where to the the or where to the applications, choose the from the and EPSON and the EPSON Photo!2 that both the the If to seconds the from the selection the appear. the where the and release the button. of the appears Select the to the Please to software The to EPSON instructions. Macintosh) as the TWAIN then applications, EPSON (or the type to BMP or PCX. (On the the type to PICT.) Follow these to TWAIN, to to and JPEG to the If OLE2 or them from If of the appears Select the Then the OLE2 You this to to and with only) EPSON
to using the EPSON JPEG and with the To EPSON as and which to using the the choose the PICT and as JPEG, BMP, or PCX On the Click the appears which specify and the Select the to the selection EPSON clicking its EPSON Chapter A5 You the to selected from as below: selected from the where to the the or where to the Choose the or command. The It appear the the or another Click the appears to that to these Click The selected Select the to choose the command, where the of or choose from of the or the to and Click OK The appears EPSON
EPSON Photo!2 You of thumbnail or double-clicking the thumbnail. The photos the and its displayed the selection clicking the the Chapter A5 If of the locked, appears whether to the or them. Click to the or to them. information height of and to the of the The of the one-half the and The when selected. with following information: You of the The selected thumbnail the selection clicking the Info Quality or and the the To increase and to reduce You only this when the Photo(s) buttons, or OLE You this and information or the clicking the while the pressed. The Info when selected. clicking the with the right when ID EPSON
and thumbnails of the selected appear the the the selection The of the selected displayed below the the the buttons when to clockwise or counter-clockwise the of The You should that when this EPSON Photo!2 A5 Rotating The allows The the and the and that the EPSON from to to to the containing the allows to to or The The displayed the selection to the selected thumbnails updated to their the of the rotates and the The button, the the to and Photo(s) buttons, or OLE from the matches the thumbnail. the photos the It the when The of the from the EPSON
EPSON photo the the and function of the EPSON software. the summary the A5 Upload/Copy the the PICT to and PCX On that allows JPEG, BMP, or OLE TWAIN selected photo to selected to Function selection to to each photo, counter than the If assign TWAIN only Notes the as the You the to The around the To the To the selection once, Click the Selecting EPSON
Click the to that allows from Select the where to the containing the the and OK the containing and publishing You the selection them of such as spreadsheets, to EPSON Chapter A5 to another this the selected to the or optional CompactFlash memory or to Click the Upload/Copy to following appears. Uploading and copying directly If to If OLE2 or TWAIN, and the from the the buttons. You the of information, To the as the section from the from from the You the to and where the EPSON
EPSON You of the selection clicking the Info the The selected with the following information: Chapter A5 information instructions EPSON that originally from the or this to to EPSON using the To or to EPSON using the EPSON EPSON Uploaded or to the to the memory or to another the they appear the selection or and the photo ID Click the to selected from appears to to these from You this and information or the clicking the while the pressed. The Info when selected. clicking the with the right when or them. Click to the the whether to the the If of the locked, appears or to them. EPSON
the buttons when to clockwise or counter-clockwise the of The You should that when this You of thumbnail and its displayed the or double-clicking the thumbnail. The the selection clicking the EPSON Chapter A5 the of the from the and Photo(s) buttons, or OLE selected thumbnails updated to their and the The to the matches the thumbnail. and height of to the of the The of the one-half the and The when thumbnails selected. from the the appears. The allows to and the the To increase and and to reduce using Photo(s) or OLE You this when EPSON
EPSON The the and the the updated whenever the or count the arrow the to Selecting the Chapter A5 connected to the this properly connected to the following the instructions of the accordingly. You switch freely these and that the information the of You that to the buttons the top the this as would the connected to the the The and the top of the the the the switch. the from EPSON
the connected to EPSON software The the the and the features through switch. from the arrow the to EPSON Chapter A5 Selecting the Forced To the the shots. Click the the the facing the You to the to the to Stop the or another the to or somewhat the from This slowly. the section of the using the the to the information the the Selecting the the the to EPSON Photo!2
EPSON the and another the The and the the light flashing and To from the light the flashes A5 Activating the The information using the of the optional AC recommended. AC o the to off the Stop preview. Click the the You off the when using and then off the o To the the appears to to the selected Click to the or to To the the EPSON the every seconds the amount of specified the The the Seconds the This to life. EPSON
clicking the You the and establish You and with the and information appears the the the the appears. and to other The allows to such as the and EPSON Chapter A5 the the of the and its to the EPSON information this to The the Computer displays If there with the the know the of the to the and from If the and the the and If the that both and to that the connected correctly, as EPSON
EPSON only and using and (The or NT and PC with high-speed and (The The choices and the choices or higher.) which EPSON with the selected, EPSON The option allows to the selects the Chapter A5 the to the and properly the turned and the enough and the Click the to the Click the to information This information appears the the and its to the the The internal You the internal and within the the and and these ID The option allows to the to the to the the to the and the selected, EPSON selects COM such as COM1, COM2, and Macintosh, the choices and The choices and EPSON Photo!2
to to and the to the and If the Copy From Click OK EPSON the and clock to to the and recorded, to the clock the LCD the batteries. instructions or the below. The the clock the LCD automatically. from the to exactly when the and of each EPSON Photo!2 Chapter A5 the clock appears the introductory when If to the that to EPSON and the About the when connected to You ID clicking the type the ID The Info the ID About appears. The and Click the The and shown. If the and the and shown. Follow these to the clock from showing the ID and Click OK Click the About to introductory to to the EPSON Photo!2
EPSON Photo!2 EPSON A5 with that allow to and optional from to This chapter including: the Sign-off: Chapter this to of the that You this software to and of everything displayed the to the or to memory The EPSON software included the CD-ROM shipped with allows to JPEG or BMP to EPSON and to or to CompactFlash memory to the software or or You the following the
EPSON The EPSON appears with the To displayed. following the instructions To EPSON to the with the EPSON software. If these EPSON from their to whichever of these three choose. EPSON Chapter A5 from Follow these to to or NT or from PC the EPSON To from to Select type from the and the from the and Then selected appear the containing the to the connected to the EPSON and that both the and the and the LCD turned off. the
EPSON each the Selected from the A5 Select the to the the the once, the Then the If to The selected appear the Selected selected or the to the selection, the to buttons when selected. from the Selected These function the they uploaded. If to the to rearrange, then the or If to rearrange the Sort arrows. the to the where to the the Click then If to of the to EPSON the process, EPSON with the specified. Click OK The selected displayed to the right of the the
Double-click the EPSON The EPSON appears. If to to the appears. Highlight type and Select The Select Select then the to the If to selected and its the EPSON Chapter A5 If the to the EPSON the to the specified. from Follow these to from to the connected to the EPSON and that both the and the and the LCD turned off. the
EPSON each the Selected from the A5 Click the button. The Select to then each appears. Double-click the containing the to and Select. appear the Selected the they selecting to the The selected uploaded. to EPSON the process, EPSON the specified. If to from this the and the
If to to that as turn the from within the EPSON of with the or to the function. Screen to the the where to the the Click then If to of the Click OK The selected to the right of the EPSON A5 the to the turned EPSON and that both the and the and the LCD turned off. Follow these to users to If the the EPSON the to the specified. If to to the appears. Highlight type and The Select Select then the to the If to selected and its the The EPSON appears. EPSON the
EPSON the ALT CTRL or SHIFT then from the The the Specify the to the F5 To located to the EPSON Chapter A5 Click the The appears. to Stop The the the Click to the the Stop Pressing the the combination. Select the containing the to appear the the where to the from the and Then each to and You as as to then the and the selected. created automatically. If to the the New and the
the connected to the turned Also EPSON and that both the and the and the LCD turned off. the EPSON The EPSON the EPSON and appears. If to to the right the To The appear the Follow the from to the finished Stop and the the Screen The selected EPSON Chapter A5 and the to then SHIFT+COMMAND+3 and the finished shots, You as as this software, then EPSON the EPSON to the screen to users EPSON to active, then follow the instructions from To to the the instructions The instructions below of computers, the shots. Follow these to of the
EPSON Photo!2 Chapter A5 EPSON automatically. To EPSON software, EPSON Photo!2, o to optional from PC or The EPSON allows to to EPSON selects the to to the to the selected, EPSON The option allows to the the and the If the properly connected to the appears. the and the turned Connecting the internal memory optional the of o CompactFlash memory cards. You optional from instructions. o COM such as COM1, COM2, and the choices The choices and and the user the operation and of the optional The highlighted helpful information to software. the
or to CompactFlash Card, then If there the internal memory, the to the from the If the memory when optional the properly. The choices or higher.) and (The high-speed and the or NT and PC with (The and choices and only The option allows to the selected, EPSON which EPSON with the selects the EPSON Photo!2 Chapter A5 If the properly connected to the appears. the previous section the to the Click or the EPSON the EPSON or The EPSON appears. the OK EPSON appears. Click to the that the to the to from the Applications the to the turned EPSON and that both the and the and the LCD turned off. Follow these to optional to the the
EPSON If the properly connected to the appears. to Click or the EPSON the EPSON or The EPSON appears. Chapter A5 the finished, the appear the Applications Click EPSON the selected Click to the the and from the Applications Click OK The selected from Click appears. Click the to the Applications Click to the Follow these to optional from the the instructions the the LCD You the Software instructions. Removing the connected to the turned EPSON and that both the and the and the LCD turned off. the
EPSON Chapter A5 the
EPSON the to which connected properly and that the I/O and the (IRQ) assigned to the with other Chapter A5 software should easy to and should easy to Troubleshooting Sign-off: Chapter If user and the with another turned off. EPSON with the connected to the appears when EPSON and other software the following section to with EPSON The EPSON appears instead of the when the to and EPSON Software the and the the of EPSON software. You to to the turned and the enough the connected correctly, as the connected correctly, as the and the the of EPSON software. You to to the turned and the enough Troubleshooting
or with to the while the and communicating. While the and communicating, the EPSON A5 Troubleshooting
EPSON A5 Sign-off: with of to and white. software that such as or The the and the interface and JPEG than TIFF and other JPEG to and information Windows-based OLE processing. and off, or and Short The of only the intensity of and white BMP of counted of Short of and PCX graphics. PICT the and holding the the then releasing the to the on-screen holding the location. or that when the turned or initialized. known as factory of second)
Measured inch inch or Indication of finely inch interface through which EPSON A5 such as or to directly type of interface that input from TWAIN of thumbnails