Sign-off: EPSON COLOR DIGITAL CAMERA Click this Notice Declaration of Conformity EUL A5 Introduction with with the LCD the and Troubleshooting the Direct Contacting Customer Introduction Started Specifications Index
Sign-off: 3-chome, Prof. J. H. AT SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EPSON EUROPE B.V. The Representative: Address: Address: According to ISO/IEC and EN Declaration of Conformity Cover A5 of the information Neither CORPORATION. with to the mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, from the of the information contained rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or without the written of SEIKO EPSON IMPORTANT NOTICE EN AC EU-20) EN AC EU-20) Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): IEC IEC IEC EN Class Directive 89/336/EEC: EN July, EPSON G660A that the Product: Product repairs, or to this or the or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized to the purchaser of this or third Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its operating and instructions. U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON products other than those as EPSON or from the of options or SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. photographing of copyrighted the of knowledgeable attorney, and photographing published without the of the photocopiers, copyright NOTE CONCERNING RESPONSIBLE USE OF COPYRIGHTED MATERIALS of EPSON EUROPE B. Y. of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. of Apple Computer, Inc. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. only and of their respective owners. EPSON Notice: Other and rights those CompactFlash of Corporation. Copyright1997 SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
or or or 4MB internal memory Introduction A5 and immediately them with including EPSON software that revolutionary, You then and or them with everything to easy-to-use that to EPSON Sign-off: Introduction Three and and LCD and back professional and and brochures. with business or the or with with right and to to with forced flash, and off and recording each shut-off to and includes the following features: High Introduction
EPSON Products or EPSON Products or from the of options or products other than those as (UK) (UK) Limited. United of options Introduction A5 EPSON software optional to the from EPSON software allows to and them to to EPSON EPSON software to PC with or higher (with or higher required) NT IBM with RS-232C interface and of or higher and with The following options from EPSON: 8MB RAM (with NT, least 16MB required) or or NT or Microsoft or Workgroups Microsoft VGA or SVGA with least with least 30MB free The the of the which country. AC (B86703 with CompactFlash Cards (4MB: B808311, 15MB: B808301) PCMCIA (B867041) Introduction
such as or and the AC from the If the or of its options shows and/or the AC and the off immediately. the To fire or the where or To fire or shock, the or its options to or thunderstorm. Introduction A5 and of or higher with or PC Computers 8MB RAM or cleaners. off with clean, cloth. To to the optics of the the to sunlight of to optional CompactFlash Card memory or or directly from the with of with least 30MB Instructions If the while the to the its memory. The and or If the the and subjecting to or otherwise the following the permanently reference. Follow and instructions of these instructions and them the and its options. the cover of the or of its options and as instructed To reduce the of shock, this through Introduction
If the or normally or the or its the performance. only those that or its options or the the or its options covered the operating instructions. the and/or the and servicing to service the following Introduction A5 its when the or its options of or or where they bright light, sunlight, high humidity, heat, to or To short-circuit protection and building protected over-current protection the products, the If to the and its options Germany, the following: which to the and its to them from to the and its options or options to to Allow the and its using them. the type of indicated this To injury, of and them thoroughly with If the the or the the LCD and If them immediately with the cords Also, the outlet the rating of the If with the optional AC the rating of the the or cord. Introduction
Introduction A5 to injury. to to and Notes Notes information and the operation of and its Introduction
Chapter A5 This chapter ready to It covers the following: Started Sign-off: Chapter hand the shown below. EPSON software EPSON software to know the Attaching the the CD-ROM and/or type and Started
switch Chapter A5 to learn about its features, as shown below. to the LCD memory light cover light BACK SELECT cover and switch Started
Top A5 cover memory cover Started
four the positioning the and as shown below. Chapter A5 Turn the with the facing the cover and to the right, then the cover. the off, and follow these with four AA (LR6) to the the cover and the as shown below. Started
instructions and with agency information about recycling and government of to the the and them the of location. Chapter A5 wear them with of the following: AA (LR6) AA (FR6) lithium life) them with four If If rechargeable or recharge them of that them completely recharging. Battery the type and the to such as or of batteries. allow the To the of fire or which the batterys Warning: Rechargeable AA Rechargeable AA them or them to fire. or four the the following when batteries: batteries. Started
the CD-ROM (If the the software CD shipped with Follow the this section to EPSON software. the software PC Chapter A5 or NT To the the around the the of the as shown below. Attaching the Strap Double-click the CD-ROM You the EPSON (If the the of the software. Double-click the the country, the EPSON and the EPSON and Double-click the Double-click the SETUP.EXE Follow the instructions the and them You with EPSON software that from the to this software to and from automatically. EPSON the EPSON EPSON Software Started
Double-click the CD-ROM (If the the the country, the EPSON software. Double-click the of the Double-click the EPSON Chapter A5 the CD-ROM (If the the software CD shipped with then the CD-ROM (If the the or NT Double-click the to the Follow the instructions the software that to the LCD or EPSON and them from the to You then the with EPSON EPSON the EPSON directory and the subdirectory. Double-click SETUP.EXE Follow the instructions the the country, the EPSON directory of the software. Double-click the subdirectory and the CD-ROM (If the the software CD shipped with the software Follow the below to EPSON software Macintosh. Started
the CD-ROM (If the the software CD shipped with then the CD-ROM (If the the Chapter A5 or NT the CD-ROM (If the the software CD shipped with Follow the this section to the EPSON software the software PC or NT the FUPLOAD directory and Double-click SETUP.EXE Follow the instructions the the country, the CD-ROM Double-click the subdirectory of the software. and the FUPLOAD and FUPLOAD (If the Double-click the CD-ROM You the the Double-click the the CD-ROM (If the the software CD shipped with the software Follow the below to EPSON Software the country, the FUPLOAD of the software. Double-click the and SETUP.EXE Double-click the Follow the instructions the Started
SELECT BACK switch Chapter A5 the country, the Double-click the of the software. the Double-click the CD-ROM (If the Double-click the Press the SELECT the highlighted. If to the instructions. Press the BACK to selection and to the or Playback the LCD the first country, choose English, French, You to the displayed or Spanish. the of the to the where to the software. the them, to the month, the the first or when and and (hour and the follow these to the clock the LCD and to the and of each recorded. the and appears the LCD Press of the English that to the seconds. The appears. to the right of the or the switch the back of the to or Follow these to the Started
the and correctly the month, hour, and as and BACK the item to red. If to the Chapter A5 to or that to the clock appears the the switch the back of the clock the to and automatically. instructions If to when the the to the the and the SELECT the LCD to the or ready to with Turn to instructions. BACK If to the clock, the to to the or appears with the the Press the SELECT to the clock. The clock highlighted red. Press the SELECT The year and the month highlighted. to the the to increase the or the Press the correct. Started
Turning the On and Chapter A5 with to to everything to about the following: and shoot" This chapter Sign-off: Chapter the top of the lights The light counterclockwise. The and the the back of the flashes seconds, then The ready to To the the cover On Turning the and off Checking the Clicking the The shut-off the clockwise to off the The and the off. Checking the counter back with
the seconds with the LCD the turned within seconds of switching the LCD to the with the LCD Chapter A5 seconds buttons pressed. To the back the cover then To the off to the optional AC the shut-off Shut-off the connected to with the LCD To the LCD back the switch to OFF then back to or Playback. connected to the optional AC the LCD shut-off the connected to If the shut-off using EPSON software. information, the connected to when of the software off of inactivity. It back EPSON software. the LCD off the following the LCD off the with the LCD LCD with
the with the LCD appears the LCD seconds, then the the the Playback or the flashing, the appears the this and the off automatically. Chapter A5 Checking the Battery The track of and information and the of The including the surrounding to that factors below C) You should the as rough and the type of information about Turn the and the light the Follow the below to using the or the LCD Clicking the the with
flashing and the another when the light the while the light flashing turned off and the You and the (If to red, hear the light memory years, when the The flashing light that the Chapter A5 straight through the and the cross-hairs. the Press the the of the from to If wish, off-center without the to the The light the to the photo. The the the when Turn the and the switch the back of the to You the LCD the the LCD the the light flashing and the light switch with LCD
using the LCD the should least from to as as through the instructions. Chapter A5 appears the without the Press the the to the of the LCD and the light the from to If wish, off-center the of the to the photo. the and the of appear the of the LCD indicating the of too light. back. bright light the beach or from the using image-editing software. You flash within of to information the built-in flash. then the to preview. the the LCD displays the with the of the the finishes the the light flashing and the The appear to when lighting, the This while the recharges the flash. The LCD and the to the the to this with
The buttons the top of the allow to the following features: the off the with LCD A5 Chapter the LCD the back of switched to the surrounding the to these photo switch to their factory when or the batteries.
include the approximately and white include and the approximately A5 from to another. The appear the Press the to three and as shown below. The the include and white the only include approximately If of the when the LCD the from to and white, appear around the and MONOCHROME appears the include and the approximately with
The fires with every this to when facing the Forced effects, or where photography lighting this The when prohibited. off Chapter A5 to through the three The appear the as shown below. built-in effective within of to Press the of the The You switch freely these and accordingly. the flash the flash recharged. of yourself. The appears the the the and the This allows to when the Follow these to the with the Forced Turn the and the light the or lighting (factory The fires whenever off with
To accurately, that the LCD rather than the when To turn off the Chapter A5 Press the Press the The appears the light the front of the Press the The and the seconds, then seconds the releases. three release of stop-action This shoot wide-angle and allows to the as as three Shooting the to to motion, such as of easy-to-see photo The when the The You to the each flashing and another light the back of the flashes as the the light to the within of to Follow these This to the to to the Turn the and the switch to appears the LCD Press the button. The appears the appears around the and MACRO appears the LCD with
To these follow these Turn the and the switch to appears the LCD the and buttons surrounding the LCD to the as below. switch To the the appears around the and ZOOM displayed the with the and with A5 Chapter You increase the from to or the button. To the from back to the (If the already the switches the to To the the photo then the once. PANORAMA appears the with and the LCD with the top and While the top of the to or information To the the then the appears around the and MULTI displayed the with
of The the of the shows Checking the Counter A5 You switch freely these and these the Once selected stop-action the the LCD then displays the appear, finished the The of the the of chosen. If this the the finishes the the If with PAL broadcasting the LCD and the light flashes red. seconds, the appears the LCD to and the light when and release the You then another photo. instructions the LCD reads The light the back of the the memory the the You to or of the them, the to and If to red, and the the as Chapter To the the with
the switch to Playback The appears the LCD with the and that the and the of indicating the appear the of the Since to the to back leaving the off to Chapter A5 shown below. instructions optional memory of the memory appears the as If optional CompactFlash Card, the cards, of the memory switch You the LCD to already instructions. to the previous or or Press the LCD back LCD or the LCD To back follow the below. with
the cover the of the the and turned off. Follow these to to Chapter A5 back the the Playback or You to "thumbnail" Chapter instructions. the to the the as shown below. cover the country. If NTSC specifications. If PAL NTSC telecasting telecasting specifications PAL specifications. You the using the that with as the LCD with
Chapter A5 the other of the to the input the Turn the and switch to If the optional AC the both the and the LCD The appears the instead of the LCD the switch to with
Connecting to Chapter A5 with finished Then them or about This the to and the chapter including: Sign-off: Chapter the optional AC the whenever the The the processing, then the that with to PC, and both the and to to If the finished to Connecting to to from the the connected to of the buttons or the the You the through Uploading EPSON to the with
the the with of the and the Then the screws. A5 back and the cover, when the connected to or of the software The shut-off of inactivity. To the the cover the of the the back of You COM1 and COM2, to or the with If the and turned off. the LCD turned off. Follow these to the Connecting to PC Connector with
the and turned off. the LCD off. back of The should the and the the with Follow these to the Connecting to A5 the type of with the the Then the arrow or the of the the arrow the from or the of telephones. of interference, such as Turn the and with
the cover the of the cover Chapter A5 the to the then tighten the screws. the or the and the with the the with the the the arrow or the of the the type of Then the arrow with
If the clock when connected to the to and EPSON Chapter A5 the turned turned turn off The If connected the to that another and Turn the and the EPSON Photo!2 To EPSON directly, its and NT or its the EPSON Photo!2 and NT EPSON the OLE2 and choose To EPSON from that and OK choose EPSON as the TWAIN then the To EPSON from that the TWAIN of interference, such as or the of the from telephones. EPSON software that with This software allows to to Once and and turned ready to with the that them Accessing EPSON If EPSON following the instructions Then follow the instructions this section to the software. with
A5 To EPSON directly, its located the EPSON To EPSON from that the TWAIN choose as the TWAIN from then the users connected. correctly connected If the appears of the appear, instructions using the to If the and properly to establish the instructions selecting TWAIN or The to EPSON from TWAIN- or software. to software OLE the While the and the communicating, or other this otherwise the interrupted. EPSON introductory appears the EPSON then the appears, indicating and connected properly. with EPSON with
The allows to the From this the to the to the internal and and the shut-off Chapter A5 which to to the The displays thumbnail of the the easily or from the Click the the top of the EPSON to the following four Click of the EPSON related to the items that You EPSON clicking of the Closing EPSON that to From this thumbnails and to The displays of or them from the Also, from to the displays the the instead of the the If optional CompactFlash Card the internal memory. The what operation EPSON currently displays the and to the and buttons, EPSON what currently displayed. and information from The allows to and the with
Chapter A5 The shows the of operations, such as downloading from the the selection Selecting The the that they and displayed the selection thumbnail of the the thumbnail the to You the downloading clicking EPSON the appears and EPSON Photo!2 downloading first. EPSON downloading they ready to to or to You the Select to the selection appear around selected appear the selection and You the Select while clicking the thumbnail the once, or If the connected properly, the and the appear instead of the the of to the information using the with
selected as EPSON that allows JPEG to To OLE TWAIN to selected photo from the Chapter A5 selected to from the Function You or of of as this COMMAND CTRL Selecting thumbnails Click Click Selecting thumbnail automatically. created selected to TWAIN Notes the Click the first SHIFT the the Then COMMAND CTRL Click the first the SHIFT the the Then of Selecting thumbnails selection of selected the thumbnail The and function of the located whether EPSON The following the characteristics of the photo below the the directly, or from TWAIN- or EPSON located the top right of the characteristics of the The following the The and function of the whether EPSON Photo!2 directly, or from TWAIN- or EPSON selected with
the and to the as JPEG, BMP, or PCX On the choose the PICT to the EPSON JPEG and with the To EPSON Photo!2 as and which Chapter A5 to and the PICT PCX On supported. that allows the JPEG, BMP, or To To OLE TWAIN selected as EPSON that allows to JPEG selected as EPSON that allows to JPEG Function spreadsheets, the selection them You of such as and publishing to to than to each photo, counter the If assign automatically. created automatically. created Notes allows to directly from to If as JPEG, BMP, or PCX and then them from On the Macintosh, If OLE2 or TWAIN, EPSON OLE2 or TWAIN, to as PICT with
the or where to the Following typical directly photo to OLE2- or or other A5 You to directly to directly and only) choose from the and EPSON the EPSON (or as the TWAIN then the the where to the You this to to or and TWAIN. of OLE2 Microsoft Word and OLE2 and of TWAIN HotShots, Photoshop, PicturePublisher and WordPerfect with the of the appears Select the Then the photo the Please to software The EPSON instructions. as JPEG, BMP, or PCX and from the first EPSON OLE2 or TWAIN, try. If On the Macintosh, If whether the photo as PICT with
TWAIN, to to and the type to PICT.) Follow these If OLE2 or type to BMP or PCX. (On the Macintosh, them from If JPEG to the to Chapter A5 EPSON and the to the selection with and only) OLE2 You this to to and Click the appears which specify and the Select the to the selection EPSON Photo!2 clicking its the or where to the and the EPSON that both the or other Select the to the or where to the Choose the or command. The It appear the the or another the where to the the If and the from the selection to the appear. the where the and release the of the appears with
The the selection the to of selected and what actually the Click the Info and as as the thumbnail with the A5 photo information choose the command, where the of or choose from of the or the to and OK Click The appears You this clicking the with the right when or clicking the while the pressed. The Info when selected. when and the You the to selected from as below: selected from Select the to and thumbnails of the currently selected the the appear the selection The of the currently selected displayed below the selection selection to The the the Click the appears to that to these If of the locked, appears whether to the or them. Click to the or to them. Click The selected with
the as the You the to The around when selected. Click the Select to the Click the selection to once. Chapter A5 Selecting to the containing the to The allows that the and and The the and the EPSON from to allows to the selection The the the and function of the EPSON software. the the summary. with
memory to the or to optional CompactFlash Click the to selected this the following appears. Chapter A5 to and the PICT PCX On supported. that allows the JPEG, BMP, or OLE TWAIN selected photo to selected to Function memory the they appear the Uploaded to the or the selection to to each photo, counter than the If assign TWAIN only Notes the To or to the instructions this to to EPSON using this to EPSON using the EPSON that originally downloaded from the Click the to that allows from Select the to the containing the where the and OK the containing with
whether to the or them. Click to the If of the locked, appears or to them. Click the to selected from appears to that to these selected from Chapter A5 and publishing You of such as the spreadsheets, selection them to The the selection with the and actually the Click the Info to of selected and what information from the as the section from from the where You the to and downloaded the directly If to If OLE2 or TWAIN, and the from the You this clicking the with the right when or clicking the while the pressed. The Info when selected. and when as as the with
that to the the top of You the this as would the connected to the the The and the top of the the the the switch. the from Chapter A5 from and the connected to the this appears. The allows to the the the connected to when the and the EPSON clicking the of inactivity. action with the The shut-off when the cover to the back The this and the the updated whenever the or count with
information using the Click the to the Click the to the Chapter A5 Selecting the the arrow the to the following Selecting the the EPSON Photo!2 software The and through the connected to the the switch. from of the accordingly. information the You switch freely these and that the Selecting the the to or from This something of the that the slowly. the section using the You the arrow the to the following the Forced with
the amount of specified the You or the the the seconds to the EPSON The the Chapter A5 the To the the Stop shots. Click the the the or another the facing the the to the the The and the the light flashing and To from the light the flashes the and another Seconds Clicking the Stop preview. Click the the the to off the and You off the when using then off the the of of the optional AC recommended. information about the AC To the the To the the with
clicking the You the and establish You and with the and information appears the Chapter A5 the the appears. and to other The allows to such as the and the the of the and its to the EPSON Photo!2 information this to The the displays If there with the the the of the to the and from If the and the the and that both and to If the with
which EPSON with the selects the If the selected, EPSON with the and reports the The option allows to the the EPSON the Chapter A5 the to which connected the and properly that the connected correctly, as the and the enough You the internal and with the You the Shut-off The ID the and and these the shut-off clicking the arrow allows to the internal The choices and the choices and Click the to the and the Click the to information This information appears the the and its to the The option allows to the selected, EPSON Photo!2 selects the that connected to the If the EPSON Photo!2 the and reports the that connected to the the COM3 and COM4. the choices The choices COM1, COM2, and with
Click OK EPSON the and to and the arrows to the and the Copy From to A5 below. The clock to the to the and recorded, to instructions the clock using the or the the clock using the LCD LCD from the to exactly automatically. the the and of when each the clock connecting the to Click the arrow power-saving the Shut-off to the You off the than seconds You this from to connected to You shut-off when the this shut-off the and and this Click the The and below appears. The the Follow these to the clock from when EPSON Photo!2 and the About The appears the introductory If to the that to the when connected to type the ID the ID with
Working with LCD Chapter A5 selected and of and option the LCD the LCD where This chapter including: the LCD Proof Sign-off: Chapter of the this chapter from the The and Information The LCD features that allow to SELECT, BACK, and buttons as of and option You this chapter, and each selected from the and to from the the with LCD the the Information the the SELECT BACK buttons the the the the Option the LCD
This allows to the currently photo. Chapter A5 switching photo or You choose to Normal and ON and OFF whether or to displayed the LCD switching photo information You choose Following the LCD Information You the following Option LCD shooting clock following information the LCD the choose of the country, English, or Spanish This allows to and with optional This back the automatically. one-by-one memory information memory This allows to the following: the LCD
the LCD and the the internal clock, the the shooting the The allows to Chapter A5 the The this the SELECT appear the the switch to Playback then top of the LCD with the currently selected displayed the Follow these to the LCD Follow the instructions below the to month, and the (hour and Follow these to the You the from the LCD the clock the following instructions the each BACK To the LCD the the and the to this to to the to the other The the currently selected and Press the Press the SELECT the item to selected. The selected item red. Press SELECT to the clock each appear the With the selected, the SELECT highlighted with the clock the LCD
Press the BACK to and to the To the brightness of the LCD follow the below: Chapter A5 LCD brightness to increase the or the to the the item to correct. Press the or BACK to to the and the and correctly and Press the SELECT highlighted then the SELECT The the Press thebutton the each appear the With the selected, the SELECT highlighted with the clock batteries. this the clock You to the and whenever the directly rather than through the instructions. To the or off, follow these the Press the SELECT or BACK to and to the and to the brightness. the the the to the then the SELECT to ON or OFF The selection highlighted. Press the button. each appear the With the selected, the SELECT highlighted with the clock the LCD
The highlighted. To the the SELECT Then the BACK to This when the LCD this choosing ON allows to information the the of and the of A5 to shoot Follow these to the the each appear the With the selected, the SELECT highlighted with the clock the shooting Press SELECT to and Normal and This allows to switch BACK to and this the with the currently selected "thumbnail" of the appear If switch to white. the Press the BACK to and to the or seconds as the shooting The highlighted. Then the SELECT to Press the the selection highlighted. buttons to the white selection group, the previous or of to and back through the the reaches the first or of the displayed. and Press the On this choose whether or allows to information the and that to information the the photo the LCD Choosing ON this and the of the Information the LCD
the This allows to the currently the LCD the to displayed and locked. instructions locking and Then the as and the SELECT appears that the Press SELECT to the or BACK to the and to the If to photo, that the photo appears the Press of the buttons to the right of the LCD to the then the and the as the LCD A5 the You the to lock, or and to information the internal and CompactFlash memory. This allows to memory and the and the Access the LCD and the as then follow the instructions below the to This to from Select or Select to or to from the memory. Follow the below the to to the them. instructions.
Press the SELECT to the and the without the to the BACK to to the with the option highlighted SELECT The appear With the selected, the Chapter A5 Press the SELECT to the then to choose Select or the the with the option highlighted SELECT The appear With the selected, the Select Press the SELECT to the then to choose or the Press the SELECT appears to to the without to the the BACK to that to Press the SELECT to the and the to around the If to other Press the SELECT appears them, then the SELECT to them. or the the the the to to or back through the or Press the SELECT then the appears the appears the the If there SELECT Press the to the from the cant the as If photo, the and selected the to the BACK appears to To the selection of photo, the SELECT the LCD
appears the originally. If to or other to of the or Press the SELECT them, then the SELECT or the the selected the to or the BACK button. appears to A5 the Unlock Follow the selected from the or the the from the To The allows from You and below each Press the SELECT to or the to to the without locking and to the BACK or the the with the option highlighted SELECT The appear With the selected, the to the option, then to choose Select the SELECT to the or Then the Press the the with the option highlighted SELECT The features appear With the selected, the Select to choose to the option, then the SELECT to the or Then the Press the to or back through the the the to or or Press the SELECT then the appears the the LCD
With the selected, the SELECT and the of that Memory Info highlighted. Press the SELECT Information internal and memory appears, including the the of and the memory of Then the memory This allows to information both internal memory and optional CompactFlash memory cards. memory information Chapter A5 to that to the Press the SELECT appears and to the Press the BACK to to the the Press the SELECT to the without locking the Copying the with the option highlighted SELECT The appear With the selected, the Press the SELECT to the highlighted to or then the choose Unlock Press the Unlock the memory the Copy With the selected, the SELECT Then the highlighted the internal memory and the Copy to optional CompactFlash memory the memory Follow these to that to the the Press the SELECT to the Press the SELECT appears and to the the BACK to to the without the the LCD
memory the the including locked this to optional CompactFlash memory cards. Follow these Chapter A5 memory Press the SELECT to the Copy then to Card or Card as the or the the the to to or back through the or Press the SELECT then the appears the the memory the the the or the LCD EPSON CompactFlash Cards already when them. You to only to instructs to With the selected, the SELECT button. Then the Format Card highlighted. around the photo. If to to Press the SELECT appears them and the SELECT each or the the If than the or appears. SELECT The To the selection of photo, the to the without formatting Press the SELECT appears that the and to the and to the to the Press the SELECT the BACK to the Press the SELECT to the and the without copying the to the BACK to to selected the to the BACK appears to selections. the LCD
This allows to or optional with already appear which to from memory Access the LCD and the Option the with command, as The of or from Chapter A5 the Option Select this as then the SELECT The LCD back the one-at-a-time This allows to back the one-by-one. the To optional the SELECT optional to Press the SELECT to the to the or then the To or back through the manually, To the and count appear the the SELECT The or of the the To the and to the BACK button. the command to from CompactFlash memory to or to optional from Follow these You optional to from instructions. the LCD
BACK to to the Option without and to the Option the Press the SELECT to or the or the the Chapter A5 or to CompactFlash Card, then If there the internal memory, the to the from the If the memory when optional the properly. highlighted. Press BACK to to the Playback LCD the country, With this the choose English, to information the highlighted. To the SELECT the or Spanish. The or Press the SELECT then the to or With the Option selected, the SELECT to or then the the memory If selected of the the SELECT appears to to choose the to then that to the or appears. the Press the SELECT button. If selected the the appears to that to the the LCD
Sign-off: the EPSON PC with that allow to and optional from to This chapter including: to the optional the A5 Chapter to the The EPSON software included the CD-ROM that with allows to JPEG or BMP to EPSON and it to or to memory You this software to and of everything displayed the this to of the that to the or to memory You or EPSON from their to whichever of these three
EPSON The EPSON appears with the To displayed. A5 To EPSON to software. If these following the instructions with the EPSON from PC Follow these to to from or NT or the connected to the turned EPSON and that both the and the and the LCD turned off. the EPSON To from to Select type from the From the the containing the to the
each the Selected from the Chapter A5 The selected appear the Selected the selection, the to selected they uploaded. If to or the to the from the Selected Select the to the the the once, the Then the If to If to rearrange the the to rearrange, then the or Sort arrows. If to of the the Click then the The selected displayed to the right of OK where to the Click the to the the process, EPSON to EPSON with the specified. the
Follow these to to from Macintosh: the connected to the turned EPSON and that both the and the and the LCD turned off. from Chapter A5 Click the EPSON with the displayed. The to appear the selection If to selected and its the checkbox. EPSON Double-click the The EPSON appears. Click the The appears. Click the the to to the to or the Compact Memory Card to then OK The to the selected. Select Click the to the or clicking the thumbnails the selection to If the the EPSON the to the specified. the
each the Selected from the Chapter A5 Click the The Select to and the Select to then each appears. Double-click the containing the appear the Selected the they the Select The selected selecting to uploaded. the process, EPSON to EPSON with the specified. If to from this the and the the
or If to to that of with the to the as the from within the EPSON function. Chapter A5 If to of the the Click then the The selected to the right of where to the Click OK to the the the connected to the turned EPSON and that both the and the and the LCD turned off. Follow these to users Click the EPSON with the displayed. The to appear the selection Select Click the to the or clicking the thumbnails the selection If to selected and its the checkbox. EPSON The EPSON appears. If clicked the to checkbox the EPSON the to the selected. Click the The appears. Click the then OK The to the to or the Memory Card to the to memory to the selected. the
using the Click the ALT CTRL or SHIFT checkbox, then from the The the F5 Specify the to Click to the the the the to The Pressing the the A5 Click the The appears. You as as each to and and the to then the selected. finished and the Stop the The selected created automatically. From the the where to the If to the New the To located to the EPSON the
EPSON The EPSON the EPSON Photo!2 and the appears. and the to then SHIFT+COMMAND+3 and the A5 If to to the right the To The appear the Follow the from to the finished shots, EPSON to active, then follow the instructions from To to the the You as as this software, then EPSON the EPSON to the to instructions The instructions below of computers, the shots. the connected to the turned EPSON and that both the and the and the LCD turned off. Follow these to of the
the connected to the that EPSON and that both the and turned and the LCD off. Follow these to optional to the Chapter A5 EPSON software, EPSON automatically. to to optional from The EPSON Photo!2 allows PC or to Uploading to the memory, the to or to CompactFlash Card, then the If there the from the If the memory when optional the properly. CompactFlash memory cards. instructions. You optional from of internal optional the memory the EPSON EPSON Click or the or The EPSON appears. and this appears. the and If the connected to the the turned If necessary, the the
Click the to the that the to Select the to from the Applications Click the EPSON the selected the finished, the appear the Applications the instructions the Follow these to optional from the You the Option the LCD instructions. the to the and that both the and turned that EPSON Photo!2 and the LCD turned off. the A5 Chapter Click or the EPSON the EPSON or The EPSON Photo!2 appears. If the connected to the appears instead of the the and the turned If necessary, the and this Click the to the Applications Click the appears. Click OK The selected from the and from the Applications
CompactFlash Memory Cards Chapter A5 CompactFlash Cards directly from The optional AC of Optional CompactFlash capacity. If the optional PCMCIA when and to This chapter Cards allows to increase the of options that the the following: Sign-off: Chapter approximately increase the as the following optional 4MB (B808311) You which to with 4MB of internal memory, or or 15MB (B808301) CompactFlash Card: CompactFlash 15MB Card CompactFlash Card 4MB Memory 4MB the optional PCMCIA optional CompactFlash Cards the AC
the cover around the Chapter A5 memory directly from PCMCIA memory Also, with II the optional PCMCIA (B867041). EPSON of EPSON CompactFlash Cards only. Other memory incompatible with the EPSON the the back of the cover with the memory as shown below. the the the memory as shown below. Follow these to memory the the and the switch turned off. CompactFlash Card the cover to when optional CompactFlash Cards. Press the cover the memory that the memory completely sealed. arrow
the the of the to the memory Chapter A5 hand. the memory appears the internal memory. The of memory the memory rather than the the or the while the memory the the and when the To to the the the while the the or using or the sunlight, or that become or To this with II PCMCIA memory CompactFlash Cards directly from The optional PCMCIA allows to the optional PCMCIA the and the switch turned off. Follow these to memory from the CompactFlash Card the cover.
users the PC software to CompactFlash Cards. information. Follow these to the optional the memory the optional the as shown below. the II PCMCIA A5 Chapter the the memory from the AC The AC (B86703 allows to to This when and operating the from The the charge the locations the AC with AC The the (B86703 the which country. Warning: the AC of other fire, shock, or injury. the AC and the other than If the AC To or the
the the DC the Chapter A5 or the AC Then follow To or the finished and turned off these If AC AC the the AC the and the AC outlet where the easily options French-speaking users: the AC the cover located the of the switches or as or other that timers. Also, outlets the cover
The connected to the the with the L. only with of the and If to the the or Chapter A5 This earthed. to rating and that the to the supply Warning: United information The the to this coloured with the following IMPORTANT: the of the of this match coloured to the please as follows: If to and Earth the which with the or The and connected to the the Earth The connected to the the with the N.
Sign-off: Chapter and Troubleshooting easy to of, and easy to the following section cleaning the to the section the only the basic procedures the to the Instructions the Introduction. Then follow these the and subjecting to or If the or otherwise the following the permanently The and and Troubleshooting A5 Chapter If the while the to the its memory. Cleaning the clean, cloth to the free of or cleaners. To the first off or Then breathe the and off with cloth or cleaning To scratching the to too If necessary, the with cloth. the the off and its when
If the AC The off automatically. and the cover to the back correctly. the necessary, following the and they the instructions Chapter A5 the of location. This the and them from or the the following locations: to sunlight, The connected to connected, of the the instructions from The flash recharging. the light the and You with the Where exposed to or Near of bright light or high Near heat or of or To the LCD to To to and The memory the counter the using the LCD or the to and then them. the cover the The when the cover this of and The and Troubleshooting
optional CompactFlash Card allows to without currently the The the to or Forced Flash. information the flash. the and they correctly. the necessary, following the instructions Nothing appears the LCD the It when the cover the and they correctly. the necessary, following the instructions Nothing appears the LCD Playback the and they correctly. the necessary, following the instructions and Troubleshooting A5 Chapter The the LCD too or the the of the LCD necessary, following the instructions The EPSON Photo!2 appears instead of the when the to and EPSON the connected correctly, as the turned and the enough the the of EPSON software. You to the and to the to which connected properly and that the I/O and the (IRQ) assigned to the with other If and the with another turned off.
with countries the NTSC only countries conforming to the PAL with NTSC televisions, and purchased broadcasting purchased with PAL televisions. the switched to the the enough Chapter A5 the turned and the enough the connected correctly, as EPSON with the to the appears when LCD If indicating that to or the follow the instructions. You with the when optional CompactFlash Card the the of the and to EPSON Photo!2 software. You to or with to the photo while the and communicating. the and communicating, the to another using the memory the counter the If the LCD or the to and then them. the LCD switched to the the connected correctly, as Nothing appears the TV when the connected to and Troubleshooting
to the steady while the to too (underexposed). the Chapter A5 to of the If with the from photography the to below and them try. If to photo, the to lighting to its when this You to the flash. the to or Forced Flash, following the instructions to the brightness and If the flash, within the of to You to to the this or EPSON If the than when them to quality. the or when them within the with the flash. You as without the flash, and to to You should least to as or of and Troubleshooting
lighting the slightly distorted. You image-editing software to the If the subjected to strong shock or the and The right. A5 If facing bright light to shoot from bright. the to If the forced too image-editing to the and too light (overexposed). or dusty. cleaning following the instructions to straight through the to the LCD rather than the to as as they The the from what the caused photographing that of light the with clothing, or other or appears of slightly than the that the through the the photo. The and/or displayed Whenever the to the clock. to the LCD to the clock, or to the clock from and Troubleshooting
Sign-off: Chapter the Direct The Direct software and which allow to directly from EPSON The software includes the following features: Color, and and This chapter to directly from including: to the Direct Connecting to the the Direct LCD and Printed the Direct A5 Chapter to the Direct You the following items to the Direct EPSON EPSON Apple Peripheral-8 the optional AC (B86703 to that the while directly from to the Direct software to instructions to to the
Connecting to the Follow these to the to the EPSON that both the and the turned off. of the interface to the the back of the the Apple Peripheral-8 the PC or that with the the Direct A5 Chapter the the of the the type of the arrow or the of the with the the Then the to the correctly the the cover arrow
of its to the and it The of country. Chapter A5 this You of the below. Quality S041061 S041026 S041054 S041062 EPSON Quality EPSON Quality (A4) EPSON Quality Card (A6) S041126 S041124 S041134 EPSON Quality EPSON Quality (A4) EPSON this photo Quality S041071 S041107 S041072 S041144 EPSON Quality EPSON Quality (A4) EPSON Quality (A6) EPSON (A6) to high Quality the Direct
the Direct Once the Direct software to follow the instructions this section to the software and Accessing the Direct the switch to Press the SELECT the back of the appear the top of the LCD with the currently selected highlighted Press the or the Option highlighted, then the SELECT Press the or Direct highlighted. Then the SELECT to the Direct To the instructions the section the to the Direct A5 Chapter The Direct features the following The allows to each this the and type, of and whether to the and that the instructions with this to to three A4 or or to A6 The options this allow to the and type, and whether to the and that the instructions with this The allows to A4, or A6 sheets consisting of thumbnail of the this the and type, and whether to the that the instructions with this
The allows to EPSON This of the each instructions with this To the Direct as then follow the instructions below the to Follow these to using the Access the Direct as then the or to highlight Press the SELECT of the first appear with the currently selected Press the or the to To of selected the photo to the of the LCD To to the the the Direct A5 selecting the SELECT The options and appear the To the or to the option to change, then the SELECT The that option appear the Press the or to then the SELECT The options the type of selected. A4 and the to the as then the and the and type of selected. instructions, ready to the or to Press the SELECT The the to the
While the the LCD and the the top of the the to To the BACK about three seconds. that appears the LCD seconds, then the to the Direct The and the finished, the LCD to the Direct the Direct the BACK Then the switch to OFF and off the Follow these to the Access the Direct as then the or to highlight Press the SELECT of the first appear with the currently selected the Direct A5 Press the or the first the to Then the SELECT To of selected the to the of the LCD To to the thumbnail the Press the or to the the to then the SELECT The options and appear the You to three A4 or or to A6 To the or to the option to change, then the SELECT The that option appear the Press the or to then the SELECT
the to the as then turn the and the and type of selected. If to appears the of the options to least that sheets. instructions, ready to the or to Press the SELECT The the to the While the the LCD and the the top of the the to To the BACK about three seconds. that appears the LCD seconds, then the to the Direct The and the finished, the LCD thumbnail of the the Direct A5 Chapter To of follow these instructions from To the Direct the BACK Then the switch to OFF and off the Follow these to using the Access the Direct as then the or to highlight Press the SELECT of the first appear with the currently selected Press the or the first the to Then the SELECT To of selected the photo to the of the LCD To to the thumbnail the Press the or to the the to then the SELECT The options and appear the
To the or to the option to then the SELECT The that option appear the Press the or to then the SELECT the to the as then the and the and type of selected. If to appears the of the options to least that instructions, ready to the or to Press the SELECT The the to the While the the LCD and the the top of the the to the Direct A5 Chapter To the BACK about three seconds. that appears the LCD seconds, then the to the Direct The and the finished, the LCD to the Direct the Direct the BACK Then the switch to OFF and off the Follow these to the Access the Direct as then the or to highlight Press the SELECT of the first appear with the currently selected Press the or or the to
To of selected the to the of the LCD To to the thumbnail the selecting the SELECT The option appears the the to the as then the and EPSON the instructions that with the PhotoStickers. ready to the SELECT The the to the While the the LCD and the the top of the the to To the BACK about three seconds. that appears the LCD seconds, then the to the Direct The and the the Direct A5 Chapter finished, the LCD to the Direct the Direct the BACK Then the switch to OFF and off the
A5 appear the LCD and of these with the Direct of the following LCD and because the to from the as and information about to of the E55: the the through another interface. The from the Direct automatically. Explanation E51: Another interface active The connected to the to EPSON then the SELECT to (If to EPSON the BACK the to the Battery optional AC Explanation LCD BACK Print: SELECT Battery AC the BACK to the and then the to E56: to to information about Clear the then of from the than seconds while The and This appears when the BACK the Canceled or the Direct
A5 A6 Printed A6/Photo A6: A6/Photo the Direct
A5 Specifications Sign-off: F2.8 to to 4MB memory) memory AF with LCD 2-inch LCD LCD inch CCD CCD Product type to to infinity to ISO F2.8, F5.6, F11 JPEG type Recorded Specifications
complexity of each the the The of the the shown when optional the internal memory. A5 to off to with mechanical and forced TTL white White LCD LCD off seconds seconds LCD photo (seconds) flash forced flash, flash off to seconds Functional or interface PC, higher and EPSON interface NTSC (NTSC PAL (PAL Interface Specifications
Optional CompactFlash Card A5 4MB CompactFlash Card (B808311) 4MB capacity Physical rechargeable or rechargeable AA Optional AC (B86703 (LR6), single-use lithium (FR6), Sources Battery life* 15MB CompactFlash Card (B808301). Height 15MB Physical Approximately Approximately Approximately AA (LR6) Battery the type and LCD LCD off Physical Height Non-operating: to to (non-condensing) Non-operating: to C to C (without Height Specifications
Optional PCMCIA Interface PCMCIA PC Card ATA Card type II Physical Height Optional AC EU-18 DC 7V 2.0A AC 110/120V, Physical including Specifications EU-19 DC7V/2.0A AC 120V, Physical Height including EU-20 DC7V/2.0A AC 127/220/230/240V, Physical Height A5
United and the of Ireland A5 Contacting Customer this services the using the troubleshooting information If operating properly and Sign-off: customers the of Ireland, please the when the UK telephone should as the following the Customer from the of Ireland. If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, (UK) of services and technical to the following information: (The the of the of (Click the About software.) software Brand and of Software normally with and their numbers: or Contacting Customer
of to Downloading software to membership required. that ANSI and You the EPSON Service that with include and the software and information. Service and A5 Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty Customer the following services: Customer the EPSON products, software and to information If to the and browser, World phone first to the Service, and (which yourself). World The Customer the UK or from the of Ireland. and the EPSON products EPSON Service EPSON EPSON and the found the that the ID numbers. The to automatically. and once To EPSON, touch-tone telephone and numbers, EPSON You to follow to of the to information including troubleshooting switch and information Contacting Customer
and EPSON hours and of the services below. You helpful specifications, DIP switch or A5 services World the location or the through of authorized EPSON Customer EPSON and service If purchased the United States or following services: United States If FTP ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and (or other software FTP downloading) to as the From the reach EPSON FTP Technical information installation, and of EPSON products The location of Authorized EPSON or Customer Fax-on-Demand to technical information and products Customer relations. option. You You technical information or and selecting the to Fax-on-Demand. software to parity. to You the EPSON Download Service BBS EPSON Fax-on-Demand Service EPSON Download Service products hours EPSON Sound to commonly about EPSON If software with EPSON the that technical information. EPSON (U.S. only). You purchase or from please Contacting Customer
the You Access the World Worth the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON URL A5 of CompuServe type GO EPSON the introductory CompuServe membership, which and to reach CompuServes America of EPSON To of this offer the U.S. or to introductory credit and ID and EPSON CompuServe EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of The should the first Dont that often and and easily as as the They to EPSON EPSON products offered There software and and the EPSON FAXBACK the and through of choices technical information including of the the information to EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as this the following information: Australian EPSON FAXBACK Access to the charge to purchasers of products the first months of that life. that and charges to telephone account. The charge rates specified when the chargeable You to charges incurred. the BBS to the If This where the software and EPSON Contacting Customer
board (BBS) to information and the of software. You to the following the BBS service: BBS: A5 hand when The information the operating and includes the EPSON type of to the information the This information other information required. months first months The You technical the following telephone and numbers: Technical services, users to EPSON To technical as as other Limited. Office the telephone and To technical as as other services, users to the EPSON below: BBS: both Chinese and English the to users EPSON established with the following information: to of EPSON software Product information Contacting Customer World
A5 the telephone and below: Contacting Customer
JPEG and than TIFF and other A5 JPEG software that such as or Sign-off: and graphics. to and information Windows-based applications. PCX PICT OLE or that when the turned or initialized. of second) and BMP type of interface that input such as or to directly from Short of of counted of of thumbnails TWAIN that the through of the then releasing the to the holding the the and the location. interface The the and the