incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized repairs, Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. and Photoshop of Incorporated. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Apple and of Apple Computer, Inc. EPSON of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights SD
through the the as with both easily what the With what shooting, The with with what what shooting with. The offers the of with the features of to high-quality photographs and shooting Introduction The RAW which the software. that photographic them film-based or reflects this philosophy. If already with photography, to with the R-D1s. If to this type of the of time-tested such Parallax-corrected bright-line within the Traditional to to to the following while this and Notes The with EM mount, which The and film-based when with R-D1s, which to with R-D1s, further its shooting years to With of to choose from, both and This of with of M-type originally introduced film-based Relatively and shock-free operations as to (SLR) and clear of of Notes information and the of Introduction
Started Chapter Battery charger these items: CD-ROM Reference cover Strap Battery Started
from this to the field the of the and Functions from this displayed the light to bright-line the Bright-line Used to the flashs to the flash.) to or Used to the (SeeMounting and release the Started
each Cocking the Used to cock the charge Switches the or off. Turning the On and switch Top the of the and selected to recover from the Releases the If (without releasing the the release (when pulled the and ISO speed/ISO AE and ISO the the from the AE release the number of shots, and the white displayed the LCD Scrolls through the items and and and the Used to mount optional such as or the or to them.) Accessory Selects bright-line or Selecting the Length Started
Used to and to the the the when using the (AE-lock) Lights when the memory Flashes when there or Memory light White and Used when or white Quality quality/WB SD memory of to GB capacity. Memory Card Memory Protects the memory and memory Memory cover the attached the Effective Length Started
the the LCD when the playback (MENU) Switches the shooting and the playback (LCD) LCD the selected item or when the playback and (ENTER) the preassigned function from the following: Print, and (USER) to the previous without (CANCEL) Indicates the of to The to E there memory or when The of The of to and with the of the memory used. Indicates the white White White Indicates the Quality RAW/RAW+JPEG (High) JPEG (High) the The indicated the Indicates the battery from (Empty) to JPEG (Normal) Started
the through the Attaching the Strap to the the protective and from the these to the other of the to the other of the the protective and the to of the Protective the lithium-ion (EU-85). other or of the Battery The with lithium-ion EU to It hours to charge charge the the first or or battery. Charging the Battery the of the through the the protective and the Started
first. The light the charger lights to the the the with the charged. the to the then the light off, the the from the Disconnect the charger from the Started
there or the memory If The SD memory of to GB capacity. dirty, to from or write to the You memory the Memory Card the switch the then the cover. the Battery the the memory cover closed when or the memory This protects the memory and the from and shock; otherwise the memory or or memory while the memory light This the to or or the memory the the as as the of the correct. DUMMY to the included with the to correctly. Static shock to the memory the to malfunction. DUMMY If the memory already with or another to the If this the using this instructions, Formatting the Memory Card You the amount of the the the cover clicks. Started
the memory light off, then the memory cover. the Memory Card that the memory locked. the write switch to the Memory Card the memory clicks, then release The memory DUMMY that the memory light off, then the memory cover. the memory the the clicks. switch DUMMY DUMMY the and the memory cover. If the memory ejected, the memory cover. Started
the the with the the release Mounting M-mount (M-mount) You L-type screw mount The of M-type mount attaching third-party Mounting and Removing the of the These they the that than the of the known to incompatible with the to physical Incompatible the the then the clockwise clicks. of the F3.5 with the as as the the such as the F2.5 or the these of Summicron Summicron) F2.8 (earliest F3.4 F4 F8 These effectively the that from the this Started
the to the then the the as would M-mount to the optional the the as M-mount Mounting and Press the release and the counterclockwise. M-mount to what the selected bright-line Turn the covered the The correction allows to or to match the the bright-line that the of You to the of the mounted to of the used. Selecting the the straight Started
than the covered This effectively increases the The CCD this APS-C about of the attached to the length. the Effective The the of the shows of the attached to the with this the effective would DUMMY Started
each the charge as as to the right to cook the The charge the ready when shooting of Cocking the Turn off Turn Turning the On and DUMMY the the first to the (month, and year) and (hours and the LCD Once these the records the and each off the while the memory light This the to or or the memory instructions, the and
The selected indicated the Automatically automatically, or the to the The white the of light. You the white to type. White without the light light and the quality/WB the WB of the as it and the the which the the of memory the to to the Quality Release the quality/WB the to the white RAW or JPEG To or with they RAW and information, RAW to the software the CD-ROM that of RAW Computer Format
shooting without amplifies caught which with light. ISO increased, light to which This helpful The ISO the to appearance. ISO JPEG that and than those RAW They JPEG further its JPEG without software. JPEG and high enough of when compressed, and To ISO and the outer of the to or and the quality/WB the the as follows: the to the the Format MB RAW+JPEG selected the RAW information. MB* RAW MB JPEG (Normal) MB JPEG (High) Release the quality/WB
the to AE Follow these With that sufficiently You the or manually. exposed. the This when to the of field or to the the selected effects, or when to point-and-shoot the (AE) to snapshots. the Automatically If necessary, the to the Releasing the the to the Press the release and manually. apply within the the notch EV) to overexpose of EV to EV EV You increase bright background. too bright The AE sufficiently of the the background, would the EV to the
information, the included with flash. the to the the You the from to or To the the to the the Manually information, the included with the Light To the than If the of recommended. brighter or with higher ISO higher recommended. than second, displayed the The the of through higher than second, displayed the the release to the the amount of light through the (TTL). Press The built-in light that the red) the of the then the as light The of the second. the You optional when shooting to when flash. With this the as as the The shooting or release depressed.
from of to they AE-lock This when You the the using the the of the (AE-lock) selected, the and the flashes. With To the to the when the AE and the AE-lock The the released. to match the which You the and/or the the displayed the the reading and Lights Flashes the flashes to that AE selected, the If using With Lights or flashes
ready to shoot, the release You should hear clacking sound that the release. Releasing the The of which allows to both when focusing Focusing DUMMY focusing, the of the the the of the bright-line To the focusing the If NR Reduction) to (High) the and off the the memory light off. the or the than seconds, reduction or the memory If tree or tower), the as straight to the This
and Chapter DUMMY the back the using the notch the the LCD the while the or the the Gently the clockwise the LCD outward. DUMMY Notch DUMMY and
LCD The and displays the recorded Press the the to the clockwise or counterclockwise to the to The displayed the of the LCD the following or operations. If of the following while the playback the LCD turned off and the to shooting Indicates the option rotating the clockwise or counterclockwise. rotating the Displayed Indicates the the Indicates the vertically rotating the Displayed only the Press the release (LCD) Press the the LCD Indicates the previous or rotating the and
the to the then to the of information about the Follow these to photo information: the LCD Information rotating the Displayed Indicates or the the (battery) appears the the the Indicates (thumbnails of four (CANCEL) active. Appears when the (ENTER) active. Appears when the Indicates The following of information information information histogram Highlight the when the the the the the (lower) the (ENTER) to the and Press the and
and flashes highlight areas. Highlight Indicates this Information of DPOF the to the of and highlight the and this and
Follow these to displayed the LCD to the LCD Information ENTER the top the then the The of the Select MENU Press the the following information: ENTER to switch the from to or The To of the the or the of the indicated the and the the to or reduce the If the of the displayed. If the the AE AE and the used) displayed. and CANCEL once To to the the or ISO White and
playback the currently displayed or the the memory This allows to the with three-second the LCD ENTER the then the Select the LCD MENU Press the the then the ENTER Select MENU Press the ENTER You the Select or the then the the clockwise to the from the the counterclockwise to the from the back to the The displayed the of the recorded. The displayed the of the Select the which the to displayed: If to rotating the the section, You that ENTER To To the the ENTER the CANCEL To to the the If the memory locked, the The SD write-protected displayed. the from the then the and and
the top right the locked, the of the Select or Unlock the then the ENTER the OK the then This operation ENTER the third-party recovery software, Format to the securely the memory that recovered from the This securely the from the memory To instructions, Formatting the Memory Card If to rotating the If the If memory that the the including locked this to from This allows to specify the of the to from or that Format (DPOF). This RAW Selecting to Printed (DPOF ENTER the then the You the Select read-only and the LCD MENU Press the the LCD MENU Press the and
using the then the ENTER button. Select DPOF DPOF the displayed or the the then ENTER the Specify the of using the then the ENTER DPOF To the DPOF To another the the and
the the pressing the Selects whether to or (MENU) Items MENU to the the LCD then LCD Press Accessing the the to their as shown below. the and Format or Format Formatting the memory You the Memory Card (Format SD Card) ENTER using the then the to the Select YYYY/MM/DD LCD Brightness On the and Select the the then the ENTER The selected displayed. ENTER If the the or the item the then ENTER the the English USER
year month hours and the and and that appears with The shooting become shooting Reduction) Selects from the following: YYYY/MM/DD MM/DD/YYYY DD/MM/YYYY Format the which the LCD Press to the Selects the of the The turned off to reduce or the and and the that with CMYK Select RGB RGB RGB than Selects the from or that the recorded when shooting RAW You RAW only, or both RAW and JPEG (high postprocessing, increase while the RAW of the JPEG RAW+JPEG the and memory (RAW of when the memory (as of the On whether to with and the memory replaced. replaced. each or assign Edge Allows to switch to and NR Reduction). the shooting or and required. Selects the and following: English French Spanish Dutch (Traditional) -Chinese displayed the LCD from the The the country of purchase. brightness of the LCD shows the firmware LCD Brightness the
You assign of the following functions and (USER) assigned to this to the Assign USER the to and (white the of shots), (USER) function the The every months as necessary. Corrects non-functional they the LCD this the that corrected with this the Reduction Correction to the enough when using this You this function with this incorrectly calibrated. the near-empty battery. displayed the LCD or when release the You the the LCD the which each the playback and the LCD turned off of the following: Press the release (USER) Press the (MENU) Press the (LCD) Press the the Turn off the
RAW Chapter III or or recommended) Hardware: Microsoft Edition, Professional, XP Edition, XP Professional OS: MB or GB or recommended) Memory: To RAW to the software included the CD-ROM that with EPSON RAW Photoshop CS, CS2, and and EPSON that RAW the batch Software XGA or higher, or higher MB or MB or G4 or higher G5 recommended) Hardware: OS or OS: or higher, or higher recommended) MB or MB or operation MB or (1GB or recommended) Memory: RAW
The EPSON appears automatically. the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM EPSON RAW To the software, the Software EPSON If appear, the CD-ROM and then from the Then EPSETUP. EXE Double-click EPSON RAW the EPSON Follow the instructions the software that the or If appear, the CD-ROM and then from the Then EPSETUP. EXE Follow the on-screen instructions the software that the The EPSON appears automatically. the software CD-ROM CD-ROM EPSON RAW the Photoshop. If the Photoshop automatically, the manually. Uninstalling RAW and then EPSON Click to and If to of the following: Uninstalling If to the RAW follow the instructions below. Click to and and then EPSON RAW the EPSON the of Photoshop. Click to and EPSON and then Uninstall RAW
Photoshop and the RAW to process. The EPSON RAW displayed. to RAW to trying to and them. Working with them while they the memory RAW Click to (or and EPSON and then EPSON EPSON and the displayed. EPSON If the EPSON RAW EPSON RAW RAW from the and Format from the Then the RAW information about the software, the You RAW from More Information Click and to The displayed. EPSON RAW Photoshop. RAW Select the RAW then the
and Troubleshooting Chapter Pressing this the year to the without the backward. or (CANCEL) Pressing this the the and to the the previous (ENTER) the following to the and/or the MENU to the the LCD then LCD Press the and If the from the the and approximately and then ENTER the then the Select and Troubleshooting
through to the other ENTER Select the then ENTER Select the then The readings slightly from the If this follow the below to the the MENU to the the LCD then LCD Press another and the Format the memory when to the the or the memory with or Follow these Formatting the Memory Card MENU to the the LCD then LCD Press The formatting and the Formatting... displayed. Format SD Card using the then ENTER then Select Select Format or Format the then ENTER The displayed. ENTER Select OK the then Select the to using the then ENTER then ENTER the then Select If the memory locked, the The SD write-protected displayed. the from the then the and the memory the the including the the memory the to the Please ENTER repeatedly to the the Select or the then and Troubleshooting
the with or cloth. Doing the and quality. the blower the or the The or the released. blower that the memory from the while the formatted. Format securely the from the memory To securely flush the memory that recovered from the Format to the battery. If the and the and the cleaning, the Turn the to and the release. the memory from the the to the Instructions the Reference Clean thoroughly to Then follow these to the Cleaning the cleaning, the release and the Cock the then the or cover. Blow off the the hand blower. the the release. If necessary, the with cloth. clean, cloth to the free of to off the cleaning. cleaners. the or cover and the release. If appear the the there the CCD the To the CCD blower and release with Cleaning the CCD and Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting the and location. If to the of the its the following the the write-protect switch from the The memory write-protected. from the release and lock. The SD write-protected. release the write-protect switch from the from the the and The SD write-protected. function the then Unlock the the The locked. Direct sunlight or bright light or High High heat release the write-protect switch from the from the the and The SD write-protected. Other the Correction to the to the of the CCD completely white appear the LCD The too Charge the and The released and the memory light flashes. and Troubleshooting
Sources of information, and services from World If operating properly and below, the where If the using the troubleshooting information purchased Contacting Customer with the following the (FAQ), and Technical Information specifications, and information Product or Customer to them the following information: (Click About Info or the Product software software.) Product Product To technical as as other services, users to Limited. service and warranty and of the software normally with operating and Brand and of established both Chinese and English the to users with the following information: World to of Product information using the troubleshooting information Technical with that EPSON the and other to and the section of downloadables. and Troubleshooting
You technical the following telephone and numbers: Technical If with the where purchased and Troubleshooting
Specifications and type: Height: Width: EN55022 Class EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN55024 Lithium-ion Battery Memory SD memory to GB) interfaces: Depth: to 60C to (without Humidity: to 35C to EN55022 Class EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN55024 EN60950 Directive 73/23/EEC Battery Charger DCF DPOF type: JPEG: MB JPEG: MB RAW MB typical RAW, JPEG Recording Format EN55022 Class EN55024 EMC Directive 89/336/EEC
+/-2.0EV 1/3EV (AE only) (AE) with and ISO Supports PRINT III PRINT JPEG low-temperature LCD LCD Functions EM mount (M-type mount; screw mount with optional mount: type see-through (APS Primary-color CCD (flashing Bright-line bright switching, field (interlocking to infinity) Combined coincidence-type length: Lithium-ion Battery type: Capacity: EU-85 Supported shooting vertically Synchronous: or Flash: coverage: TTL center-weighted
The following option the Lithium-ion EU-85) Optional Accessory shooting to about shooting to about and repeating this while then turning the the off, of off turning ISO of of (JPEG: Shooting and WB with the CIPA of Shooting Battery charge and repeating this while using the which to with of Turning the and seconds the first turning off the and removing the the accessory ISO of of (JPEG: then and WB Shooting Charging VAC, A281H Battery Charger