information using EPSON 750Z, the Direct and optional products; from to troubleshooting. Sign-off: Where to Information COVER.FM R4C3700 A5 This when EPSON information EPSON Photo!2 information and instructions EPSON that 750Z. information EPSON software which using the and including EPSON EPSON EPSON the basics of and shows to the from 750Z and other EPSON products. this information the with information operations. this reference. (included the CD-ROM locations)
FRONT.FM R4C3700 A5 Proof Sign-off: COLOR DIGITAL CAMERA
Prof. J. H. AT SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION 3-chome, EPSON EUROPE B.V. The Representative: Address: Address: According to ISO/IEC and EN Declaration of Conformity Sign-off: or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information rights of this publication reproduced, contained Neither from the of the information IMPORTANT NOTICE Chap1.fm R4C3700 A5 EN AC EU-20) EN AC EU-20) Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): IEC IEC IEC EN Class Directive 89/336/EEC: EN January, Product that the Product: G730A Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its or incurred the purchaser or third as modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON to the purchaser of this or third of: or of this or unauthorized operating and instructions. products other than those as EPSON or from the of options or SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. photographing of copyrighted the of knowledgeable attorney, and photocopiers, the of the copyright photographing published NOTE CONCERNING RESPONSIBLE USE OF COPYRIGHTED MATERIALS of EPSON EUROPE B.V. H. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft of Apple Computer, Inc. of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. CompactFlash of Corporation. Corporation. Copyright1999 SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
INTRO.FM R4C3700 A5 and includes the following features. 750Z 750Z revolutionary, easy-to-use that The 750Z with everything including EPSON software that or them You then and to to with To EPSON Photo!2, EPSON 750Z software Sign-off: Introduction CCD to with HyPict) High with HyPict) to the and or to and brochures. with business or with right professional and with from 750Z. or MB memory that approximately or or HyPict or (the NTSC and PAL Functional A-3 LCD and back Introduction
EPSON software that allows to to EPSON and them to EPSON software that optional to the from Sign-off: lighting with that light to clarity the LCD and and Continuous shooting of to Chap1.fm R4C3700 A5 The following 750Z options from EPSON. with and or white or to EV, of off, and with forced flash, or and recording each (B81812 which includes the Battery Charger and Rechargeable AC (B86703 with outlet information, EPSON CompactFlash Cards PCMCIA (B867041) EPSON Photo!2 software that to shut-off to seconds) Introduction
INTRO.FM R4C3700 A5 To fire or shock, the or options to or where or To fire or the The the of the which country. United users of options Rechargeable (B81811 Sign-off: If the or option shows such as or and off the AC from the and the AC from the immediately. the and/or thunderstorm. To to the as EPSON Products or EPSON or from the of options or products other than those EPSON (UK) LTD Products EPSON (UK) LTD. Instructions the and/or the and servicing to service the following the type of indicated this or cords. the cover of the or options and To reduce the of shock, as instructed this Read these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the and the Introduction
the about. This the or other or others. or the too while around as serious injury. when the wearing around this the shoulder Sign-off: options or the the or options normally or The or the or options; the or performance. that the operating instructions. Chap1.fm R4C3700 A5 EU-23, EU-27, EU-28, or EU-38 to charge only the EPSON Battery the EPSON EU-24. the shoulder from instructions these products. and operating the and To short-circuit protection and building protected over-current protection the products, the If to the and options Germany, the following: this charger as they EPSON Rechargeable EU-24. to charge other of the Battery Charger with overheat, or charge four or the the LCD thoroughly with and If them immediately with and them If the the Introduction
INTRO.FM R4C3700 A5 through the or that fire charger as they or shock. or the location only. of the where the chargers AC to the type of indicated the supply directly from charge (non-rechargeable) batteries. Sign-off: or the charger to or with other type of EPSON The should EPSON as specified this the charger of reach of the or or them with the charger the four hours. such as or the charger immediately shows To short-circuiting, the of the batteries. If or immediately the affected thoroughly treatment with and treatment. If immediately. of shock the charger as they overheat, or servicing to service to service the charger yourself. the of 0C to from heat the 35C (2F to 95F). Introduction
to to to and Notes Sign-off: from the as and such as or which the from with the of batteries; this fire or Chap1.fm R4C3700 A5 Notes information and the of and options. or the or fire or outlets or other such as To fire or shock, that or wires or directly to battery. Introduction
CHAP1.FM R4C3700 A5 the shown below. Unpacking 750Z This chapter to 750Z and covers the following topics. Started Sign-off: Chapter shoulder the and Charging, and 750Z Attaching the included AC locations) location) charger type and location) CD-ROM and/or (rechargeable) EU-24 Started
backlight switch light Sign-off: light to learn about its features, as shown below. 750Z, CHAP1.FM R4C3700 A5 shoulder ESC Function LCD light switch flash SEL cover Started
CHAP1.FM R4C3700 A5 of white cover memory cover Sign-off: or shooting cover Top switch Started
their charging wear with repeated rechargable when operating becomes shorter. recharging. Sign-off: Charging the Though four AA (LR6) Charge rechargable them and money might otherwise included), the rechargeable rechargeable and the Battery 750Z with four the CHAP1.FM R4C3700 A5 the rechargeable to The Battery Charger charges instructions the charger and charging batteries, to the Follow these to batteries. the following when using these or To charge that to them or three If cover, the cover. them. If completely completely recharging of to recharge them they to charge to with which Started
CHAP1.FM R4C3700 A5 four to Warning: the the positioning the and as shown. Sign-off: the located the back of the or the charger to the as shown below. (If lights, light(s) that the the charger The both SIDE and SIDE lights red.) If charger cover, the cover firmly. (The charger cover acts as switch, to the cover completely.) Started
the off, and follow these to or the instructions the charger and the to the Sign-off: the the or the AC charge and then the about and to three hours, the lights off. To then If cover, while CHAP1.FM R4C3700 A5 Turn the with the facing the to the then the cover. cover lights to than the or and If the charger The charger lights to them with four of the lights the lights off, the To overcharging, the charger off. the the or the AC (approximately 65C). hour the cool them from the the Started
CHAP1.FM R4C3700 A5 four the positioning the and as shown below. Sign-off: appears the this flashing, the and recharge batteries, or the batteries. the cover and to the as shown the appears the LCD seconds, then the with the switch to or the off. the batteries, then the switch to On then to the If If with the turn the off. the and off Started
If or treatment. If immediately the affected thoroughly with and treatment immediately. to or Warning: the of the batteries. To short-circuiting, Sign-off: of this fire or Warning: from the as and batteries. CHAP1.FM R4C3700 A5 the such as or which the from with the batteries' or batteries. the or fire or to four the You them with of the following 750Z wear AA (LR6) AA (FR6) lithium AA recharging them If rechargeable them with four batteries. If that of them completely recharging. Battery the type and the Rechargeable AA Started
CHAP1.FM R4C3700 A5 with and the following Dutch of the with ordinary Instead, them as Government KCA the Netherlands users: KCA. with which the batteries' Also, or locations. Warning: If to the of the and them location. Sign-off: Instead, of them of with ordinary users: with of them completely. with to combustion or to securely cover the of each when of batteries. Warning: of reach of of government agency information with of to the about recycling and instructions and Started
attaching the shoulder the around the the of the shoulder Proof Sign-off: attaching the shoulder to the instructions the shoulder CHAP1.FM R4C3700 A5 Attaching the Straps Shoulder To the shoulder the around the the of the as shown below. Started
CHAP1.FM R4C3700 A5 Press the ESC SEL or or seconds. The appears. switch PAL to the displayed the LCD the first purchase, choose English, the country of or Spanish. the Sign-off: Press the SEL the highlighted. buttons ESC SEL Turn the switch the to to the appears the LCD Follow these to the To the Selecting the Press the ESC to selection. Next, the and as the following section. Started
to increase or the the correct. or Press the the month, and as the and correctly and Press the SEL The and the month highlighted. Sign-off: (hour and these the to the month, and and the the first records the and of each CHAP1.FM R4C3700 A5 the and If to the ESC the item to red. ready to with 750Z. Turn to Chapter instructions. the the SEL to the the to the and EPSON EPSON when the clock automatically. instructions connecting If the 750Z to and the and to that of the the EPSON Follow these to the clock the LCD that to the Turn the switch the to or clock appears the to to EPSON instructions, the EPSON and the To the to ESC If to the clock, the to clear the appears with the the highlighted Press the SEL The clock red. Started
CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 750Z. It includes information This section to with picture-taking and to and Ready 750Z to to using and shoot This chapter to with the and covers the following topics. Sign-off: Chapter The should least from the when through the picture-taking and of Checking the counter Activating the the The effective of to (the the flash to the the instructions the with from as as the from the the advanced
Sign-off: HyPict* the light. the manually bright light the beach or too You these with instructions, the to brighter or editing software. CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 HyPict HyPict and only HyPict Turning the HyPict On when the to To the Turn the switch to On or and the to The 750Z four and three following appear the from to another. The the HyPict* the the turned off, the the change.
CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 and white the and the These approximately to HyPict The approximately to and the These to and the These and the approximately to Sign-off: If of the to and white, appears around the when the the from and MONOCHROME appears the You switch freely these and accordingly. of the The and white and the These to and the These the approximately to HyPict and white These greater and the to
The built-in flash effective within of to The the to through the three The appear Turn the and the the A-2 the as shown below. Sign-off: the Press the SEL Three appear the top of the LCD button, then the SEL button. The Conditions using the Highlight the appears. Turn the switch the to Turning the HyPict CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 Forced off To the Conditions the ESC then the SEL button. HyPict or the Highlight the HyPict to On when this to The fires with every facing the Forced The fires whenever lighting
CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 Turn the switch to On and the light the to the steady when and the instead of the LCD when the the The flash when lighting this effects, or when photography prohibited. off the the recharged. Sign-off: To the back the or the switch to If buttons the seconds, the off to On then back The from the The the the when straight through the and the cross-hairs.
flashing and the Then release the the light the light Sign-off: the to the The light the from to If wish, off-center without the CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 Press the the of the to the photo. memory years, when the turned off and the You another and the the light flashing and the The flashing light that the the when the light
CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 and the of appear the indicating the of the LCD If buttons the to To the back the or the switch and back to seconds, the off the LCD allows to the whole of shooting, the right or features, or when shooting. the the LCD the LCD Sign-off: If the bright sunlight, the clarity of LCD and The backlight of the LCD off and the cover to sunlight the switch to the the Turn the switch to You the LCD the switch cover LCD
You another the light the LCD The recharging the the and the to this Sign-off: the to the appears the to If wish, off-center without the right of the LCD and the light the from CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 EPSON from to which properly connected. the EPSON Press the the of the to the photo. flashing and the Then release the the light the the the LCD finishes If the the LCD off and the light flashes the finishes and displays the the
CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 with the of appears To the switch to The the right of each of The the of the shows Checking the Counter of Sign-off: LCD Follow the wide-angle the below. 750Z to of such as and You the features of chosen. If this the of The of the Select pressing the the top of the LCD PANORAMA appears Press the located the of the the LCD Turn the switch the to Press the instructions the LCD the memory the the If to them, the to and the reads The light the back of the red, and to the You to or of the as the EPSON Photo!2
Press the located the of the LCD D-ZOOM appears the LCD Turn the switch the to Follow these to Sign-off: To the back If the seconds, the off to the the shooting function. CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 To the back the If buttons the seconds, the off to the to shooting Press the of the LCD The the right the switch If both of them, the and the There to the as as the features the creates the the and the the captured, allowing to of yourself. The appears the when the Follow the below. the switch
CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 to from the the Follow the below. when of and MACRO appears appears around the Press the the of the LCD the LCD Turn the switch the to with the the top of the The appears the Press the Press the The and the light the front of the seconds, then seconds the releases. Turn the switch the On or and the light the or Sign-off: too light, the the to the subject. this try turning the off. Press the The light the back of the flashes as the the the light flashing and The when the another of such as that business cards, the together, the to shooting these To shooting seconds the the shooting You the with the You to the each to the
using then the SEL The Highlight the appears. the buttons, then the SEL The Conditions appears indicating selected. or Select the Sign-off: The shooting when to motion and then choose from those the shooting of easy-to-see It to the To second, with to the shooting CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 the LCD Also, flashing arrow appears Cnt the appears around the To the the ESC and CONTINUOUS appears To continuously, the and Release the to or the the or shooting the the shooting the Follow the below. to and the SEL To the shooting follow Then the ESC To the when the shooting the On switch to Press the SEL the right of the LCD Three appear the top of the LCD then the SEL button. The Conditions the Highlight the appears. Turn the switch the to
CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 To the Function the of the LCD and the release the Function arrow appears Cnt the selecting of Follow to as the shooting the the and the You the with the shooting to the instructions, the the Sign-off: To the when the On shooting the switch to appears the LCD and the and Release the Function The of the seconds to and the the which that seconds allows to without memory. this photo, the 750Z the once. Follow the below. The shooting the the shooting HyPict To shooting follow to SEL then and the Then the ESC
then the SEL to The become the Highlight the or then the SEL The white the Highlight the white appears. Sign-off: white which white appear those the automatically. At that the to the white the Advanced the white CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 appears with to the white then the SEL The Conditions arrow appears WB the or Select the To the the ESC white to to increase tones white light, however, white to to tone Follow these to the white Press the SEL Three appear the top of the LCD then the SEL button. The Conditions the Highlight the appears. Turn the switch the to
CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 the or brightness of manually the to the of automatically. The to to the amount of light the when the the SEL WB appears the LCD then Select the Follow the below to own white Follow to the white the white Sign-off: You of white which to the The photo too and to increase the brightness. You to the to when: You to To with effects. white front of the that the whole LCD then the and the to the white You the beach or the or of with white background. You of with bright background, such as facing the and the SEL the appears to the white then the ESC
If the and selected, or SEL then the to the highlight the to the then the SEL The appears. Press the Sign-off: The too bright, and to increase the You of which to the You to the to when: CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 then the SEL button. The Select +0.0EV (the the EV appear the LCD On the the top of the the Press the ESC to the and its The appears. then the SEL The appears, indicating the selected or the the Press the SEL Three appear the top of the LCD You of with background. To the of manually, follow these Turn the switch the to While the Function the buttons to the and the then the SEL Highlight the
CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 which the The to automatically. while (useful sports). the to High when: the To the the the the and knowledge of photography to correctly when finished the off the buttons. Sign-off: the without (where prohibited). EPSON recommends to other as when to High the with flash. EPSON recommends of the the photography On Function the while holding the To the when the switch or and buttons, the The the memory when the turned off. Press the SEL Three appear the top of the LCD the then the SEL Highlight the Turn the switch the to
selected to then the the SEL Turn the switch to Follow the below to this Sign-off: Press the SEL using the SEL then the to and selected, highlight the If the or to the then the SEL The appears. Press the CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 Press the ESC to the Conditions selected, then the SEL the Conditions the to To the the appears indicating Med. or High selected as the button, then the SEL The Conditions or Select Med. or High the The ISO-H the Press the ESC to the the top of the the the top of the the off when background. This function the to the clarity of background or twilight, or with the
CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5 and with The included CD- ROM, with and information You of the following browsers, or to the the Sign-off: to and or the that with CD-ROM. further the or and If follow the instructions. Microsoft or or To the the CD- ROM and CD-ROM then color.htm or Macintosh).
Sign-off: CHAP2.FM R4C3700 A5
CHAP3.FM R4C3700 A5 and You learn to and This chapter teaches to and the information or LCD or off with the Sign-off: Chapter To playback the LCD follow the below. appears the LCD with the and the of appear Turn the switch to The and that the photo indicating the the of the On LCD and EPSON Preventing from This chapter covers the following topics. LCD and
Normal and Playback The allows to switch the LCD To follow You to these once Sign-off: to through the quickly. previous or the to the or Press the the Playback or playback the You to thumbnail the sections CHAP3.FM R4C3700 A5 Press the SEL appear the top of the LCD appears the then the the SEL selected. or Press the Turn the switch to displayed the LCD connected to the optional AC the LCD shut-off the off the LCD buttons LCD shut-off thumbnail of the appear the with the currently selected white. selection and back through the the to to the white through the quickly. and Press the Press the ESC to the and
CHAP3.FM R4C3700 A5 Memory appears when there recorded the To the and to Playback the ESC quickly, the Function and the the reaches the first or photo of the group, the or of displayed. To the of or of Sign-off: You of and with the LCD The Turn the switch to Follow the below. Press the SEL appear the top of the LCD You back the using the Turn the switch to Follow these appears the then the SEL appears the top of the indicating the of the currently displayed. or Press the Press the SEL appear the top of the LCD appears the then the SEL then the back appears the top of the of about seconds. or Press the the SEL and count appear To the the of the To SEL To or back through the or manually, the The and
EPSON to the to Uploading to the from the Sign-off: and right of the To and buttons to to the buttons while the and Function and Press the the three and to the and right. CHAP3.FM R4C3700 A5 It back when off the and off of inactivity. the connected to its switch to EPSON The LCD connecting to and photo, then off to The switch to To the the ESC You the to or about This allows to them and them On or EPSON using the that with You the 750Z. or EPSON To the with first EPSON Photo!2, then the to the the EPSON It information of the following: Connecting the 750Z to EPSON Photo!2 and and
CHAP3.FM R4C3700 A5 the to the the as shown below. Following the connecting the 750Z to telecasting specifications. If PAL the country. If NTSC NTSC telecasting specifications PAL specifications. Sign-off: the other of the to the input the the and turned off. the the of the cover and
You selected or the once, the instructions, the following section. the appears, SEL to the photo. Sign-off: If the optional AC the both the and the LCD the and the LCD off automatically. The appears the Turn the and switch to Turn the switch the to CHAP3.FM R4C3700 A5 SEL ESC Function You the while back To the the LCD follow the below. switch to While holding the Function the ESC the and
CHAP3.FM R4C3700 A5 repeating this the You than to selected, to the white appears around the back through the the the to or to Then the SEL or Press the The LCD allow to or from the memory to the them. Unlocking or the LCD Sign-off: To the selection of photo, the SEL If to photo, the and from selecting You the selecting Unlocking that Press the SEL to or appears to Press the ESC ESC to Press the SEL button. appear the top of the LCD appears the then the SEL button. The appears the or Press the Turn the switch to choose Select to the selected photo or then or the SEL the selected and SEL The appears. and
The from and Unlocking Sign-off: selected Follow through the previous section, or SEL to the or the ESC whether to Press the appears to to choose then the SEL or the CHAP3.FM R4C3700 A5 the Press the SEL appear the top of the LCD appears the then the SEL The appears. or Press the to and the SEL button. The or Press the appears. Turn the switch to If there locked the SEL and appears the Press the to the from the or ESC the to to through the appears around the to lock. the the white or Press the choose Select SEL then the or the and
CHAP3.FM R4C3700 A5 selected Then the To selected follow through SEL to the photo. The from the photo. To follow these Unlocking the of the indicating that locked. If to locking other to them, then appears Press the SEL the SEL or the selected the to the ESC appears to selections. Sign-off: Press the SEL to the or to the the appears to that the ESC to Follow to selected to choose Unlock then Press the SEL Press the Follow to selected Press the SEL to the or the ESC to the Press the SEL to the or appears to that to the the the ESC to to choose then the SEL or Press the and
to the the item to correct. To the or Press the through the and correctly and Press the SEL or ESC to to the Press the SEL to to the clock Sign-off: You the The allows to brightness and the internal clock, the the LCD including the the CHAP3.FM R4C3700 A5 To the or off, follow these To the ESC the The below to the and the which the month and appear. month, the (hour and Turn the switch to and the SEL the clock appears the appear the with the clock then the SEL each highlighted Press the the with the highlighted Turn the switch to and the SEL each appear appears the appear the with the clock then the SEL each highlighted Press the Press the SEL the item to selected. The selected item red. SEL Press the to the clock and
CHAP3.FM R4C3700 A5 highlighted then the SEL The the the brightness Press the to the then the SEL to On or The selection highlighted. Press the Press the ESC to and the Sign-off: buttons to the brightness. the the the to the right to increase the brightness, or to the the the brightness. the and Press the ESC to and the appears the appear the with the clock then the SEL each highlighted Press the the with the highlighted Turn the switch to and the SEL each appear To the of the LCD follow these the LCD the with the highlighted Turn the switch to and the SEL each appear To the to SAVE or NORM, follow these the and
the country of purchase, or Spanish as choose English, the to information the LCD Sign-off: Selecting the then the SEL each appears the appear the with the clock highlighted Press the then the SEL to or to the Cont The selection highlighted. Press the CHAP3.FM R4C3700 A5 appears the The highlighted. Press the Turn the switch to and the SEL To the SEL the highlighted. Press ESC to the The LCD off seconds of when the switch to when the The LCD off right switch to or the switch to To the LCD back the then back to On Press the ESC to and the and
CHAP3.FM R4C3700 A5 Info to then SEL Information that appears. To You information the currently selected SEL button, then SEL photo. Press the and the ESC the three or the Press the that the the the this and switch and the of displays the and the to the displays the and the switch to the of information the LCD You choose whether to the Information Sign-off: To this or off, follow the below. Press the SEL appear the Turn the switch to or appears the then the SEL Information to On or or Press the Press ESC to the and
Sign-off: CHAP3.FM R4C3700 A5 and
CHAP4.FM R4C3700 A5 Direct includes the following features. There to the with 750Z. Direct to Sign-off: Card, and Color, and and You the to and them from the software. instructions the EPSON to the the Direct chapter and includes information You the 750Z directly to This the following topics. LCD and Direct Prints features and Printed items Direct to
distributed EPSON. the below.) S041061, S041026 S041054, S041029 Quality S041062 S041126 S041140 Quality S041124 S041141 S041134 S041071 S041107 S041072 S041144 S041176 Quality Quality (A4) Quality (A4) Quality Card (A6) Quality (A4) Quality (A6) (A6) (A6) (A4) with Interface Sign-off: You the following items to the Direct EPSON 750Z CHAP4.FM R4C3700 A5 the Direct the Direct the CD-ROM): EPSON STYLUS PHOTO EPSON STYLUS PHOTO EPSON STYLUS COLOR EPSON STYLUS PHOTO EX EPSON STYLUS PHOTO recommended, to of the optional AC (B86703 with while and cool, of its to the The of country. To the Direct to from the included CD-ROM. the following section. EPSON STYLUS COLOR EPSON STYLUS COLOR EPSON STYLUS COLOR Direct to
CHAP4.FM R4C3700 A5 both the and the turned off. optional CompactFlash Card. instructions CompactFlash Cards, Chapter You the Direct with Direct to Direct The included software CD-ROM the of the EPSON To which both of the software. the Direct Sign-off: or the or the the the other of the the Turn and the software CD-ROM the the the of the PHOTO both of Direct EPSON STYLUS PHOTO, PHOTO EX, and Print. To memory, of the software from or The EPSON the EPSON Click or the EPSON appears. Turn the switch to You Direct from the EPSON This when the EPSON To EPSON the EPSON Photo!2/File follow these to Once EPSON of Direct to Direct to
of the to the the back of the both the and the turned off. Connecting to the Follow these to Sign-off: If appears indicating the and the switch properly connected to the the OK to Then Click and CD-ROM Then the OP-PROG and OK CHAP4.FM R4C3700 A5 appear the Applications the finished, the Click EPSON the selected Select the to from the Applications Click to the SEL then Select the Software and the SEL then the SEL Select the switch to Press the SEL Choose the SEL button, To from the follow the instructions the LCD You of the from the included CD-ROM. Direct to
CHAP4.FM R4C3700 A5 The Direct the and the connected Direct Print, to the cover the of the Sign-off: appear the top of the LCD Press the SEL the back of the appears the then the SEL Software or Press the the off, then switch to Accessing the Direct the the the the to the correctly If EPSON STYLUS COLOR or the Direct V2.2 and V2.2 instead. the Direct Section. V2.3, to then the SEL to the Direct or the To the section. arrow Direct to
Prints Sign-off: Choose from the following The Direct Prints of You of the to CHAP4.FM R4C3700 A5 You Top and Prints A6 Card A6 A6 Top Direct to
CHAP4.FM R4C3700 A5 consisting of thumbnail of the A4, or A6 You the right or of and or as You choose Right A4 or Prints to three A4 or or to A6 Sign-off: V2.3) A6 V2.2) A6 of the selected Prints EPSON This or V2.3 only) each A6 Right the to Access the Direct as then the SEL Press the to highlight selected, then the SEL Press the or Follow these to V2.3 only) Direct to
the the If selected or Card as and the SEL Then choose the If choose covered right right and The the selected. Sign-off: appear with the currently selected Choose Select to of the first to the to then SEL You the or Press the Select and the SEL Choose to the then the SEL CHAP4.FM R4C3700 A5 the right, or the If selected as the and the You the the follow the instructions the LCD to and the SEL button. Then the of If choose to ON to the to then the SEL If selected or as the or to the You to three A4 or or to A6 to then SEL the or Press the and the to the option to then the SEL The that To the and type, of or information the option appear the Direct to
CHAP4.FM R4C3700 A5 Press the SEL The the to the While the and the the the top of the LCD and The and the appears the LCD three seconds, to the Direct about three seconds. ESC To the Turn the and the and type of instructions, and the instructions that with selected. appears the of the options to least that If selected or as the to Sign-off: to the Direct and the finished, the LCD to the ESC Then the switch to and off the the Direct to Press the Direct to
while The the ESC and the than three seconds This appears when The three seconds. Canceled Sign-off: of appear the of these the following with the Direct LCD and LCD and CHAP4.FM R4C3700 A5 The to back to the This appears when and Press the SEL while the to the Direct This appears when memory. Press the there SEL to to the memory to The connected the ESC then the SEL to the to (To to Explanation LCD ESC Print: SEL of information clearing then from Clear the to the the to the Battery optional AC AC Battery or Direct to
CHAP4.FM R4C3700 A5 Printed through another interface. The the the from the Direct automatically. Explanation Sign-off: E51: Another interface active A6 A6/Photo the of as and information from the to E55: the To the from the to ESC to the the and then the E56: or A6 A6 Card Direct to
The the the the Direct shown below. Sign-off: Items A6: CHAP4.FM R4C3700 A5 Right, Card Card, Select Choices Item V2.3) A6: V2.3 only) Index A4, A6, type to of V2.2) Direct to
CHAP4.FM R4C3700 A5 Right, Choices Item On, and Sign-off: Direct to
Sign-off: CHAP4.FM R4C3700 A5 Direct to
CHAP5.FM R4C3700 A5 approximately approximately of the internal memory and You to the of each CompactFlash Card shown the following memory, which to HyPict optional CompactFlash Card. The The 750Z with MB of internal or CompactFlash Memory Cards of options that the memory and of 750Z. Sign-off: Chapter CompactFlash Memory Cards This chapter covers the following topics. the PCMCIA the AC
memory cover. the the Turn the and the the memory as shown below. CompactFlash Card. Follow the You increase the memory of below. Turn the switch the to CompactFlash Card Sign-off: HyPict Memory (PAL) Memory (NTSC) CHAP5.FM R4C3700 A5 EPSON EPSON CompactFlash Cards only. Other memory incompatible with the EPSON 750Z. information about the of CompactFlash Cards EPSON CompactFlash MB* Card CompactFlash MB* Card If with II PCMCIA memory directly from the optional PCMCIA (B867041). memory the PCMCIA information this option.
CHAP5.FM R4C3700 A5 the Copy to the With optional CompactFlash memory internal memory and the memory Follow these the memory the Copying memory the the the amount of internal memory. appear around the memory rather than the the the The the memory the memory the memory cover. Sign-off: or the SEL Then the Copy highlighted With the selected the Press the SEL to the Copy then Card or Card as the to or the Turn the switch the to Then the SEL The photo increases seconds when using the memory You when the To to the the and the the the the to to or back through the or Press the SEL then the appears the If memory the NO CARD appears. the while the the or
To optional CompactFlash Cards, follow these memory the the including Sign-off: Formatting memory Press the SEL button. appears around the photo. If to to them and the SEL each or the the If than the or the Memory appears. CHAP5.FM R4C3700 A5 them. You to to the the or the LCD EPSON CompactFlash Cards already when instructs to Turn the switch the to Then the SEL the memory the to the ESC button. appears selected the to selections. Press the SEL to the and to the the ESC to and to the to Format Card highlighted. and the SEL Then the or the
CHAP5.FM R4C3700 A5 Press the then the memory hand. that the and to the and to the Press the SEL appears stating the ESC to to the Press the SEL to the without formatting the Sign-off: the while the the or sunlight, or that or the or the memory cover. the memory cover, the switch to If memory the the NO CARD appears. Removing CompactFlash Card Follow the below. The increases seconds when the memory Turn the and the memory cover.
the CompactFlash memory from the and the Turn the switch the to Then the SEL Copy the software which to to the and to the created Sign-off: the EPSON You to from EPSON Copying from CompactFlash Cards only) To such as the Direct the CD-ROM, CompactFlash memory to follow these CHAP5.FM R4C3700 A5 With the Software selected, the SEL then Press the SEL appears to to the Press the SEL and follow the the LCD Press the SEL then or to CompactFlash Card, then If there the internal memory, the to the from the If the memory when the properly. CompactFlash memory the PCMCIA the following section. the the
CHAP5.FM R4C3700 A5 the II PCMCIA CompactFlash Cards directly from The optional PCMCIA allows to with II PCMCIA memory To this the PCMCIA Sign-off: the Photo_1 from and the the memory appear. Double-click the to its thumbnail Cards. software to CompactFlash users the PC information. the memory the the optional as shown below. Follow these to the optional You the memory with the included EPSON software. instructions, the EPSON Photo!2 memory
750Z. other only the AC the fire, shock, or Warning: the AC and the other than 750Z. Sign-off: The AC (B86703 allows to charge the batteries. locations the AC and operating the from The the 750Z to This with AC when or CHAP5.FM R4C3700 A5 the AC To or the finished and off or the AC Then follow these If the AC outlet To or the the which country. The the (B86703 the AC using this
CHAP5.FM R4C3700 A5 the the DC the EPSO the the AC If AC AC Sign-off: the and the AC where the easily the AC the cover the of the options French-speaking users: other that fluctuations the as or switches or timers. Also, cover
Sign-off: CHAP5.FM R4C3700 A5
CHAP6.FM R4C3700 A5 to Then the 750Z follow these and Troubleshooting 750Z easy to of, and and easily. Sign-off: the to sunlight To the optics of the of the the following section cleaning and the to the section and cleaning the and Cleaning the options. the and options or which to Allow the and options to to to the and to them from using them. and Troubleshooting
the off and the switch locked. the its when Sign-off: the To the the off, then the and off with off or Next breathe cloth or cleaning clean, cloth to the free of or cleaners. CHAP6.FM R4C3700 A5 Cleaning the If the of the and them from or location. This If necessary, clean the with cloth. To scratching the to too and Troubleshooting
CHAP6.FM R4C3700 A5 this of and and Where to sunlight; the the following locations. Near of bright light or high Near of heat or closed Sign-off: or the switch to then to On the back the The off automatically. To the correctly. the and the Also, using the necessary. The Where to or Disconnect the charger from the cleaning. of or Cleaning the charger If the AC the charger terminals them with cloth. or cleaners. off with clean, cloth. and Troubleshooting
once. This forces the to these operations to the to the then the the of the the or the LCD You the the and the the to the photo. information, once. You the The too to Sign-off: The recharging. the light the and The the The connected to connected, of the instructions buttons the the EPSON from CHAP6.FM R4C3700 A5 the quickly If to reduce the the shooting memory counter the If reads the LCD or the to The memory the and then them. the correctly. the batteries and the Also, the necessary. or the flash information the to the flash. The optional CompactFlash Card allows the CompactFlash to without Memory Cards To with the LCD while them, the EPSON Function the the ESC button. To to Photo!2 and Troubleshooting
CHAP6.FM R4C3700 A5 such as when the appears when the to the to flash, or the to the steady. turning the Med. or High The appears the LCD when the The correctly. Turn off the the attached, then the and If turned the with the attached, the the shooting the The Sign-off: the correctly. the batteries and the Also, the necessary. Nothing appears the LCD when the switch to the correctly. the Also, the and batteries. the necessary. Nothing appears the LCD when the switch to The off automatically. To the back the or turn the switch to then back to On the back the The off automatically. To or turn off the switch the switch to then to On and Troubleshooting
the correctly. the Also, the and the necessary. the switched to the Sign-off: The the LCD too or necessary, following the instructions the LCD brightness the brightness of the LCD the the switch to CHAP6.FM R4C3700 A5 purchased countries conforming to the purchased countries using the NTSC with with NTSC televisions, and broadcasting PAL with PAL televisions. Also, and shooting the instructions selected You the the LCD You with the when optional CompactFlash Card LCD or the follow the instructions If indicating that to Removing CompactFlash Card Formatting memory cards or the connected correctly, as EPSON Photo!2 the switch to the Conditions to first the To the white and Nothing appears the TV when the connected to and Troubleshooting
CHAP6.FM R4C3700 A5 the or to If with the from 750Z, to of photography the below and them try. or the to and then counter the If reads the memory this to another using the LCD memory the them. the the the Sign-off: when the or The 750Z or this to the You to EPSON If the than when them to This shows The the or complexity of the and Troubleshooting
following the instructions the You to the flash. the to flash or If using the flash, within to of the (when to too (underexposed). Sign-off: You should least to with the (when (without or (with to to You as as within the without the flash, and to with or without the or of CHAP6.FM R4C3700 A5 If using the to to lighting to the this the You the manually to instructions, the image-editing to the brightness and attached, the correctly. Turn off the If turned the with the the attached, then turn the and try the to the steady while the the to and Troubleshooting
CHAP6.FM R4C3700 A5 If the from clock. the clock to the LCD to the clock. You the clock from instructions, to the the EPSON photographing that caused light The and/or If the too bright. the flash the to You the manually to instructions, the too light (overexposed). Sign-off: distorted. You image-editing software to lighting the slightly The right. the to the this too light, the the to to from If facing bright light image-editing to the and the white to instructions, to the white the with clothing, or other or appears of and Troubleshooting
Sign-off: cleaning it following the instructions Cleaning or the The the from what the as as they to. CHAP6.FM R4C3700 A5 to straight through the recommends the LCD rather than EPSON the to that the through the slightly than the the photo. and Troubleshooting
APPA.FM R4C3700 A5 Product type Specifications Proof Sign-off: to to AF with LCD inch CCD (1.3M CCD (without and Height Physical 2-inch TFT LCD backlight and with lighting (110K LCD MB (recorded memory) memory Non-operating: to to Non-operating: to C to C condensing) A-1 Specifications
to to F2.8 to to infinity Sign-off: Recorded (HyPict), JPEG type APPA.FM R4C3700 A5 to ISO (flash off to and forced with mechanical to HyPict TTL white (sunlight) White EV to EV, EV flash, shooting shooting A-2 Specifications
APPA.FM R4C3700 A5 PAL NTSC shooting) Functional seconds Sign-off: shown when optional the from the the internal memory. If the Direct increase and HyPict (ISO Med. (ISO forced flash, off, complexity of each photo, the The of the the the High (ISO A-3 Specifications
Optional AC DC V) DC V) (LR6), lithium (FR6) (B86703 DC Sources Sign-off: (seconds) APPA.FM R4C3700 A5 Approximately Approximately On Battery life* interface RS-232C- Communication 1.8M EPSON or higher PC, interface HyPict Interface Battery type and NTSC (NTSC PAL (PAL A-4 Specifications
APPA.FM R4C3700 A5 EPSON EU-24) Compatible DC AC V, EU-27 EPSON EU-24) Compatible DC AC V, EU-23 U.S and Sign-off: Battery Charger Charging to 35C Charging Charging to 35C Charging A-5 Specifications
rechargeable sealed Sign-off: EU-24 Battery EU-28 EU-38 AC V, AC V, EU-38 EU-28 APPA.FM R4C3700 A5 (IEC LR6 Battery AA to 50C Charging: to 35C to 30C to RH Weight DC EPSON EU-24) Compatible Charging DC 1.2V to 35C Charging (without AC A-6 Specifications
APPA.FM R4C3700 A5 PCMCIA PC Card ATA Interface Optional PCMCIA Optional CompactFlash Card II Card type Physical CompactFlash Card, EPSON information about the MB* Sign-off: Height The amount of the memory Height Physical A-7 Specifications
including Height Sign-off: Physical AC V, DC V/2.0A EU-18 APPA.FM R4C3700 A5 Optional AC EU-20 AC V, AC V, including Height EU-19 U.S and Physical DC V/2.0 Physical AC V, DC V/2.0 A-8 Specifications
APPB.FM R4C3700 A5 United and the of Ireland the the troubleshooting information this If operating properly and services Contacting Customer Sign-off: information the EPSON products, software If to the and and to of Ireland, EPSON (UK) LTD of services and technical If purchased the UK or the World To please the following information. the the of the of Brand and of EPSON Service information including troubleshooting switch and information. EPSON Software normally with and their EPSON software (Click About the using or B-1 Contacting Customer
phone and (which first to the Service, yourself). Customer and Warranty Sign-off: touch-tone You to follow from the of Ireland to Once telephone and numbers, To EPSON, the UK or EPSON of the to APPB.FM R4C3700 A5 Technical information and operating EPSON products from the of Ireland. They the UK or Customer and Warranty teams the following services. EPSON products to repaired within the warranty the UK or from the that with to ANSI that software and of to You the EPSON Service Downloading include of Ireland. membership required. software and information. and the found the that the EPSON and the ID numbers. The to automatically. Service and of EPSON Customer and Warranty services the technical section and EPSON service of B-2 Contacting Customer
APPB.FM R4C3700 A5 and EPSON products through of choices and and the information including of the software the information to offered There technical EPSON FAXBACK the EPSON FAXBACK of Ireland, the UK or from the of Ireland, and They the The team the UK or from the following information. Pre Sign-off: If This where the software and the BBS to the URL EPSON Where to purchase EPSON and options EPSON products Pre information and Australian the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON You the information as offered Access the World Worth the of Customer Service. as this EPSON wishes to with high the following information. B-3 Contacting Customer
the telephone and below. Sign-off: and easily as as Dont that and The should the first They often the to APPB.FM R4C3700 A5 both Chinese and English the to EPSON established with the following information. To technical as as other services, users to EPSON Limited. to the and software They EPSON as to the EPSON products and where the or service located. of EPSON World to of EPSON software Product information to the information the the This information includes the EPSON and other information hand when The information type of operating required. The B-4 Contacting Customer
APPB.FM R4C3700 A5 Office the and To technical as as other services, to the EPSON below. BBS: to information and the of software. You to the board (BBS) following the BBS service. BBS: Sign-off: You technical the following and numbers. Technical B-5 Contacting Customer
Sign-off: APPB.FM R4C3700 A5 B-6 Contacting Customer
APPC.FM R4C3700 A5 Follow these to the LCD Turn the switch the to or appear the top of the LCD with the then the SEL currently selected when the switch to that allow switch to and to selected from the and this chapter, and The LCD features three when the of and option the SEL ESC and buttons as each LCD Sign-off: C buttons to the other The the and selected Press the and the SEL the to Press the SEL to choose or the ESC C ESC To the LCD the the and SEL appears LCD C-1 LCD
Sign-off: Allows to choose whether displayed the LCD or information Information Allows to the following the APPC.FM R4C3700 A5 Chapter Allows to the following: Conditions clock and the white HyPict shooting C-2 LCD
APPC.FM R4C3700 A5 Allows to the photo or Allows to switching Normal and Allows to choose whether the LCD or information the Information Sign-off: Allows to the following Software indicated below. clock C choose the following the country, information the LCD English, or Spanish to and with optional Allows to back the one-by-one. to the following: memory photo information C-3 LCD
Sign-off: APPC.FM R4C3700 A5 C-4 LCD
GLOSSARY.FM R4C3700 A5 of or the and the interface or of processing. and off, or and Short The of software that such as processing, editing, or Sign-off: Phase and PAL Short of of counted of National North America and NTSC or that when the turned or initialized. known as factory The amount of light the when photo which allows the users to HTML interface through which Indication of finely of thumbnails height and Each of or of information, the of the representing two-dimensional of with that that the through of
Sign-off: the appear those the white to the where the The the whiteness and white the To of higher or R4C3700 A5
MARKET.IX R4C3700 A5 copying from, copying to physical A-1 counter, capacity, A-3 formatting, to to to specifications, A-7 buttons, to to CompactFlash Cards Clock cleaning, of, battery, Checking Cleaning C Activating the to Attaching the to specifications, A-8 to shut-off, AC Sign-off: Brightness, LCD specifications, A-5 to A-6 to to to specifications, A-6 to to Battery replacing,
Sign-off: Formatting memory cards, to A-3 to R4C3700 A5 capacity, to Customer B-1 to B-5 shooting, Copying to Copying memory battery, CompactFlash Cards, to to shooting, Interface specifications, A-4 battery, shooting, to white flash, the to the to to the to procedures, to to types, the the and of Direct using LCD to buttons,
MARKET.IX R4C3700 A5 the Direct to the to Printed to recorded specifications, A-2 once, to the the LCD to to capacity, A-3 to to specifications, A-4 to A-4 to to to to back playback to Sign-off: to Lights CompactFlash Memory Cards, to A-7 AC to A-8 PCMCIA A-7 to A-2 Removing CompactFlash Cards, Rechargeable shooting A-4 Physical A-1 information, specifications, A-7 copying, to to PCMCIA counter,
to CompactFlash Cards, to internal memory, A-3 the to PCMCIA A-7 light, backlight, attaching, shoulder, Switches Straps Sign-off: when the charger and batteries, to when the shoulder Direct items, photo information when the to LCD brightness, to A-5 to A-6 white to to CompactFlash Card, A-7 to to to to flash, and to A-1 to A-6 HyPict AC A-8 instructions to battery, A-6 clock, Specifications flash, R4C3700 A5 the to shooting Troubleshooting, to to continuously, light, Unpacking Unlocking
MARKET.IX R4C3700 A5 White to Sign-off: to Index
EPSON FRANCE S.A. MARKET.FM R4C3700 A5 EPSON DEUTSCHLAND Phone: EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS Hempstead, EPSON UK LTD. HP2 7TJ, U.K. Sign-off: EPSON AMERICA, INC. CA Phone: P.O. EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. TRADING LTD. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. Harbour Road, 47/F, Phone: Tower, EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. CHATSWOOD NSW. Phone: GIBBES STREET, LTD. February SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) R. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON ITALIA Phone: MI,