photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, this of this information as to other products. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. and and and P.I.F. of Corporation. and service of Inc. America, Inc.
This information and instructions the P-4000 features, including troubleshooting the and wherever With the P-4000 displayed 3.8-inch LCD and Introduction information and the of and follow the Please follow these to to to injury. Warning: High-quality 3.8-inch LCD with RAW from SLR MP3 and AAC JPEG If P-4000, Where to includes P-4000 with the P-4000 reference when CompactFlash and SD memory to TV or USB interface PC or MPEG4 and Motion JPEG Direct to Lithium-ion and AC 40GB
Started P-4000 Headphone AC switch CompactFlash SD USB cover USB Battery LCD Started
the the the Turns when the Charge light P-4000 Lights and Flashes when turn the P-4000 or Access light Press or right to or option Selects highlighted option, the selected or and to OK information, instructions, or Flashes and other operations. Activity light the and to the to the Started
The P-4000 with Lithium-ion battery. Follow these to Turn the P-4000 and the cover to the to the Battery or You might to whenever The P-4000 with AC the to charge the and when the P-4000 connected to to or About the AC the the as shown. the the first. P-4000. another fire, shock, the AC which the Warning: or injury. the AC when the this the P-4000. the AC or the other than the P-4000. To fire or shock, cover the AC with or covering. operations. You however, the the AC from this operations. Started
below. the other to the cord, and To charge the battery, the AC as shown the cover and to the right clicks. BATT. the AC when the installed; this the P-4000. The the top right of the LCD when the P-4000 the battery, to the when the P-4000 off. It when the AC It about hours to charge the P-4000 Charging the Battery Battery The P-4000 automatically. Charge the the AC Battery about Battery Battery Battery charged. the charged, the light The Charge light while the off. Started
the battery. Then the cover. operating charging. It charging when The P-4000 charging the becomes when cools If to the P-4000 of should the battery. the Battery To and the LCD the and there activity P-4000 power-saving features. If the backlight the LCD turned off. the turned off. You the of these the Conserving Battery the while the P-4000 turned Doing to or the AC connected to the P-4000. the catch The the P-4000 turned off. the cover. the P-4000 to operation. If the P-4000 off, to back If the the backlight off, with the switch. The turned off the P-4000 too If this cool turning back Catch Started
shown below, then release The activity light flashes. To the the switch as Turning On the the and P-4000 the as shown. the the and turn the P-4000 the first the Activity light This and shows. English (Intl.) Started
You the the the OK If the battery, the and P-4000, the and displayed. about The the Press the OK to English You about the selected. To or the and If the instead, the already the Then follow the instructions the and or Choosing the You the buttons the P-4000. This allows to the P-4000 or and with headphones without pressing the buttons. To the buttons, the switch to the Press the OK You the and To the buttons, the switch back to the or Then right or to that To to the option Month or Press right or the to the the selected item (such as the Started
that include the P-4000. battery. Charging the Battery Indicates the the Battery The following the You to the the appears. operations from this the P-4000, the the created or that right to Creating Shortcut Shortcut the the P-4000. or from memory Memory Card shortcuts Battery Memory Card Chapter the Started
off the P-4000, the light it seconds the Access light flashes off. Then the switch as shown below, and and the P-4000 off. Turning the Access light Started
If CompactFlash the following of memory cards: Memory Cards Chapter CompactFlash and cards. The P-4000 memory while the Access light flashing. Doing to memory or or the P-4000 or follow instructions included with memory only) Memory The P-4000 the following of memory cards: This chapter to and memory and to and and Memory Cards CompactFlash and II or memory cards. The off, the from and the P-4000. or sunlight, or that or dusty. (MMC or to 512MB only) SD Memory Cards
To from the C/F Card first the Access light off. Then the and the If the sticking once to then to the CompactFlash other of cards, as and Removing Memory Cards You and II CompactFlash or the C/F Card If facing the LCD. Then the memory the the memory the with the back of the the the CompactFlash Card If CompactFlash the the and the the If CompactFlash the from the P-4000; the memory memory the the and P-4000 Memory Cards
To from the SD Card first the Access light off. Then the top of the You or the SD Card facing the LCD. Then the memory the the memory the with the back of the the the Card the of the memory the the and P-4000 Memory Cards
The P-4000 RAW that with the following SLR You JPEG than N, EOS-1D II, EOS-20D, XT, EOS-D30, EOS-D60, EOS-10D, and II R-D1 memory the and what to with them, or the the to the P-4000. the copying completed. the AC this Copying from Memory Card Olympus E-1 and E-300 (thumbnail only) 7D and D100, D1H, D2H, D1X, D2X, D50, D70, and and DS aspect JPEG supported. JPEG Supported Supported More RAW supported; the to the information: RAW rotation, or shows with the P-4000. the and of the to the and whether to (bytes). The the image-editing JPEG the header of RAW displayed. RAW Memory Cards
If Copy from Memory Card copying and the following appears: Memory Card Copying Select Memory Card the and the OK CompactFlash Card or the the memory as the Card Copying The to that to the numbered the they copied. created the P-4000. The If Copying or Creating New instructions. If necessary, the memory to access. You the following Memory Card Copying Copy from Memory Card the Memory Card If the Memory of the the the following section information about browsing. You should back the P-4000 to another Select what to or OK the Then the button. Memory Cards
The selected to the Browsing Memory Card the Memory Card, thumbnail of the the or information about the as the following Press right or the to the or and performance copying them to the P-4000 Although and memory them. and instructions. To displayed the OK to further. To around the To the To to the of and or the To the to the then the OK Memory Cards
displayed the to histogram that shows the photos of highlights, and To information about full-screen the The following information displayed: Information White of ISO Memory Cards
and the OK button. The You JPEG memory as Press the to the as the the You effects, and background You the following from the when memory Copy the or selected to the or selected information, the Memory Cards
and and Chapter with P.I.F. to and and from memory or them This chapter P-4000 and TV or Unsupported from selected The following the that appear the Battery Screen P.I.F. the which to this Unsupported RAW New Flower Scenery PC_DATA that includes as shortcut PC_DATA and and
and displayed. including those displayed. Protecting from that include or this which copying from This of the PC_DATA Charging the Battery Battery containing and included the selected displayed. displayed with the Information and instructions To information or instructions, the the whose characters other than displayed. The to the the Creating Creating Shortcut shortcuts Supported RAW selected or The factory You whether to them. the Unsupported Unsupported P.I.F. displayed only P.I.F. with and and and
the displayed memory You the to the Select or the and the OK thumbnails. You full-screen You or as to using the then the OK Select the or containing the or that include such as or appear. Memory Card To to the the and and and
To displayed the OK to further. To around the To the of the and other displayed: To information about full-screen the The following information displayed: of Information the to the to then the OK The selected to the White ISO and and
Creating New information. You that Press right the The appears. Press the to the then Rotating Select the or to as Press the to the as You JPEG as Select Right to the clockwise or to counterclockwise. Then the OK Select the to then the The rotated. If to of the Right-Select (to clockwise) or Left-Select (to counterclockwise). Select and the OK The New Flower Scenery PC_DATA as Shortcut Copy to Memory Card Sort You JPEG than You effects, and background the the and and
AAC MPEG-4 ADPCM MPEG-4 .asf The P-4000 from to with to 2GB. The P-4000 to 100MB. WMV, MPEG1/2, and supported. to to such as and (MPEG4) AAC MP3 Supported Supported PCM, ADPCM AAC, MP3, MPEG-4 AAC MPEG-4 PCM Motion JPEG PCM Motion JPEG and and
The following the buttons while and function function and OK to OK Select or that to then the OK and the or and to the previous the Press and to the Press and to Right the the The selected or the following when and played with the LCD While the LCD off to the battery. It when You to using headphones. the headphone the headphone the of the P-4000. background the You to as the and and
You to the to match TV You of the P-4000 to shows, and TV. the TV to input from the P-4000. TVs the top and You the P-4000 to TV or A/V and and shows. You camcorder-to-TV/VCR You purchase the (A/V with to RCA TV the three RCA to the and IN TV. the the other to the A/V the of the P-4000. The LCD off. and and
Copying to This chapter to with and and and the Chapter Select the or to the thumbnails You This allows to shows, or other of and The P-4000 includes and easily with to Creating You to three shortcuts the Shortcut
If to the the If to the to copied, Select of the following, then the OK If to only the selected to This Press the to the then Copy to the If choose Select the displayed as thumbnails. DSC00328.JPG DSC00329.JPG DSC00331.JPG Select Press right the The appears: Select each to and the OK The selected with selecting the to the DSC00324.JPG DSC00325.JPG DSC00326.JPG DSC00327.JPG Press to selection
The on-screen appears: Select the to to and the OK The copied. Follow through Copying to Creating New Select each the then the OK to input the selected or BACKSPACE the and To the input, the the OK lowercase, CAPS and the OK To switch the and Select New and the OK input the OK the using the then the OK to To everything that input, the and the OK If to the and the OK the from the displayed then the If to of the OK The selected copied.
Press the to the and the Then the OK button. Select the to Select the whose to Flower Scenery PC_DATA The appears: New Flower Scenery PC_DATA as Shortcut Copy to Memory Card Sort Select using the then the OK button. Press the to the New and the OK New Flower Scenery PC_DATA to the Follow through Creating New New Flower Scenery PC_DATA as Shortcut Copy to Memory Card Sort
New Flower Scenery PC_DATA as Shortcut Copy to Memory Card Sort If the as shortcut, the shortcut the You three shortcuts the to allow and easy to Creating Shortcut If three shortcuts already appear the shortcut of the ones. the Press the OK The thumbnail. Select the or that to the thumbnails and Select the that to shortcut New Flower Scenery PC_DATA then as Shortcut using the Press the to the
If to the selected or This If to the the If to the to the choose Select Then the OK of the following, then the OK Press the to the then the If choose Select the as thumbnails: DSC00328.JPG DSC00329.JPG DSC00331.JPG to Press right the The appears: Select each to and the OK The selected with selecting the to the DSC00324.JPG DSC00325.JPG DSC00326.JPG DSC00327.JPG Press to selection
and the Then the OK Press the to the The appears: them, when off the P-4000. You selected or to them from displayed. rotated. item locked, the Select and the OK Protecting Select the or that to
Press the to the the You to as or Select the to as thumbnail Creating Press the to the then as or as the The the options. The options what when the OK Press the
to of the selected Creating the selected rotated. If or the selected as background (BGM). to BGM Copy the selected memory to the P-4000. Memory Card Copy from Copying to Copy the selected or to Copy to the the the selected the selected as shortcut shortcut. Creating Shortcut the selected as thumbnail or Creating Thumbnail Shortcut/Delete as from Shortcut as the selected the selected with its P.I.F. the the includes P.I.F You P.I.F. and selected or Copy the selected or to memory Memory Card Copy to P.I.F. which to this the selected or as as Sort the they created. Sort Sort alphabetically. Sort memory to the or or the selected or Protecting the selected Memory Card/
the AC to the P-4000 and Then the P-4000 and the P-4000 the Connecting the P-4000 to the the each the Duration Select the background to the BGM the USB cover and the other of the USB to Then the USB to the P-4000. the P-4000 as and easily USB that the You the P-4000 to the back and forth. effects. The with the selected Select of the Copying to and From software the P-4000. the P-4000 If 98SE, to instructions. You should the AC when the P-4000 to
You from memory the P-4000 to first them to the P-4000. P-4000; or or The PC_DATA of the the thumbnail then the LCD off. You PC peripheral displayed The to to Select the EPSON_PV the Click or the the of the Turn off the P-4000 and the USB from Disconnecting the P-4000 From From and Cards to the the of these or of their To the Cards to of Copy to the PC_DATA (within the only. If to other the P-4000 the copying to this, the off the when the To the USB from the P-4000. New Flower Scenery PC_DATA
Turn off the P-4000 and the USB from Disconnecting the P-4000 From and the P-4000 to the the USB from the P-4000.
about 6-inch only. You directly of the following without connecting Direct Chapter Follow these to the P-4000 to the P-4000 and the turned off. Connecting the P-4000 to the USB cover: R300 and R300M Edition RX600 RX620 RX700 R320 More supported; the to the information: A4 You the following and of Direct
the LCD You to from Dont the connected the P-4000. the connected and and the AC to the P-4000 the of the USB to the P-4000. To photo, the If to or the or You JPEG that the or the other of the to the EXT I/F the Press the PRINT button. You the of Select to This The EXT I/F location the AC to the P-4000. Turn the and the P-4000. Direct
Press the OK You the ON Select to of Prints To the selected choose This To to and the of choose Select to You this To the the selected or of the following: the includes information) whether to the the or the the created. Select the of to of the selected photo(s). of Prints the to choose the P.I.F. Press OK to DSC00331. JPG ON ON Select the type and that the Choose or If selected choose the choose or whether to the the includes P.I.F. P.I.F. Select or Photo. Select the to and the of each Press OK the Direct
You the Select finished the USB the LCD turned off. Press the OK when ready to Creating Press or the to the of the selected If the full-screen the from the the instructions the DSC00331. JPG ON ON Press OK the that to and Then whenever while the P-4000. the of of each You or turning off the P-4000. Select the thumbnails or The the image(s) and the the that the to Then the OK You the printed. instructions To the selected selected, follow the If to another the or the to Press the to the and the Direct
the LCD Brightness You easily the to Select the and the OK You this Chapter the and Sounds or off. This the sound hear whenever Press or right the to the of the buttons. Then the OK button. Press or right the to the Select LCD Brightness and the OK Select Sound and the OK and Copy Sound LCD Brightness NTSC PAL and You the This the when the Press the to to the then or right to the Press the OK when finished. Each of these options this chapter. Select the to and the OK
Press the to to the Duration Press or right the to choose from the or from information about the as background Press or right the to choose from the following effects: You effects, background and shows. the Select and the OK Press or right the to the of each to the switching to the Choose from seconds to The seconds. finished, the OK choose to shows. of each the The Press the to to the background
off the and turning off the The options turning of inactivity. Press or right the to the LCD power-off the Select and the OK Press or right the to choose from the following This option the P-4000 to memory copying. the Copy Copy and the OK there activity. The Press or right the to the of (from to the off You or The Press the to to the power-off P-4000 to copying whether to the Select Confirm the from the memory Select memory to them to the P-4000. without warning Select Not memory to they to the P-4000. finished, the OK finished, the OK
Press or right the to choose NTSC or PAL (Televisions the North American NTSC.) If connected TV, to the Selecting the and the OK that include or off. this (the Press or right the to rotated the P-4000. the You the and displayed. Select and the OK If the while connected, and the Select and and the OK to these finished, the OK the and Choose Memory to created each Choose to created each that copied. Press the to to the Select to including types. Select to Press the to to the Unsupported finished, the OK
the to the then the OK Checking the and the OK or Then right or to that To to the option Month or Press right or the to the the selected the OK the amount of used, the amount and the Press the OK to to the You while the P-4000 its about to and possibly the to the and the to they correctly. If the battery, the and Select and the OK to choose from Choosing the English (Intl.)
and Troubleshooting Chapter This chapter to the P-4000 and appear the LCD. to the following to and or the Access light off; then the memory and occurred. the memory accessed. If necessary, the with cloth. Follow these when cleaning the P-4000: clean, cloth to clean. or cleaners. Turn off the P-4000 cleaning. Cleaning the P-4000 the memory to from the The write-protected. the memory and try memory occurred while while copying. Copying occurred canceled. and Troubleshooting
the information this section to and and The correctly. the USB There from the The write-protected. the memory and memory while The operation canceled. occurred Charging the Battery the top right of the LCD, appears the and charge the battery. the The the correctly. the Battery The correctly. What to the and The Charge the battery. Charging the Battery the P-4000 cools You the and to operation. the switch to the P-4000 back The P-4000 off to Press the the P-4000 instructions. and Troubleshooting
the The of the too high. clearly or abruptly. What to the type (JPEG or RAW The supported. What to The displayed. the Supported or Supported The of the too high. Sound off when the or played. sound when played. What to What to the LCD Brightness the LCD brightness. The LCD too or Supported to of the You to The or supported. Copy the The corrupted. Supported or the The of the supported. when the USB connected or the LCD operations. connected to the P-4000. The USB The LCD off when to the P-4000. and Troubleshooting
the PC_DATA the The the PC_DATA You the P-4000 when connected to What to or reduce the of to from the memory What to You or the to There enough of the the memory Copy the You The You JPEG The JPEG What to You If to to or from to software. the P-4000 instructions. to The P-4000 connected to You JPEG than The too Unlock the and then Protecting and and The locked. What to You and Troubleshooting
If the P-4000 or or to the Press the with thin the P-4000 to The supported. Connecting the P-4000 to supported. What to You The P-4000 off, its and back and Connecting the P-4000 to the The USB connected correctly. the the JPEG or You JPEG Turn the The off. Instructions the from the P-4000 firmware. You the firmware P-4000 included with the information. the and and Troubleshooting
to AM PM through U.S.: to AM PM through To to technical or charges apply. technical hours through the services and telephone services below. Where to Access Service please the following information ready: Product (located the of the P-4000) of purchase (such as and of purchase Product P-4000) of the information, and technical From the reach troubleshooting At this and other through World of services To these services, hours tone telephone and Automated Telephone Services the authorized please 800-GO-EPSON (B32B818262) from authorized To www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please You purchase Lithium-ion To purchase please and Troubleshooting
the this instructed to the force to rough this Although this Instructions Notices the operation and off immediately. the AC from the If this or the AC from the then this these instructions the P-4000, and instructions the P-4000 and and this reference. Follow AC A351H and Lithium-ion D111A with this Follow and instructions this the P-4000 with or other covering that To fire or shock, cover this off shock. To fire or this where or To fire or shock, this or its options to or with the of the both connected the this to or other the the or this Notices
that or the to or high humidity. the or fire or or short-circuit the battery. which to this such as or If this where the of follow instructions those this thunderstorm. charge the or locations. as they or short-circuit the to the from overheating. charge the this from heat Lithium-ion the P-4000 to the instructions this immediately the affected thoroughly with If or and treatment. If treatment immediately. the Battery that short-circuit such as or the from with wires or terminals directly to the battery. the battery or other such as lighter the that with this other the with or To short-circuiting, the of the battery. AC A351H and P-4000 G941B to batteries. Notices
the RBRC. ready to of the battery, the RBRC This that the users North America and the AC Charge the using the from this and If overheating, or from they or with that and supply directly from the type of indicated the AC the the AC where the easily The AC and with this to with other specified. using this the from this and separately. where the or high. of reach. of the Battery the Battery the AC from this operations. The AC included with this of other fire, shock, or only AC A351H with the P-4000. of as ordinary Instead, of them or recycle with of the battery, completely. to securely the of the with to combustion or when Warning: or of the fire. Notices
the and the AC this that or the straight the and the where the the AC when the the P-4000 specifications indicated the to the only the that the If of the supply or agency. type, AWG with US and users: the included or to foot type SPT-2 or and the AC from the The should to and other If the the the of the outlet the the of the If with this the cords or AC bright or These and The LCD this that LCD If the LCD this the LCD outlets switches or timers. or to the AC yourself. using the as or that switch and off. outlets the as or other that fluctuations. Notices
this location to sunlight or light this location to or humidity. cleaning cloth cleaning and this from the or cleaners. If the the LCD or thorough them immediately with If them thoroughly with and If this and flushing, immediately. cloth to the or cleaners. this or its options or the this or its options; the and this and this or its options normally or performance. servicing to service the following The or chemicals, including known to the State of California WARNING: The cords included with this to or other The memory to type. the included with memory memory the specifications used. and Removing Memory Cards Memory Card with Health or Transporting the P-4000 memory or off the while the Access light flashing. this location to high or humidity. this this Notices
The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It than interface the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this connected to interfaces. WARNING FCC United States the Class to of installation. This and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there turning the off and the to try to the interference or interference to and reception, which and, and This tested and found to comply with reasonable protection interference the FCC These to that interference If this of the following the authority to the or the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 from that to which the connected the outlet Increase the the and the or or the Notices
FCC Class EMC: BCSA C108.8 Class and P-4000 Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and According to 47CFR, and Class with Class Computers: Telephone: Airport CA Inc. MS Located Declaration of Conformity FCC Class EMC: CSA C22.2 CSA C108.8 Class UL60950 Safety: Battery D111A) AC with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference the expected to within responsibility that the to the tested and found to with the Records to testing as 47CFR the accepted, to and that operation. UL2054 Safety: P-4000 G941B of Product: Product: Notices
I/ II, including SD memory Card, 3.3V CompactFlash memory Memory Lithium-ion D111A) AC A351H) CF to other memory cards. inches, VGA TFT LCD; LCD: TMS320DM270 CPU: Specifications the memory used, the of and other factors. Approx. hours when hours when hours when the (when Battery charged)*: including inches 64MB SDRAM; 4MB flash ROM Memory: inches inch HDD, 80GB, FAT HDD: and (without (when the AC (with the battery) Rated DC (or to F Non-operating: to F to C) to C) Non-operating: to to Humidity (without Notices
the cool when to F to C) V, One USB Class) interface USB M3 Headphone A/V Interface AC to V, to to DC V, A351H Optional Accessory AC One 3.3V) CompactFlash memory or MicroDrive CF Card One SD memory or SD Card Battery Lithium-ion battery, D111A B32B818262 Product Rechargeable Lithium-ion inches (H D) D111A Notices