NPD3303-00 EN
Copyright and of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON of Corporation. and its or of Corporation and other countries. of Devices Corporation. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation the United States and/ or other countries. Apple and of Apple Inc. SD QuickTime and the QuickTime or of Apple Inc., This the MPEG-4 the and of with the MPEG-4 (MPEG-4 and/or MPEG-4 that and activity and/or obtained from MPEG LA to MPEG-4 or other Additional information including that relating to internal and and licensing obtained from MPEG LA, L.L.C. <www.mpegla.com> This the AVC the and of to with the AVC (AVC and/or AVC that and activity and/or obtained from to AVC or other Additional information obtained from MPEG LA, L.L.C. <www.mpegla.com> MPEG from IIS and Thomson. R41A0K180 Copyright and
Photoshop and RGB of Incorporated the United States and/or other countries. This protected property rights of Microsoft. or such of this without from Microsoft. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights R41A0K180 Copyright and
Instructions of these instructions using the and this reference. Follow and instructions the and the and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the of the Instructions the or apply shock to the when carrying as strong the internal and to or recovering that Follow and instructions this AC A351H and Lithium-ion D111A with this connecting the to or other with the of the Each the both connected the the or the R41A0K180 Instructions
the the instructed to the force the Although the to rough the If the or the and off immediately. the and the AC from the then the AC from the outlet and headphones high as this hearing headphones while operating vehicle or activity that to sound. wearing headphones, the that hear the upright as and To fire or shock, cover the with or other covering that off shock. To fire or shock, the or its to or To fire or the where or the thunderstorm. the which to If the where the of such as or follow instructions those the There of the the incorrect type. the specified only. of to the instructions. If charging hours or (when charging with the while the off), If charging such as high or charging immediately. If or immediately the affected thoroughly with and treatment. If treatment immediately. R41A0K180 Instructions
Lithium-ion the to the the You the following to charge the battery. the G971A/ G971B) and the AC A351H). the the battery charger EU-217). the that with the other To short-circuiting, the of the battery. the with or them the to or high humidity. or short-circuit the battery. the or fire or that or the using this or the specified charger EU-217). charge, or the or location with of 35C or from heat the vehicle, to the from overheating. as they or short-circuit the from with that short-circuit such as or the or other such as wires or terminals directly to the battery. from they or If overheating, or the from the and R41A0K180 Instructions
Charge the the using the the from the and them where the or high. of reach. of the of them completely. Warning: to securely the each of the with to combustion or when of as ordinary Instead, of them or with or of the fire. users: users the United States and the AC the type of indicated the AC and supply directly from outlet with that the If of the supply or of with ordinary Instead, of them with This that the RBRC. of the battery, RBRC. R41A0K180 Instructions
the AC where the easily The AC and with the to them with other specified. the AC from the operations (connecting the AC operations The AC included with the of other fire, shock, or injury. AC A351H with the the of the the the AC when the the If to this Germany, the building protected to short-circuit protection and over-current protection this or AC If with the the of the the cords or to the AC as specifically this outlets switches or timers. outlets the as or other that fluctuations. outlets the as or that switch and off. To fire or shock, the AC with or covering. the that or the and the AC the straight the and the where the R41A0K180 Instructions
The should as to and other If the AC outlet the AC from the US and users: the included or to foot type SPT-2 or type, AWG with and memory memory the used. memory or turn off the while the Access flashing. to where the Access using the LCD The LCD the bright or These and that LCD If the LCD the If the the LCD the and them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. cloth to the or cleaners. or the the the near the location to high or humidity. the location to or humidity. the location to sunlight or light R41A0K180 Instructions
the from the outlet cleaning cloth cleaning and or cleaners. the from and the and servicing to service the following The or the or its the or its or the the or its normally or performance. information United users The following information to the AC Warning: to the rating plate the and that the to the supply The wires the to this with the following the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows; The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. If to the the or United and only with of the and or that with the Authority. insulated that to the IEC or BS R41A0K180 Instructions
Appliance to the IEC or BS Certified of IECEE CB R41A0K180 Instructions
Chapter Introduction With the easily and with You and The features below. high-resolution, RGB) with You easily high anywhere, anytime without or other You and easily anywhere, anytime without or other You directly with PictBridge You photo, and the Notice The the as its Although to mechanical and shock, of the characteristics, there that or the service of the affected to malfunction caused these factors. to the which with and to whenever the to malfunctions. NOT the from as this the If this the following the the If this the should authorized service Repairs chargeable and covered warranties. R41A0K180 Introduction
Started Headphones SD Card Access CF Card CF Card switch with function Strap (LCD) R41A0K180 Started
USB USB (host) A/V AC button Battery cover BATT. R41A0K180 Started
LCD and Press to photo, and the Down/Left/Right OK Press to the selection and to the to the or highlight. You items this This operates to the and Right Press to the Press to switch the Press to and the selection. to Charge Press to the selection and to the Flashes operations such as turning the LCD power-off and Press to the or highlight. You item this to the or right. when occurred. R41A0K180 Started
the This section to the on/off and the and Turning the the switch to as shown below. The switch to the The the the first the and and displayed. Follow the instructions below. The appears. Select the to with the or and the OK the and appears, the OK to proceed. R41A0K180 Started
the and the Complete the Right or then the OK If hours the battery, the and and to If the and the and displayed when the the battery, that the and correctly. If necessary, the and You the the Turning the off that the Access off. the switch to as shown below and seconds the appears. The switch to the R41A0K180 Started
the operations You the temporarily the switch to as shown below. To release the switch back to the the operations function when carrying the while to with the headphones. to the turning the the appears first. operations from this Indicates the charge the battery. Indicates Indicates Indicates Indicates the charging. R41A0K180 Started
items Select to backed from CF/SD memory and USB Select to the Select to the Select to to from the Music" Memory Card Select to CF/SD memory or memory the USB to USB and the or to the USB Select to the to follow to and You and "Creating Custom Print" About the Software The the following software. You from the to the easily. USB You from Photoshop products the and while representation. Indicates the CF memory Indicates the SD memory Indicates the operations the operations" R41A0K180 Started
the software You to the the the to the then the software. about "Connecting the the (EXE/DMG the It recommended to back the the You to the software. the to the Click (or then the Copy the P_XXXX_WIN_SOFTWARE to P_XXXX the of Double-click the P_XXXX_WIN_SOFTWARE Select to the then when the Account appears, On the software If prompted to the software appears, the and then country, then follow the on-screen instructions. R41A0K180 Started
appears indicating that installation or appears, the to the to the Double-click the the Copy P_XXXX_MAC_SOFTWARE.DMG to P_XXXX Double-click P_XXXX_MAC_SOFTWARE.DMG Double-click the OS On the software If prompted to the software appears, the and then Select country, then follow the on-screen instructions. appears indicating that or appears, the to Uninstalling the Software To the software, follow the below. to back R41A0K180 Started
users then XP, then or to then the and XP, the or the Select the software, and then follow the on-screen instructions. to restarted. appears, to Select Custom of users" or USB On the software Uninstall to restarted. appears, to R41A0K180 Started
Chapter to the the of memory or other USB to the to from CF/SD Memory Cards The CF Card and SD Card You the from CF/SD memory To memory correctly, the with the memory memory while the Access flashing. Doing the or HDD to or memory cards. The off, the from and the or the sunlight, or that or copying the If the the AC The the supply GB of approximately or to the memory Supported of memory CF (CompactFlash) memory and V, including SD memory SD High-Capacity Card, Card R41A0K180 to the
Commercially to other memory RS-MMC, Memory Memory PRO Card, and CF/SD memory memory the CF or the SD the memory the memory with the facing the of the then the memory the the memory and the CF/SD memory that the Access off. memory while the Access flashes. Doing the to or R41A0K180 to the
CF memory the The memory SD memory the memory slightly. The memory ejected. the memory memory the CF only the memory the CF from the to the with the to R41A0K180 to the
Copying CF/SD memory According to the that appears when the memory Select Memory Card the the or then the OK the Memory Card CF Memory Card or SD Memory Card using the or Press the OK to copying. The memory appears. appears indicating that the displayed automatically. memory to the to only that previously backed and to the memory the From the the the SD memory locked. Checking the the Select the the or then the Right Select and the to the and (when the copied), and the 19092008D.XXX). You the Select the then and Copying Follow and of the Memory Card CF Memory Card or SD Memory Card the or R41A0K180 to the
Press the OK to the the memory If copying or the to the Press the to the Copy/Move the or then the OK Select Select and Copy using the or then the OK selecting to Copy this the and the to the of or to back then the OK to Pressing the the thumbnails the You Select or then the OK or Apply from the the to the then the OK the following the "Checking the the R41A0K180 to the
from USB Devices You from USB directly using the USB of the USB the USB used. You the following USB of HDD USB and reader/writers. You the following P-2000, P-4000, P-2500, P-4500, P-3000, P-5000, P-6000, and P-7000. Connecting USB the AC to the USB the to the AC the and the USB the cover and USB to the (Standard-A) and the other to the USB or USB memory to the Turn the and the USB If the USB AC cord, also, to while USB supported. USB without activated. USB with the or function used. USB to this the USB with the USB interfaces and B) the It malfunction. the the USB USB R41A0K180 to the
Copying USB such as containing DCIM connected, of the to the You of the from USB that DCIM the Select USB the the or then the OK Select to USB the or then the OK Select USB to the or then the OK USB to the to that previously backed and to the USB the From the the GB of or to the USB Checking the the Follow and of "Checking the the Copying to from or from USB that DCIM to the following the below. Select USB the the or then the OK R41A0K180 to the
to USB the or then the OK Select USB using the or Press the OK to the the USB Follow to "Copying from the the connected to the as You from the the included software or operating software such as or to the Computer" R41A0K180 to the
Chapter from the You the to USB or and to USB Devices or CF/SD Memory Cards You the of this to USB or memory cards. This useful when to back the without both the and the USB supply, and to the the of the You the following USB of copying: HDD CD/DVD USB and reader/writers. the following when burning to CD/DVD. the CD/DVD to the to the You DVD-R CD/DVD to with hierarchy of than Copying This function the SD memory locked. USB or memory "Connecting USB or CF/SD memory Highlight or to Press the to the Copy/Move the or then the OK R41A0K180 from the
Select and Copy using the or then the OK selecting to Copy this this or Select and the and the to the boxes of or to back then the OK to Select USB CF Memory Card or SD Memory Card the or then the OK Pressing the the thumbnails displays the You Select or then the OK or Apply from the the connected to USB or to the B, or the interface. Copying within This function only USB the to HDD or CD/DVD to the the created. that previously and copied. copying to CD/DVD to copying. the USB "Connecting USB Select USB the the or then the OK R41A0K180 from the
Select to USB Devices using the or then the OK Select Copy the or then the OK The as You as those which already to the Connecting the If the to the the as HDD. the software. the software" the AC Turn the and the R41A0K180 from the
the USB and the USB to the Then the other of the USB to the USB (Standard-A) USB Press the the You selecting USB the to the the LCD off. the USB from the when operating with or the connected to USB to the A, or touch the interface. Copying the software Click to (or then EPSON Select then Alternatively, the shortcut of the software the R41A0K180 from the
that backed to the automatically. the Double-click the the that backed to the automatically. the Copying the You and that with the HDD BACKUP, MUSIC, PHOTOS, and VIDEOS to and the the If created the and to to the Disconnecting the from the Click or the The and the the the USB from the the USB from the R41A0K180 from the
and the and memory to the the the USB from the Disconnect the USB from the R41A0K180 from the
Chapter and the Supported JPEG RAW .DNG The JPEG supported. The RAW with KONICAMINOLTA, PENTAX, Olympus, FUJIFILM, SONY, and The the JPEG DNG TIFF supported. aspect JPEG the header of RAW displayed. R41A0K180
Format AVI MPEG4 (Advanced MOV MPEG4 (Advanced MP4 MPEG4 (Advanced MOV MP4 M4V The GB. played the the or to or or using the the or respectively. To the "Copying/Moving or AAC, G.711 PCM, ADPCM (G.726, MS IMA ADPCM) Motion-JPEG G.711 PCM, ADPCM (G.726, MS IMA ADPCM) AAC, PCM fps: fps: Motion-JPEG G.711 PCM, ADPCM (G.726, MS IMA ADPCM) AAC, PCM fps: fps: fps: AAC, PCM fps: H.264/AVC Profile R41A0K180 fps: fps: fps: fps: fps: fps: fps: fps:
or appear thumbnails. The and displayed. Switching the You switch with the and this of the Switch the following the below. Press the to the the or then the OK Select or DSC using the or then the OK information photo or the to its information. R41A0K180
information first. You switch to the information (as below) information information the preview, about each of the brightness and high) throughout the shows tone allowing to The brightest of the shows of and the of the shows of white. Pressing the while the appears the without information. Press the to to the displayed and the RGB RGB. with unknown information the R41A0K180
the information displayed first. You switch to the information (as below) the the function. The following the of the and back to around the photo. OK the the photo. the or previous without the the to the the or then the OK Select using the or then the OK Select Right to the clockwise or to the counterclockwise the or then the OK Press the to R41A0K180
rotated they information and the to ON the You the other the the Right or photo the to the then selecting the photo this the or shooting automatically, then displays the Pressing the the back sound You playback (WAV attached to the to the and then Sound This The following the while OK the and to the the R41A0K180
Left/Right Rewind/Fast-forward the to playback, the the the playback. The playback, playback from seconds the If to back the from the the playback, displayed), from then the OK This function with playback of or and fast-forward becomes the Left/Right while fast-forwarding. You the selecting or from the displays the the to the LCD without the aspect Editing While editing the the and then the to correction the allows to apply each correction manually. RAW or to and then as JPEG Editing photo You JPEG You to the as as manually such as brightness and On the the JPEG that to the Press the to the using the or then the OK or Right Select the or then the OK You the the "Creating Custom Print" R41A0K180
RAW You RAW and then them JPEG You when processing. selecting of the the On the the RAW that to the RAW Press the to the the or then the OK or Right On the thumbnail Select and the or then the OK This using the or then the OK to the and the to the boxes of to process, then the OK appears, the and then the and OK to proceed. You the the "Creating Custom Print" and as You JPEG as Highlight or to as R41A0K180
Press the to the the or then the OK The The and selected. Pressing the the to the from the Alternatively, the from the the or the or as and that other people them. as the to them the to CD-R/DVD-R, as Highlight to as Press the to the the or then the OK or Right Select using the or then the OK If the to already displayed, to the using the then the OK Press the to the the or then the OK or Right Select as the or then the OK R41A0K180
the and the to the of to as then the OK Pressing the the thumbnails displays the You or then the OK or Apply from the To the as or Highlight or to the of. Press the to the the or then the OK or Right Select the or then the OK R41A0K180
The appears. Select using the then the OK to input the selected The forward/backward the or To the input, the To the operation, the then the OK the the then the OK to or Highlight or to Press the to the the or then the OK R41A0K180
the and the to the of or to then the OK to Pressing the the thumbnails displays the You Select or then the OK or Apply from the to the to the then to the Select the or and the OK to Press the Right or to to other to Select and the OK or the to the the appears, the or then the OK to Copying/Moving or Highlight or to or Press the to the Copy/Move using the or then the OK R41A0K180
Select Select and Copy or Select and the or then the OK selecting to or Copy this or this the and the to the of or to or then the OK to Pressing the the displays the You Select or then the OK or Apply from the Select to or to using the then the OK the appears copying or the OK Protecting or You the selected or or locked, the displayed and or rotated. Highlight or to Press the to the the or then the OK or Right Select the or then the OK R41A0K180
the and the to the of or to then the OK to or which already with Pressing the OK the and the or Pressing the the thumbnails displays the You Select or then the OK or Apply from the to the to the then to the Select or Unlock the or and the OK to Press the Right or to to other to lock. Select and the OK or the to the The the or off the wallpaper or You as the or thumbnail of that Select to R41A0K180
Press the to the Wallpaper and the or then the OK or Right Select as the or then the OK Select as Wallpaper of HOME to the as wallpaper the On the the to the Then wallpaper of HOME to the wallpaper to the to attached, them to the of selecting photo the You from to You JPEG and RAW You USB or memory photo rated the its To that rated with the Bridge, the to follow the below. the that to Press the to the the or then the OK or Right R41A0K180
Select the the or with that rating or higher displayed. to follow the and then displayed other than JPEG and RAW the Highlight to as the Press the to the as the or then the OK using the To the Dont as The activated when the AC connected. the of You from Photoshop products the and while representation. To the the software. the software" R41A0K180
supported. the the following location. Click (or EPSON, USB Applications: USB Photoshop to the that to the the USB cover and the USB to the Then the other of the USB to the USB (Standard-A) USB Select USB the the or then the OK Select USB the or then the OK automatically. finished, the USB the and the About the From the the the functions the below. R41A0K180
the rating Enhanced Playback Sound back sound Copy/Move Copies/Moves or such as retouching, RAW processing, rotating locking the and Sort the of the Prints photo Wallpaper and as Screen LCD, showing as showing and to HOME to the HOME or Copy/Move Copies/Moves or such as locking the and Sort the of the from back from the the of the This as the currently as the to the LCD Brightness and whether or to the of the Wallpaper and of R41A0K180
to HOME to the HOME or appear when the which R41A0K180
Chapter Creating Custom You from this without to the to PictBridge You following the flows from to them to of The the following of the the of and If to to photo, to first. You three items of or You the following of as PNG created Photoshop. PNG containing information. R41A0K180 Creating Custom
MB Not including animated To follow the below. On the the or then the OK Select the or then the OK Select New using the or then the OK the text to as finished the then the OK Select the text then the OK the appears, the OK To follow the below. (PNG Copy the to the To from the to the Computer" Select the then the OK To and of the and then this the to the each R41A0K180 Creating Custom
On the the or then the OK If the follow the instructions the Select the the or then the OK Custom You and them "Creating Custom Print" Crop and You them and then and of Custom You the photo. You thumbnail of Creating Custom Selecting Select Custom from the the the and the OK to You and then You of of Custom Print" R41A0K180 Creating Custom
the to the to then the OK You JPEG or RAW appears, the and then the and OK to proceed. existing and manually and then them. Select the or using the or then the OK to the R41A0K180 Creating Custom
If choose the item to the Additions or RAW Additional the or then the OK The following items Brightness, Contrast, Saturation, Sharpness, Reduction, White and Contrast. items that JPEG and RAW Also, items and Once each OK the then the OK to to the Select the or then the OK with the or RAW Processing If to the retouched OK or Processing then the OK If to Additional or Custom then to appears, the and then the and OK to proceed. The edited with the the following "PRINT" The RAW and JPEG R41A0K180 Creating Custom
to or RAW edited other software You You using or On the the the or then the OK Aspect the aspect ratio the or the to the The indicated the following to the Aspect: or the the and the using the Press the to the Aspect: the the or and the the or Right and the the You the with the You switch and Right with the that operated previously. You the following the this and selecting the the aspect the and finished the the OK R41A0K180 Creating Custom
photo with displayed the If to the photo, OK then the OK If to Additional then to the the Select displayed. The edited with the the following "PRINT" the the background and On the Select the using the or then the OK The the or the the and the using the Press the to the If the of the rotated than the of the the reduced to the of the You the with the wheel You switch and Left/Right with the that operated previously. R41A0K180 Creating Custom
Press the to the background and Background Select the background the Select the Select the You reduce, and the finished the the OK with the displayed the If to the photo, OK then the OK If to Additional then to The edited with the the following "PRINT" Reduce/Enlarge: to their R41A0K180 Creating Custom
the appears whether or to as Select and the OK to the and as The on-screen appears and the template the and or the USB and the AC to the *USB R41A0K180 Creating Custom
the other of the USB to the the *USB (Standard-A) the the location of the the the USB from the when operating with or the connected to the interface. The become If detected, the On the then the OK The detected, and the appears. the of Prints the of the of to R41A0K180 Creating Custom
the of to whether or to the when the photo the the corrected and then printed. the the as the to If the include information, the of the printed. the and the this function Press the OK to of Custom Select of Custom from the the Select the to using the With this function to created Press the OK to Select from the the the the OK and the R41A0K180 Creating Custom
Select the to the and the of the then the OK the JPEG, RAW. Select the Press the OK to Select from the the the to the of then the OK the the OK and the the and the to the the boxes of to the JPEG, RAW. Press the OK to R41A0K180 Creating Custom
You to the from the the software recommended to from the to the the software, the to the "Connecting the to the about the software, the from Music. Within the or from/to Music. If to from memory cards, then the OK The played to the the Format M4A AAC (MPEG4) MP3 MP3 (MPEG1/2/2.5 Without copyright protection. The MB to tracks). played back the the R41A0K180
Starting back the or from the of the previously played track. This function to search. Selecting the Select the using the or then the OK or Right Select the or then the OK or Right to playback the or then the OK or Right You search selecting the items the following using the Select the top of the to include items the Track Track Track Track Track "Creating the Select to them from Select the the then the OK to playback. R41A0K180
Select the using the or then the OK Select the or then the OK You from the of the previously played track. operations while Operation OK Played From from playback and to the the Left/Right back/forward. and Pressing and holding the Left/Right rewinds/fast-forwards the The information the ID3 (the of track, and displayed. The ID3 to and to characters and Press the to the and the following items the and the OK Played From from Music: to the without the playback. R41A0K180
or Normal to the playback and the Select To once One track repeatedly repeatedly Playback Select To Normal the You the Press the to the Select then the the or and the OK as follows: Normal Custom If Custom the OK to R41A0K180
Selecting Custom allows to the of each the then the OK to from the Press the to the category. Select to the and the then the OK the appears, using the or then the OK to Creating the Not only the software, them the Press the to the category. Select to the or then the OK Select New the or then the OK R41A0K180
The on-screen appears. Select using the then the OK to input the selected To the input, the To the operation, using the then the OK the the then the OK Select to include the the and the If to the to include the Playlist, the and Select Press the OK to To tracks to created Select the instead of New To Playlist/remove from To Playlist, the Playlist, the then this You from the as them from the If the from Playlist, they from the from the from the R41A0K180
To track of created the track of the to the of. Select of which to the to Press the to the then the the or then the OK to About the From the the the the below. to to Playlist/Creates Playlist. the playback LCD, appear when the which R41A0K180
Chapter You and copying or the sound to the the The the following from To the the then the OK further operations, the and the OK The following shows of each Info. the firmware Capacity CF/SD memory and the HDD with of and Music. the The R41A0K180
Backlight the which the off and the LCD there operations. You the from Select NTSC or PAL to the TV of the or TV to connected to the to that previously backed from memory the of the which the there operations. To You the from the which the there operations, to the battery. You the from Screen the which the appear there operations, to the battery. You the from whether or to the to the EXIF information. Unsupported whether displayed or the the information of the unknown. Select or RGB to RAW RAW displayed, from and only RAW from whether or to the the memory or the USB the You the backed option. Completion Sound Select or of the four sounds to announce the of to or to continuously. the such as scenery or playback. R41A0K180
Effects of the effects. The with the selected Sound Turns on/off the sound operation. LCD LCD Brightness the brightness of the LCD. the the or and and the and Choose of If the to existing or These effective the the VIDEO the to switch the You the Duration from to seconds. the which played the You of three from the playlist, or from the playlist. whether or to the clock the Clock Select ON or OFF to or off the operation sound. the playback of and or LCD Custom the and other items. R41A0K180
Chapter TV A/V The A/V You shows and the to such as TV, that input Follow the instructions below to or TV. the the to the of TV. about the the AV to the TV. Then the other of the AV to the the TV to input from the The LCD off when AV to the and the top and information R41A0K180 TV
Chapter Cleaning the To the operating its should thoroughly the to the to then follow these to turn off cleaning. clean, cloth to the of or cleaners. If necessary, the with cloth. the Battery the the cover as shown below. R41A0K180
the the the of the arrow the the clicks and the cover and to the clicks. Charging the the battery, the AC The charged. that the the AC when the Doing the to R41A0K180
the AC as shown below, then the other Charge The Charge lights the charged, the Charge off. It about hours to charge the battery when the off, the The charging the becomes when operating that charging when cools If the Charge lights "Troubleshooting" the that the turned off. the AC connected. the cover. the while turned Doing the or HDD to or R41A0K180
the catch The the battery, then the cover. Warning: R41A0K180
Chapter Troubleshooting or appears the LCD. to the following section to the the Access off, then the memory and to there occurred to copied. the the There with the or as FAT32. from the Please the the to the and the following the "Formatting the If this the the to authorized service (The the Repairs chargeable and covered of the following. The USB connected correctly. Standard-A. The with the used. with PictBridge. and the cools The Charge the battery. "Charging the battery" Press the the to to the R41A0K180 Troubleshooting
The What to The incorrectly. that the correctly. "Charging the battery" The "Troubleshooting" and charge the battery. The Charge lights What to The battery the the The becomes Turn off the the AC charging and than then the AC to The Charge lights and playback What to The of or the the or to access. R41A0K180 Troubleshooting
The displayed What to The or selected supported. The Copy the The LCD Brightness too the and the LCD Brightness properly. The connected to the Disconnect the to the LCD. There too to the The information What to The information with the the with software. The displayed clearly or abruptly What to The of the too high. the the You and with the software. the or the and the supported. Also, the of the trying to You and and with the software. the and switch to switching the "Switching the the from the R41A0K180 Troubleshooting
Sound off when the or played What to The of the too high. the about the about the You and and with the software. sound when played What to The of the supported. the and the about the You and with the software. the the What to The deactivated the switch to the existing What to The the the switch to If the switch back to the the correctly to Alternatively, the the R41A0K180 Troubleshooting
What to The the HDD to of the the memory or the The the Copy as the USB the USB What to The locked. Alternatively, the existing the or locked. increase the of the What to without the software the the the the completely, capacity of the increased. as What to The If the then to the the HDD, reduce the of to from the memory or to the correctly to Alternatively, the the the AC to the USB Alternatively, that the connected the AC correctly. "Protecting or and the to the to the the or "Trash" (Macintosh). R41A0K180 Troubleshooting
What to The supported. to Print" and that PictBridge. The off. Turn the The USB connected correctly. and the to the The to The RAW that processed. the EPSON RAW The What to The tone of the LCD from that of the the and operations the the with thin as shown below. using the such as the of the or the of the LCD the R41A0K180 Troubleshooting
Formatting the You of the from the the to to or memory the AC to the Turn the while holding the OK and Select using the or then the OK the four using the and OK then the OK to finish. the appears, the or then the OK appears indicating that formatting off the R41A0K180 Troubleshooting
Customer Contacting Customer Contacting If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased Customer to them the following information: Product (The usually the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with North America the technical services below. and to You and and troubleshooting or with R41A0K180 Customer
to (U.S.), or to through and hours of to without or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product of purchase (such as and of purchase of the other software the that software technical information. Purchase and Accessories You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or Warranty information to EPSON Customer wishes to with high of service. to the following information: R41A0K180 Customer
Dont that often and The should the first they often and easily as as the to URL Access the World Worth the The information and technical as to to the and operating products and where the or service located. of The to the information when The information the the This information includes type of operating and information required. Sources of information, and services from World Information specifications, (FAQ), and Technical R41A0K180 Customer
with the following the and information Product or service and warranty Thailand information, and services World Information specifications, Frequently (FAQ), and with the following the and information Product or service and warranty information, and services Service District City information, and services R41A0K180 Customer
World Information specifications, (FAQ), through and information Technical Service 3A/B Phone/Fax: IIB Natour Phone: HSBC Phone/Fax: R41A0K180 Customer
MTC P7-8 JI. To technical as as other services, to Limited. established both Chinese and English the to with the following information: Product information to of World Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: Phone: information, and services World Information specifications, R41A0K180 Customer
(FAQ), through (M) Head Office. and information (Infoline) services warranty, and technical information, and services World Information specifications, and products Head Office Offices: Telephone R41A0K180 Customer
Location Telephone Cochin NA Service, Product info or to (9AM 9PM) This Toll-free Service (CDMA Users) (9AM 6PM) STD the To technical as as other services, users to the Corporation the telephone and and below: World Information specifications, (FAQ), and (Phone: with the following the R41A0K180 Customer
and information Product or service and warranty R41A0K180 Customer
Technical Specifications and P-6000 G971A) U.S. EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR22 Class UL CSA C22.2 EMC Directive 2004/108/EC Australian EMC AS/NZS CISPR22 Class AC A351H) U.S. UL60950-1 CSA C22.2 EMC CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR22 Class EN Class EN EN with AC EN with AC R41A0K180 Technical Specifications
Directive 2006/95/EC EMC Directive 2004/108/EC Australian AS/NZS EMC AS/NZS CISPR22 Class Battery D111A) U.S. UL2054 EMC Directive 2004/108/EC Australian EMC AS/NZS CISPR22 Class Specifications LCD inch R-YG-B-EG pitch (R: Red, YG: B: EG: EN EN Class EN EN EN EN Class EN R41A0K180 Technical Specifications
HDD HDD GB) FAT12/16/32 VFAT and to 35C Non-operating: to 60C (without or Non-operating: or Memory CompactFlash memory and V, including MicroDrive), SD memory SD High-Capacity Card, Card Lithium-ion D111A) AC A351H) Battery (when charged) include Charging as Commercially to other memory RS-MMC, Memory Memory PRO Card, and the memory used, the of and other factors. DC (AC DC (Lithium-Ion battery) Rated with the battery) with the AC inches) Width: inches) Depth: inches) Approx. (including the battery) to Non-operating: to hours when the hours when (MPEG4, the headphones) hours when (MP3, using the headphones) R41A0K180 Technical Specifications
Interface USB USB Class) interface A/V ( Headphones CF Card One V) CompactFlash memory and MicroDrive SD Card One SD memory SD High-Capacity Card, and Card Battery Lithium-Ion D111A (H L) V, to 40C the cool when AC A351H AC V, DC V, and High (Standard-A) and High ( R41A0K180 Technical Specifications
About Optional The following options the optional Lithium-Ion D111A) The the which country. B32B81826 R41A0K180 Technical Specifications