XP-200
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the basic features of the Product Locations The EPSON these sections to the and Lights topic: Product The light The and light The button The The B&W The
Product Locations The The light The light Scan the B&W and the topic: the You the of the to to To the from the To the the release and the the without first the release or topic: the these sections to the Product Top Product Product topic: Product
Product Top Sheet Edge cover
Product Product release (beneath) topic: Product Locations topic: Product Locations
The the AC USB topic: Product Locations The off of You the off, increasing the reduces the efficiency. the the OS topic: Product You the software to the the off automatically. Right-click the the and Click the and and Option Information You this the the of which the to off when Click the selected as the OK topic: The
the OS You the software to the the off automatically. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select You this Select the of which the to off when as the Click Apply the topic: The
EPSON EPSON the EPSON You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers to and from anywhere: EPSON and the EPSON EPSON the EPSON topic: Product With EPSON Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or photo and to as the If already when software, www.epson.com/connect to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options EPSON account. topic: EPSON this free Apple and to to EPSON products. EPSON Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or as the www.epson.com/connect to learn about EPSON and the of Download EPSON from the Apple or to the wireless that
from to EPSON topic: EPSON With Account, from Apple or to EPSON wireless You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or If the first EPSON wireless as the EPSON and connected to the network the If already wireless follow these to the wireless that EPSON IP the the IP the of Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and
to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of topic: EPSON Related Network
Loading Loading the type of Loading Loading Loading Loading Capacity EPSON or You of and the the and its the and the
If or the closed. the or and first, the right If of the first and the to the edges. the the too tightly. the back. follow these only the recommended of first, which or top first. the arrow the the instructions.
Loading topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You of and the the and its the and the the
Loading or and first, the right If of the sheets first and the to the the the too tightly. the back. follow these the recommended of first, which the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You this inches
the the and its the and the the to the right them and
Loading Capacity the the too tightly. the back. follow these If of each or the arrow the that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading type to this inches sheets or A4 inches EPSON Bright White EPSON inches
EPSON type to this EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Brochure inches EPSON inches EPSON Quality Self-adhesive EPSON Iron-on Cool of type Based the arrow the two-sided to sheets. topic: Loading You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Sheet count EPSON Bright White inches S041586
count EPSON inches S041809 EPSON inches S041808 S041727 EPSON inches S042181 S042174 EPSON inches S041982 inches S041331 EPSON inches S041062 EPSON inches S041467 inches S041257 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 inches S041067 S042180 S042038 S041271
count EPSON inches S041568 Double-sided EPSON inches S041341 EPSON Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided EPSON Quality A4 inches S041106 EPSON Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading You EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON EPSON Brochure Double-sided EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON inches inches inches inches
or topic: Loading this Select this or Paper/Bright White EPSON Bright White EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Iron-on Cool EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON EPSON Brochure Envelope topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other.
the cover to topic: the Product Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying or the information to or exactly the as Copying or You or black-and-white or or photo the the of the following to copying: To black-and-white or photo, the B&W To or photo, the To black-and-white or the B&W or the seconds. To black-and-white or the B&W or the and the within seconds. The and To the topic: Copying Related topics Loading the Product
From with Selecting or from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the instructions. with with OS Product Related Checking Software You with as these Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting Selecting or Selecting topic: From Select the the or to or
Select the command You to the option the or another command. If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of Select the Quality Option that matches and the to
Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the of the as the You the to Select of the If photo, You type and to the If or with Select the of or as shown the If Select of the options. If to the the button. topic: with Related or Related or You of the options to options or other chosen.
Selecting Advanced the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to turn off to the effects. Red-Eye or red-eye Prints first. of topic: Selecting Select the Advanced to the and and Click the Advanced You the advanced
Select the Quality Select the type of loaded. the type the to the Select the of the loaded. Select to or to or with
Advanced Quality You type and to borderlessly. the Select or as the of or photo. If Select of the advanced options. Select of the options, or off Advanced Quality Advanced topic: with Related or Related or You of the to the of the type and chosen. the with quality. with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and text and graphics with high and graphics with and
Advanced and graphics with high RPM the the topic: Selecting Advanced You of the options to options other chosen. Red-Eye or red-eye High reduce Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the of Black/Grayscale Prints text and graphics or of when Paper/Bright White as the or topic: Selecting Advanced You the the Advanced to the or off software. Brightness and and tones. the selected the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If
Selecting includes with such as to off to the effects. ICM off software the option. You then only software. topic: Selecting Advanced You of and options or the
Selecting To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and options. To both of the software to when to the To of or sheets of the and the options To and their the options. To the of option: To the as the then the necessary) to the amount of If the option the white photo. To the its without as the To to To or the the or checkboxes. topic: with to of You own clicking the the Advanced Click the Shortcuts You the
or option to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with Once selected ready to and Click OK to You such as this
Checking Click OK or to Checking topic: with this showing the of It allows to and
Selecting To To To topic: or the apply while that If to the Right-click the the Select You the
the of the Software Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Right-click the the Select
You the Click the You the options: Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting
with OS software to the software. You often the software or this Right-click the the Select Software You this of the following: To often the software the every To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software Updates You with using OS as these
Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From Select the basic the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the
The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them the options: and If these the them They selecting from the
Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these
Quality OS Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related Selecting OS or OS You of the to the of the type and chosen. the with with reduced Normal and text and graphics with and text and graphics with high and graphics with and and graphics with high
OS Selecting OS RPM the quality, the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected this option the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the
Selecting OS Select the of the as the If the or with option. You to You type and to the Select the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related You of options or selecting from the the
OS To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To invert or the the or topic: with OS You the and to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the options. Select from the the
and OS The the the option selected the Select of the options. and OS topic: with OS You from these the and EPSON using software, or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the using the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. Turns off software software.
Selecting Preferences OS Preferences OS topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences or Scan and Select You this of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the that that text or
or OS when Paper/Bright White as the or temporary Allows to when expended. High reduce quality. Warning Notifications choose whether or to warning from the software when topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS
Checking OS Product the of and Click the when appears the You the Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To To topic: or OS If to the topic: From
Scanning Starting Scan Scan the Product Scan You or and them as Scan Selecting EPSON Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or scanning, using of these Starting Scan the Product Starting Scan the EPSON Scan Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You and as PDF buttons. the software and connected the to You with USB to the buttons. Press the B&W and the the and as PDF Scan topic: Starting Scan You or the when to using the buttons. You this using the
Starting Scan the EPSON Scan of the following to Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or the as necessary. Click OK topic: Starting Scan the Product You the EPSON Scan to and the to Double-click the EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or You EPSON Scan this:
topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan
Scan from Scanning You EPSON Scan from to and the the With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Source option, choose it and With WIA option correctly. You EPSON Scan this:
the instead of the EPSON Scan Select options as necessary. topic: Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan
Selecting EPSON Scan Scan Selecting the Scan EPSON Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning EPSON Scan choice of with of This the type of scanning, selects and You options. You based the type of scanning. You and and Office You and them You options and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Selecting the Scan Select the EPSON Scan to from the the right of the EPSON Scan
Scanning topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You the and options necessary. EPSON Scan and as the You this
To options or the and OK To choose of the options, the the option. To the Click Scan EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Selecting EPSON Scan
Scanning Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You these options EPSON Scan from originals automatically. Restoration the the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the photo when scanned, necessary. (If oriented correctly this option, this option and topic: Scanning EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. EPSON Scan and as the You this
Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination Select this option or the Select this option or to text OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the EPSON Scan and the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the
To the then the Click the and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning You these options EPSON Scan Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics.
Selecting Scan Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as photo inches This of that the to the the Click the to the EPSON Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where
Scanning Office To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The topic: Scanning Office EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. EPSON Scan and Office as the You this
Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where Select the and that match Select the to Click the
Selecting Scan Office EPSON Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Scan Related Selecting Scan Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Office To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the Click each and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options EPSON Scan Office Select the Option to of the grayed-out the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics.
Scanning Professional the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional EPSON Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. EPSON Scan and Professional as the You this
the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source where the type of scanning as the or Select the of and as the the to Click the EPSON Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting EPSON Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Professional Selecting Scan Professional You these options EPSON Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the
Professional To the then the Click the and the EPSON Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options EPSON Scan Professional Not the Click the to Click the or OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light.
Selecting Scan Professional from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only.) Click the histogram to the Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced users only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced users only.) Click the to the Threshold the which text and art delineated, text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to
the EPSON Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The To the or OS X) to the and options as or the Turns or off.
Scan Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of the and selected thumbnail displays as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the preview. Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the preview. topic: Selecting EPSON Scan If to to increase the from the EPSON Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the EPSON Scan's and Professional only), to increase the You the its image-editing Increase EPSON Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select EPSON Scan's based the the to Print/convert to text (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting EPSON Scan You the location, and of the You optional that EPSON Scan when and The appear Scan the EPSON Scan You to the clicking the the EPSON Scan
Scanned and Optional of the following to the which to Click the of the displayed Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting EPSON Scan You from and optional the EPSON Scan. JPEG that highly However, the higher the the the (The Tiff recommended when to or when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT OS
Scanning with OS PRINT II or that include EPSON PRINT Matching II and the the displays the created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the this Select to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. If the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with such as With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and photo correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or editing such as Select EPSON from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. If the If item the
the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary.
Scanning Scanning to PDF the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. topic: Scanning software offers options to Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan topic: Scanning EPSON Scan, and PDF Format) EPSON Scan. Select the to Select the selecting Scan You the
Select PDF as the other to the Click the to Click OK EPSON Scan and this
Choose of the following options the If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the using the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the EPSON Scan necessary. EPSON Scan and the PDF the selected or scanning If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan
Restoring Colors as You Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting EPSON Scan You the as them EPSON Scan's Restoration You this of the Office EPSON Scan offers that scanning. EPSON Scan. Select the to Select the or the Select the Restoration checkbox. selecting Scan Click to the EPSON Scan necessary. EPSON Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Related topics Scan Selecting EPSON Scan
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge Lights expended, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of EPSON responsibly and with If would to to please to www.epson.com/recycle information. Cartridge Purchase EPSON Cartridges and Cartridges Cartridges With Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge Lights Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of the lights If the light You the If the light expended. You the the of the and to temporarily. topic: Cartridge
Checking Cartridge with Related and Cartridges Related topics With Black and Cartridges appears to when and To the the You this or indicated the the of the and to temporarily.
If of the the incompatible with the or improperly installed, EPSON To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
Checking Cartridge with OS the checkbox the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges Related topics With Black and Cartridges You the of of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select EPSON You this
the following as necessary: You the clicking or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly installed, EPSON topic: Cartridge
Purchase EPSON Cartridges Cartridge Related and Cartridges Related topics With Black and Cartridges You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that EPSON and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase and the within months of them. Standard-capacity High-capacity Black 200XL 200XL 200XL 200XL topic: Purchase EPSON Cartridges
and Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn the the head hand; otherwise, the white the Press the If or expended, the head that to the Press the to or identified, the head to the
If or expended, the head If to or expended, the seconds. The head to the the the and the straight to of the or to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of
the it four or the the or the from the the or the the the immediately the the head and to
the from the of the other or or the the and clicks
Cartridges the Press the The head to its and the charging the This about the light flashing and charging finished. turn off the while the light flashing or If the light the head to its or the light flashing properly. Press the then the clicks If or and the If the supply from and and the as the The the to the supply or surrounding with the facing topic: Cartridges Related Purchase EPSON Cartridges You the Cartridge to on-screen instructions This allows to or too
of the following: Right-click the the and Then the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select You of these
With Black and Cartridges Click the Cartridge and follow the instructions to as necessary. topic: Cartridges Related Purchase EPSON Cartridges expended, temporarily from using the as as You with using
With Cartridges With Cartridges OS With Cartridges With Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges If that temporarily with and to or Click Stop or to If the appears another to the the or Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type the Black/Grayscale Click OK EPSON displays Click Black to topic: With Black and Cartridges Related Selecting Printing Product If and to temporarily with or Click the the
If that temporarily with only the to If the appears another to the using the the Apple or the Preferences or Scan and Select You this Select On as the temporary Click OK the or Access the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type
Conserving Black with Select the option. Click to topic: With Black and Cartridges Related Selecting OS Product The following appears when and there The appears only when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected Click to of to or to using the the Click this to using the If this the software. topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the You them them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the buttons
Checking the Press the to the off. sheets of the the and the to the the release both buttons. The the to there the head head cleaning If there the head clean and If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning You the head or sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the
OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select You of these
Click the to there the head head cleaning
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning If and the the head. You clean the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related Head Related topics Cartridges You the head the lights indicating of the the seconds to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished.
Cleaning the Head off the cleaning or to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Head Related topics Cartridges You the head using or of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Head Cleaning You of these
Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the light flashing and to the clean; and the to there the head
Head head cleaning If there If there or the click Clean to clean the head If cleaning the head to turn off the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning
the Head You the head using or sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select Head Click Next then to while head You of these
the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Realignment Then another and Click (where to topic: Head
Cleaning the Path If the back of clean the to sheets of the the to without the the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related topics
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product Transporting Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should the output and when using the to from or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the connected the Clean the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. Clean the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise
the the the head and the from the its this the Turn off the the and to the head the right (the If the the head to then the off the to the with the white the otherwise, the the from the the connected the and
the the release and gently the the without first the release or the its or with cushioning around the the to the from the turning If when clean and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software Product Light these sections to using Checking Software Updates Product Light Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or With software You manually the software selecting Software or Right-clicking the the On the the the EPSON topic: You often with its lights.
Lights Light The light The The light flashing The the light to flashing The light flashing wireless occurred. Press the to connecting The light flashing The light or the the and flashing the B&W or the to clear the The light flashing The light flashing or sheets the and the B&W or the The light to clear the The light or You or which flashing and The light flashing turning off the If and the light flashing the incorrectly. the
Product Light The light or or correctly. or flashing the the of the and to The light temporarily.) The light flashing The the of their service life. (To the B&W or the The light flashing The light flashing The light flashing occurred. Turn the off and then back If the The light flashing The light flashing The light flashing The light firmware occurred. The light The light topic: Related Cartridge Related references Where to Related topics Loading Cartridges With Black and Cartridges operating properly. Press the to the off. interface connected to
the the and the to the the release both buttons. The the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the clean or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to these sections while Software topic: If hear from the following: The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the finished the head when the light flashing.
Software Network If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: Related topics Cartridges If while software, these and the USB securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Check these or or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that own or and Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network
Product to Wireless Router or Access Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network Network topic: If or connecting to wireless router or these If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the light the the within of the WPS router. the the seconds. to within of router or microwave or such as that router or operating correctly connecting to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security using and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. topic: Network
Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network If these turned and connected to using If necessary, software and try topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the light the the within of the WPS router. the the seconds. If connecting the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network If these that turned software as network and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If and the strength. If to router or
Scan Network microwave or such as If the Protected (WPS) and the light the the within of the WPS router. the the seconds. If the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Network If EPSON Scan these If high If while EPSON Scan, EPSON Scan, seconds, and If EPSON Scan turn off turn back and restarting EPSON Scan the and the EPSON Scan Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then click the the option selected as the Timeout the EPSON Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or
Network Sheet Product Nothing Product It While topic: Network Related topics Scanning You sheet to the of To the the the the shown the to topic: Network these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. If the the light software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying
these sections with Ejection topic: If feeding these If feed Then the the right and beneath the the the of the that the the arrow the If once, the the to the and If when or sheets, try sheets than the recommended of If when both of the follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with punched Follow instructions that with the topic: Related Loading Capacity Related topics Loading If with try these the from necessary.
Ejection from the and sheet Press the B&W or the to If the lights with the Press the to turn the off. the the and torn the and the to the back follow instructions when topic: Related topics Loading If with ejecting properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related or
from Nothing Prints Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from Nothing Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the Click and Devices and Right-click what's necessary, right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and
Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: from Related Product If the first try restarting If that this of the following: Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the or Click the Preferences Click the Shortcut Click OK to the topic: from If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the allowing to the If the head the the to to the and the replaced, to the its Complete the
topic: from Related topics Cartridges If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and Clear or to existing using when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the or and the following High RAW as topic: from Related or
and Inverted Too Related Selecting Selecting OS these sections with the or of Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, try these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options when EPSON Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS that the or software
Incorrect Margins Printout topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting
Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Selecting OS Related topics Loading If these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software. the to the amount of the of topic: and Related Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the Click and and Right-click what's necessary, right-click the and
Incorrect or Printout Click and Click and Sound right-click right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If connected to USB directly to instead. topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Related topics Loading If these the the of the Select higher software. the head. the while or
Quality White or Printout topic: and Related Head Related Selecting Advanced Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with quality, White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: Related topics Scanned Quality If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality
Blurry or Smeared Printout Related Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Advanced Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Cartridges If or smeared, these curled, or the (the should with or the EPSON to and absorption of EPSON the type software matches the type of loaded. each from the output as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the
Printout or Printout topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related EPSON Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading If or try these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or facedown the (the should the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head
Printout Incorrect Colors Related Selecting Selecting OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading Cartridges If these the of the the Select higher and off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software topic: Quality Related Head Related Selecting Advanced Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary.
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as using the options software. EPSON and topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related EPSON Related Selecting Advanced OS Related topics Cartridges these with Scanning Software Not Correctly EPSON Scan topic: If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, try With OS or to with and EPSON Scan scanning software. EPSON Scan
EPSON Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related If EPSON Scan, try these and interface securely connected both EPSON Scan selected power-saving such as or If and EPSON Scan. the and the EPSON Scan Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of EPSON Scan If both and If operating EPSON Scan, With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS
Scanned Quality Consists of Only Related topics Starting Scan these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Upside-Down Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: Related topics Quality If consists only of these facing the If using the EPSON Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related references Office Professional
of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Related the If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related the If appears or blurry, try these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these EPSON Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality
Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Appear Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If thick or cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these EPSON Scan and Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the screen and halftone To reduce this these EPSON Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality
Scanned Upside-Down Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan the This the the and other features, and then correctly the when scanned, necessary. If oriented correctly using this option, the and topic: Scanned Quality Related Scanning Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK and the and of and the software to they affecting the of To the these EPSON Scan and the and with combinations of the the Tone Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting EPSON Scan If the while EPSON Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality
Scanned Cropped to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software Related Related Selecting Scan Selecting Scan Office Selecting Scan Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related the If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. the
Uninstalling Product Software OS of the following to EPSON then follow instructions: or Select and and Uninstall and Uninstall/Change XP Double-click or and Change/Remove of the following to EPSON Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: or Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the Uninstall from the to software as If that software To the Uninstall the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the Uninstall currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the sheet instructions.
Where to If the and the or Scan and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Specifications Scanning Specifications Specifications Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these operating Microsoft XP Professional Edition XP SP3 www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications
Specifications Scanning Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications top Sheet Approximately sheets topic: Technical Specifications Related Loading Capacity type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS Effective inches Scanning US or A4
Specifications to and internal Light LED topic: Technical Specifications Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Single-sheets A4 inches and distributed Thickness to inch to to inches inches A6 inches A5 B5 inches inches inches inches inches
Printable Specifications to inches to topic: Technical Specifications the expanded inch inch Right: inch inch
Cartridge Specifications inch inch inch Right: inch topic: Technical Specifications that EPSON and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Black Cartridge months Unopened the the
Specifications Specifications to to within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related Cartridge Height inches inches inches (without topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to (UPS) to Rated Rated to month thaws and hours inches inches inches
Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications copying: (ISO/IEC24712) Ready topic: Technical Specifications to to to RH (non-condensing) to RH topic: Technical Specifications Interface type USB computers) topic: Technical Specifications LAN IEEE Wireless security WEP Communication off to to month WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES); WPA2 with WPA/WPA2
and Specifications Wireless LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation WLU6117-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from non-recommended of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the licensed service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications EMC: FCC Class EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices FCC these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products FCC Software Notices Copyright Notice United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Software Notices This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. topic: Notices OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE LICENSE This includes software Section to the of each software the of the GPL LGPL and (each Section the of of this If to the please the of You with the terms of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written The terms of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL base-passwd-3.5.7
module-init-tools-3.2pre1 mount-2.12 GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL This includes the software which apply the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the
This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes the software which the of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD The of BSD mount-2.12 RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC The of RPC TCP Wrappers This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the "TCP Wrappers". This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the
This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and owner of the copyright to the ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the terms and of the copyright to the "ARC4". This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the MD5 This includes the software "MD5" which the and of the copyright to the MD5 AES This includes the software "AES" which the terms and of the copyright to the "AES". SHA1 This includes the software "SHA1" which the and of the copyright to the "SHA1". topic: Notices EPSON and EPSON TM and EPSON of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices
Copyright Notice Software Acknowledgment rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as EPSON Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted EPSON Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics.
Concerning of Copyrighted EPSON Products Copyright Attribution THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each user to and of the copyright when using EPSON While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of The the factory to that the of efficiency, and the topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-36499R2 topic: Copyright Notice