Instructions Thank purchasing this this to this and correctly. To allow to unknown quickly, this information hand. that the and correctly, this and the to to the or to others and the of to property. The indications and their meaning as follows. them properly reading the This information that, possibly Warning death or to incorrect If of the following immediately the USB and or service or sound from the Water or the The or the fire. to the to the yourself. service the or the fire or of top of the If the fire or other the fire the locations with high such as sunlight or the outlet of or heater. The to heat, the internal of the affected, or fire or the locations with high or locations where become such as or near bath or shower. the the when the LED This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect Warning
heavy the It or the to the foot. The causing to the of the the location, such as or The or causing the of the both If release the completely, the head causing or the where to The or causing the high-voltage or of The properly. cleaning the the USB to Precautions the locations where to greasy or such as cooking or or or locations. the sunlight or near heaters. the locations where to of touch the with The clear there or from the the or when the to the USB cleaning the the with cloth. such as thinner or the the carrying the to with the USB the properly USB used. the the USB that with the or the or the where to greasy or tobacco or locations.
Items the following to that of the items. If chance there or please USB with only) (this ELPDC06 Soft carrying ArcSoft Application software ELPDC06 The Soft carrying included when the together with Product Compact This and light, easy to and areas. You the directly to selected of USB This of and other to compatibility.) Computer You and when the with Connecting easy the included USB
and Functions Top/Side/Rear Function head the head to of or from Foot the foot the of the when the or the to the height of the head. Security The security with the MicroSaver security Press the to the light the and the displayed the Press the to the and to off the light. Press the to the The that approximately inches) or from the Press the to the Press the to turn the LED and off. [Source Search] the USB the from the selected. connected to the the [Source Search] repeatedly the to shown. This function when the connected to Press the to reduce the
This when from or USB (type B) This to the to or using the USB Head Function Turn this to the displayed This the LED Turn this when there enough light
Connecting to to the to the USB that with the information the that connected, the with the Procedure the foot, and then the and the head. While holding the head, the arm. C the and the height to the The properly USB used. the directly to the to the of the the to the foot. the causing release the head the The head Warning the when the LED
To using the the USB to the USB (type A) the the Connecting to through information connecting to Connecting to to of Printed and Other Procedure the to directly the or the to the and the buttons to or reduce the C Press the to the If to the the
Action or from Whiteboard Procedure Connecting to to To the to the included ArcSoft Application software ELPDC06. the software the to the and the to Turn the head to action or from whiteboard or If to the the
the ArcSoft Application software ELPDC06 This section to the when connected to the following otherwise noted, used. However, the when the Software the following the software: that currently the software. users of the software as with rights. the the operating the software. Procedure the CD-ROM the to the ArcSoft Application software ELPDC06. the C Follow the instructions to the software. the appears, ELPDC06 clear the ELPDC06 the Follow the instructions to the software. the and the appears the
Turn the the CD-ROM the C Double-click the "ArcSoft Application software ELPDC06" the EPSON the appears, ELPDC06 clear the ELPDC06 the Follow the instructions to the software. the If ELPDC06 the buttons when the connected to
Uninstalling the Software Procedure Click or or "Uninstall and the ArcSoft Application software ELPDC06. From "Applications", the ArcSoft Application software ELPDC06 Displayed the connected to and as Procedure the to the USB of and the ArcSoft Application software ELPDC06. Click ArcSoft Application software ELPDC06. Double-click the Applications of the which ArcSoft Application software ELPDC06 and then the "ArcSoft Application software ELPDC06" The appears. Click
C The appears. the below the This consists of the and the the the to or To to the the If the connected, appear the the to the and the Right-click the to with the following "Preview": Right-click then to the the type of selected, the or You to the editing this option Right-click then to the information. Information, such as the location, and type of displayed. Right-click then to the the where the "Refresh the that to the reflected the
the Compatible only to the Switches to the the and and the and the the to the To the the or the and the each this clicked. or the the or and displays the or currently selected the where to the the selected as the selected the selected from the the when the selected. the that the to the To recording, this button. The recording displayed the
Editing Procedure the ArcSoft Application software ELPDC06. Click (or ArcSoft Application software ELPDC06. The appears. Click C The appears and the displayed. The editing includes functions to and and the edited to To to the the This consists of the and the workspace To switch the of the the arrow the the editing Switches to the the brightness, and Brightness the of the when the Increases and the of characters and the outline of the clearer. This function displayed Enlarge/reduce and reduces the Rotation the
the to right. action or the action the of the selected photo. the displayed the the and height of the photo or Aspect Ratio". of Specify or using the Once the specified, the surrounding become and the recorded the selected and the to the playback. Editing the of the recorded Snapshot from of the to their The the selected such as type and the the the as the previous with the The
appears that the USB connected properly and that the The of that the of the too to the The to the following Press the light and repeated such as and bright background with the ArcSoft Application software ELPDC06 The to that the USB securely, and The found. The another or connected. that the connected and properly, then try The found or properly. Please and Where To If or the when or the the service that indicated the with the with the then the If or other than the connected, that the USB connected securely, and then the
Technical Specifications Unit Specifications Interface USB (type B) USB (W10.2 D3.0 H15.3 (W10.2 D3.0 H2.4 to to +35C to 95F) to +6C to 140F) Specifications connected to XGA connected to White The USB USB operation of guaranteed. connected to UXGA
Software The software to the following Compatible operating XP SP2 or later/Windows OS (Apple or CPU or higher or higher G5 or Core Memory MB or MB or of SVGA or higher of Corporation. Microsoft, and or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and/or other countries. Macintosh, and of Apple Inc. ArcSoft of ArcSoft Company. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those ArcSoft Application software ELPDC06. ArcSoft, Inc. rights
DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers Inc. Located Airport MS: CA responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following EPSON of Product: ELPDC06 FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or
WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes exingences WARNING: This chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights