capacity USB or Ethernet connectivity feeding Highest its high-capacity each with Prints to discs/hour Compact top Network and Network security The right choice professional CD/DVD Whether to and or to easy-to-use the Its of business from service and photographers to government, and business. to With its and of high performance, throughput and top reliability. Its with feeding which and everything from the front of the easy and Best-in-class features built-in with the highest its with clear, and graphics. with of high-capacity software as Discproducers easy-to-use Software includes selection, and publishing the the Publish and Bridge Software and Network easy The Network with Ethernet connectivity. It includes LCD to publishing and to access. Network security protects and The Network Security information. With PIN authorized to ID and published with Security each authorized released to and Count and with advanced and the features to every of backed and industry-leading service.
Publishing CD to discs/hour, CD-R (burn and MB writing DVD to discs/hour, specified DVD-R GB writing Publishing Production of to of Batch Production of to Production of to CDs/DVDs, through front PIN/Security Production of to Specifications to discs/hour, bidirectional Quality to discs/hour, bidirectional Quality life** Approximately Cartridge type Colors yellow, light light or CD/DVD CD/DVD Writing CD: DVD-R, DVD+R: DVD-R DL, DVD+R DL: Supported CD-R, DVD-R, DVD+R, DVD-R DL, DVD+R DL inches inches Height inches AC and USB Network inches inches inches AC Approximately including and AC Network Approximately including and AC Software and Network include and Software; Network include OS: SPI or XP SP2 or SP4 or CPU: or higher, Memory: MB or GB or HDD capacity: GB or GB or or Graphic XGA or or Sound sound and Network Includes and Network Security Includes and encrypted Interface (PP-100) USB (High-speed) Network (PP-100N) Warranty warranty information to Authorized Cartridge based printed, type, of and amount of the the with and of the from the first the information about Inc. Airport CA Inc. rights and and the and of Corporation. other the property of their respective owners. Specifications to without SD-DSDISCPH The to become and about Based month, based such factors as printed, type, of and