cover front cover (closed) shield plate interface tractor front cover front release thickness to of or the without reloading. If the cut-sheet both as to sheets of ordinary single-sheet and with the high-capacity cut-sheet to Used with the other tractor, and reduces the chance of This Allows to with 8.5-inch that with to easily sheets, including from the front EPSON EPSON
EPSON You optional interface to built-in interface and compatibility. The EPSON interface the below with EPSON ESC/P and IBM High-speed EPSON LQ LQ Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected software commands. inch or 1/360-inch Printable Interfaces bidirectional, interface with IEEE-1284 and optional interface Friction (front or top Continuous inches/second capacity Optional high-capacity cut-sheet to of to or to to 64KB graphics: entry) (front, or entry) and tractor (optional) High-capacity cut-sheet (optional) (optional) 1/6-inch cut-sheet to of
Character and graphical character graphical character countries) Character international character and character head) MTBF POH duty) Height inches and EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON OCR-B EPSON EPSON Orator-S EPSON C Scalable EPSON (every EPSON EPSON EPSON (every EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET head inches inches Ribbon Black and top to inches to High-capacity cut-sheet to inches to cut-sheet to inches to and top to inches to High-capacity cut-sheet to inches to cut-sheet to inches to EPSON EPSON Black life: characters (LQ, dots/character) life: characters (LQ, dots/character)
EPSON Thickness to inch to to inch to to to sheet to to to inches to to inches to to Thickness to inch to to to the top of inches inches Thickness to inch to to to and top: to inches to to inches to to inches to to inches to to inches to Thickness inch to inches to to inches to to Thickness to inch to Perforated to inch to to to to or both (front, or rear entry) EPSON The should securely together the and right should from the and completely through sheets. The ratio of the the perforation should and The perforation should the to the of the At the perforation the and perforation should The thickness of the perforation when should or inches inch to inches to to inches to thickness to inch to thickness to inch to inch Thickness to inch to Weight to to the The to the of the
the The to the of the UL CSA C22.2 EMI FCC CSA C108.8 EPSON EPSON
EPSON EN EMI EN (CISPR AS/NZS Acoustic (A) (ISO Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC Selects the Indicate which selected. Turns and off. On when Advances to the tear-off from the tear-off to the top-of-form Selects cut-sheet when the cut-sheet and the release the the to and EPSON when the tear-off when of the optional cut-sheet selected. when of the optional cut-sheet selected. when the the off, flashing when Ejects or to the top-of-form when Loads of Ejects of when loaded. from the to the the seconds, the the this the and buttons to the top-of-form or tear-off temporarily, and when seconds, On when the Flashes when the the or when the head overheated. On when the selected or correctly. Flashes when ejected or occurred.
You the lights the If and or lights or flashing, or the the following to and the The EPSON with the with or NT It allows to when and troubleshooting instructions. The top-of-form where the sheets or Continuous the tear-off when the perforation with the tear-off You easily tear off this Continuous the when it attached to the tractor the EPSON EPSON
EPSON The of and This section the from the top, front, or rear. You choose from tractor and and three (front, and rear) This section which and tractor If often to tear off sheets of purchase or to the tractor. This allows to the tear-off to easily tear off sheets of the perforation. the tractor, from the without the from the tractor. The tractor the when the shipped. If often thick or heavy such as or with the The tractor the and allows to from the front, rear, or of the the tear-off with the tractor. You the front, or with the tractor. EPSON You feeding and reduce using tractors the This helpful and high-quality graphics.
You ordinary from the top or front of the with already the tractor. You ordinary sheets, or the top the top only. You ordinary sheets, single-sheet or the front the release to the to The below each release EPSON EPSON
EPSON The thickness allows the to thicknesses of You of the to the the following to the thickness to match the thickness of EPSON You of to (the to the thickness to the based the of layers with straight or straight path. It to using the front or and the tractor. the thickness the ordinary only that mounted sheets with tractor to sheets the properly feed Continuous with straight or straight path. to the the and the the front or You the ordinary the thickness to
To off the sheet and the follow these when with from the tear off the fresh supply of the perforation the the to the from the using the tractor, the information when to the tractor, Paths instructions the and the To the from the follow these from the tractor. Turn off the the holding both and it Press the tractors the tractor and of the If the to and the (as the tractor using the tractor. To the the follow these the turned off. the holding both and the tractor the mounting and both of the to that seated. You ready to the tractor. If instructions, the EPSON EPSON
EPSON the tractor the thick and heavy such as or with the tear-off with the tractor. thick straight to should the front or when using the tractor. To further reduce the chance of and the performance of tractors this the both and tractor. To the the or purchase the optional (C800201). To the tractor, Removing the tractor To tractor the follow these the turned off. the cover and off the the each of the and the and off the the EPSON the tractor the mounting and both of the to seated. You ready to the tractor. If instructions, the To the from the follow these the tractor. Turn off the Then the cover and the and off the Press the tractors the and off the the or the
the lowering the mounting Then both of the clicks the and the cover. Then the cover. The top-of-form where the the If appears too high or follow the below to the to the top-of- the turned If necessary, as If the tractor, the to the to the top-of-form the and off the the about seconds. The light flashing and the the Press the to the top-of-form the or the to the top-of-form the To the top-of-form the tractor, the following inch the perforation; then the that the with the top of the cover. This 0.33-inch the meaning the inch below the perforation. If inch the perforation, 0.37-inch the the top-of-form the to EPSON EPSON
EPSON If the tractor, the tear-off to to the tear-off when You then easily tear off the the the back to the top-of-form the normally You the tear-off manually the or turning the tear-off If the perforation with the tear-off the of the perforation the that the Tear lights flashing. Then the The Tear lights flashing and the to the tear- off To to the tear- off to the tear-off and the the instructions, tear-off the to the tear-off when the of or If the perforation with the tear-off the to the perforation to the tear-off Follow the below. the Tear lights flashing (the the tear-off If necessary, the to the to the tear-off EPSON the cover. the about seconds. The light flashing and the the Press the to feed the backward, or the to feed the the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the to off the Tear off the the back to the top-of-form and Turn off the If sheet of the the cover. If from the the the If the tear off the supply the perforation the Turn the from to the the of tear-off
the necessary, and the cover. Then the cover. Turn the the and lights off. While often the through software or to from the the The below the and options this Follow the below to the and the and the turned off. While holding the the The the and the selection instructions. If to the the Font lights the as the selection instructions. Press the to selection and the If to to If to of the the to the instructions (three the selected. Follow these instructions to the using the buttons the off the and the The them If that the properly the bidirectional to this and the turned off. EPSON EPSON
EPSON While the the It the bidirectional then instructions and the first of the instructions, the and the with the Follow the instructions to the of and the with the each the the of off the and the bidirectional selections automatically. the whether the or the causing You the using or and the turned off. To the using the the while the to the To the using the the while the the of however, the than the seconds, the the and the of characters printed. To the the to and the to the Then off the If the satisfactory, the properly and the from or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the EPSON If or to isolate the and software the from the as You sheets or and the turned off. To both the and buttons while the software and to the the If characters they appear the right as ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as the characters the right with the of the the the receiving. To the to and the to the Then off the
To operating its should thoroughly Follow these the and off. the from the then the interface from the the If or optional to and from the and If the outer or it with cloth with the cover and the top of the to from the If to it the and as below. the and off. the from the then the interface from the the If tractor If options them and them their boxes. that the head Then the the the protective locking both of the Then the the tractor that with the the and the and them the EPSON Reference EPSON EPSON This TM-LQ570e EPSON Service EPSON EPSON EPSON
EPSON EPSON