IMPORTANT NOTICE of and thick. If they them or to them and the instead. If through the STOP to the cover without the first.
TELEPHONE INFORMATION This with of the FCC On the of this that other information, the FCC and (REN) this You this information to telephone telephone or to the such The REN to the of to telephone and those when telephone called. areas, the of the of connected to should To of the of to as the REN, should to the REN If telephone to the telephone the service temporarily. If they isnt as as You of right to with the FCC. telephone its operations, or that the functioning of If they to opportunity to telephone service. If with this please the authorized service agency information service or The telephone that this from the the bean corrected or that the malfunctioning. protection the of shock, from the outlet servicing, or the This service the telephone connected to Hearing The telephone with this hearing Emergency and/or to Emergency the and to the the reason the the off-peak hours, such as early morning or
THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS AND UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. ME DURATION OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHAN- TABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ON YOUR EPSON PRO- DUCT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE OF THE EXPRESS WARRANTY SET FORTH ABOVE. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL. INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. To the Authorized or Customer EPSON AMERICA, INC. LIMITED WARRANTY What Covered: America. Inc. warrants that the with this Warranty and purchased and the United States to the and from workmanship and of from the of purchase. What To Correct Should EPSON this please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer its option, or the without or This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States. warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to property or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and service other than Authorized Servicer, or the of such as and/or or incurred warranty service responsibility. allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to or write to: America, Inc. P.O. CA
FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS This and and and properly that with the instructions, interference to and reception. It type tested and found to comply with the Class computing with the specifications of of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and to to the interference or of the following the the with to the the from the the outlet that the and branch If necessary, or You the following the helpful: This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington, DC IMPORTANT NOTICE: DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY America or warranties, or implied, or with to this and warranties of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to COPYRIGHT NOTICE rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information While every the of this publication, America responsibility or from the of the information Further, this and the features to without TRADEMARKS of Corporation. Copyright Inc. California Interference
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat This should built This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding-type third This type This If to the the to the of the grounding type this where the If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the of this through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the and servicing to service the following A. the or or B. If the C. If the to or D. If the normally when the operating instructions only those that covered the operating instructions, of other and often technician to the to operation. E. If the or the F. If the performance, indicating service.
Introduction About This The PriorityFax and telephone that high and with of features. to its and ease of operation, this offers the following High-speed holding to telephone including one-touch and and Three of including to This instructions and operating the Chapter information connecting, and testing the Chapter information the including one-touch and Chapter the as telephone. If the properly or the what Chapter of and recommended Other include information and technical specifications. There of Introduction-1
PriorityFax Used This Where to Customer service products of authorized Customer throughout the United states. Introduction-2 WARNING the Consumer Information the following Customer Technical Information To or purchase or or Notes information and the operation of to to and to that operates correctly.
the PriorityFax Unpacking the the that the items shown below and Telephone PriorityFax Recording Telephone This chapter through the of assembling, and testing the the the to
PriorityFax Choosing the Assembling the WARNING location the following the Select vibration-free the near telephone and grounded WARNING To the the following: the the the and the its the telephone or locations that to sunlight, heat, or using outlets switches or timers. of information the memory. outlets the with or other that might the supply. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones.
Connecting the The first assembling the attaching the to the Connecting the to the Telephone telephone the the front of the telephone and of the cord. to it locked. the other of the to the of the as shown below. that the clicks securely There of and the the To to the following PtiotityFax
of the (the cord) the back of the as shown below. the other telephone (USOC RJ11C). both of the securely If the telephone USOC RJAIX). the the and then the telephone the as shown the below.
telephone the and the offices or Although relatively easy to the to or PBX, that the that organizations telephone and them to the It to the This the hours and from the operations If the connected to to the to the the This the from activated each telephone office. There of the PriorityFax: the holding to and the holding to others. The of the the incoming and You the to the the front of the that incoming or directly the To the and the follow these the the front of with the the from Then the the of the that the the as shown the following the optional. If the base, or the or other the PriorityFax
PriorityFax the the of the and the notches the front of the the the from the the notches the front of the as shown the following
Rear the front of and each of the the the of the as shown below. To the to the base, the of the base. Then the of the these as shown below. This instead of the shown the If to the the the the instead of the front Then the as back as PriorityFax
PriorityFax the the the of the operating to catch incoming or as shown below. The of the the to that to others. To the follow these the the back of the right below the back
the the about to the the from of the the as shown the following If wish, the as-shown below. the with that the fits and securely. The that the outlet grounded and that the as or office that to of of such as and The found Technical Specifications, Chapter the properly grounded You to the or off. should the recording PriorityFax
PriorityFax the Recording Follow these to the recording WARNING Press the button, which located the right of the top of the This the cover. Unwrap the the that the of the from the top of the as shown. The recording heat-sensitive. to high high humidity, sunlight, or become
the the Then inches of from the top of the and the of the the as shown the below. instructions the If the correctly, through the front of the that four inches of from the the recording cover hear click. The then off the Press STOP. The ready STOP to the If the the the recording cover, that the the when the cover. PriorityFax
PriorityFax Copy WARNING The light know when to the approximately four inches of the ADD PAPER light this, the and follow the instructions to the of PriorityFax the function. You that than inches follow the instructions below. this as temporary only. If to to the Turn the to the type of recording this PriorityFax recommended. or that the text or than inches to of the four of the
the the as shown the below. If the than inches the the right to match the of the The slightly the START/COPY Press START. The the through the and the to from the the front of the Once copying the off the and the the from the WARNING the while copying. You the PriorityFax
the PriorityFax The The Top PINE This chapter covers the and and one-touch and faxing. The buttons, lights, and switches the top and back of the The and buttons the telephone this chapter. The PriorityFax three and photo. The FINE and PHOTO lights which and each of the the If neither light the The and photo they than the therefore, the photographs and the only when necessary.
PriorityFax Pressing the STOP STOP or copying and each insertion of START to If START/COPY off, this receiving. lights The Pressing COPY copying (as with and SENDING DOCUMENT. this light shows that RECEIVING DOCUMENT. this light incoming which the appearing through the the front of the ERROR. this light malfunction occurred. Troubleshooting, Chapter If this light immediately the or of STOP. ADD PAPER. this light approximately four inches of or the The back three switches.
Switches CONTRAST. this switch or Memory based the Choose required, or light light CONTRAST AUTO ANS this turned AUTO ANS ON OFF reception the telephone the of or four) the RING DELAY switch. off, reception the telephone within RING DELAY. This switch effective when It selects or four) the telephone reception RING DELAY You the memory that of the features this chapter. They already insulation to life. Follow the below to the the below the of the the You of the This the insulation completely and PriorityFax
PriorityFax the process. Instructions this chapter to and faxing. should the their as shown the below. that the of each to the right, as shown. the Once should the memory batteries. the and them with ones, that the the shown the SR41 or the Included with the PriorityFax to to It first follow the the To information the memory, that the connected to the and that the and cords connected the and that the switch the telephone while the
Complete the information the PriorityFax Then the the as shown below. the hear the the of the hear the START. Then The the through the as then once when The the the top of each If OK, reached its If the If that the other to reception. hear the START. Then the PriotityFax
PriorityFax Each wish, choose or both of the following options: Cl FINE CONTRAST PHOTO these than the of the following of Thick thick) thin such as or curled, or slippery-surfaced with or If to of these of them first with and then the with the that the text or than inches to of the four of the You this from to or photo. You this from to light or that light or With this option, the from to or photo. typewritten or text and newsprint and and photo photographs. The and they than the therefore, the photo only photographs and the when necessary.
PHOTO CONTRAST More C the and START when hear the To choose the or photo follow the below: the the Press FINE/PHOTO light appears the selection Follow the earlier this chapter. this the or light. If the choose the the light, choose the light the the the switch the back as Follow the earlier this chapter. You than that the than The to than to follow the below: the first of the the first, the the the the when there Then the four top of the that the and them as as they the PriorityFax
PriotityFax AUTO ANS ON OFF Reception AUTO ANS ON OFF RING DELAY Reception AUTO ANS ON OFF START/COPY as often as the If the completely through, the without redialing the sounds. The PriorityFax or manually; the choice with the AUTO ANS switch the back If reception off, reception recommended both and telephoning. If telephone when the reception. If wish, the RING DELAY switch the back to the four reception. The begins-appearing from the the front of the The off each as received, and the when the the it completely of the front that of the the If off, the and to the other when the If the other telephoning and trying to the PriorityFax as ordinary telephone, the other to START and The appearing from the the front of the The off each as received, and the once when the
One-touch and One-touch one-touch To the one-touch numbers, first the TONE/PULSE switch as Then follow the below: the completely of the front that of the the Dont about the AUTO ANS switch off and and to telephone. with the reception AUTO ANS ON OFF You the often to three numbers) or three to numbers). Once them with the below, the the memory of the PriorityFax easy access. You to three If using the one-touch telephone numbers, the and the buttons. The the the DIAL TONE RESET which shown below. PriorityFax
PriorityFax While holding the DIAL TONE RESET telephone the If international REDIAL the and the of the Also, such as telephone REDIAL the Pressing REDIAL the You of tone selected) each (A counts as Press Release the DIAL TONE RESET The and with the to the Memory Index the telephone the to one-touch numbers. the one-touch numbers, to of those four the the the and Press the the one-touch to o and the Press START and when hear the
You to STORE/MEMORY and the numbers. To the numbers, follow the below: While holding the DIAL TONE RESET (which shown telephone the If using international REDIAL the and the of the Also, telephone such as REDIAL to the You of each (A counts as Press STORE/MEMORY. STORE MEMORY through to the first Release the DIAL TONE RESET The and STORE/MEMORY and then the to the Memory the telephone telephone as as numbers. the PriorityFax
PriorityFax START/COPY The Light the to through the numbers, to of those the the the and Press STORE/MEMORY. Press the the to the to hear the tone, START and You the DIAL TONE RESET (the below the and then REDIAL. REDIAL The ADD PAPER light the top lights when approximately four inches of this light the and follow the instructions Chapter to
the PriorityFax as Telephone The Telephone and Switches The PriorityFax offers sophisticated, easy-to-use You when to reception the memory features, the insulation from memory the Though the they active the insulation the section memory further instructions. telephone operations with the and switches located the of the telephone and the telephone KEYPAD. the to telephone or and to numbers. REDIAL Pressing this the called. It one-touch and numbers, as this chapter and REDIAL DIAL TONE RESET. Pressing this tone that or another operation. It to to memory as Chapter
PriorityFax FLASH. Pressing this allows to of telephone service. WARNING M2, and MS. Each of these buttons one-touch These buttons to the one-touch memory. HOOK. Pressing this the the the telephone. Pressing HOOK with tone and allows to another operation. RINGER. This switch the right of the telephone the and the of the the switch the back of the to the and the front to off the TONE/PULSE. this switch, located the right of the to match the type of telephone tone about the type If necessary, with telephone to which to VOLUME. this switch, located the of the the from to high. with this with and reception.
the and Switches the switch the VOLUME the of the To the and the to reach to the Follow these The of the PriorityFax the of other telephone. To the of the follow these the switch or right high To the of the the switch the right of the telephone the stitch the back of the to the and the front to off the the and the to DIAL TONE RESET (the below the to Press REDIAL to PriorityFax as
PriorityFax Telephone One-touch Telephone The PriorityFax allows to three one-touch telephone button. If one-touch numbers, Chapter First the one-touch telephone numbers. To one-touch telephone numbers, first the TONE/ PULSE switch as Then follow the below: the telephone and the DIAL TONE RESET which the the While holding DIAL TONE RESET, the telephone the If using international REDIAL the and the of the Also, telephone such as telephone REDIAL to the of tone selected) each one-touch (A counts as REDIAL one-touch of the telephones memory telephone of to that the telephone memory Memory Chapter
Telephone Press Release the DIAL TONE RESET The and with the to the Memory the the to to one-touch telephone numbers. the one-touch numbers, of those the and Press the the one-touch telephone to use-M1,M2,orM3. PriorityFax as Teleph
Troubleshooting and This chapter and their This section includes four receiving, copying, and telephoning. the the cover release to the the the cover back hear of the and the The cover closed securely. the cover hear click. The with the the cover to the and then closed hear click. the with the The too thick or too thin. other than the to the Then the The wrinkled, curled, or other than the to the Then the The too other than the to the Then the to
PriorityFax (continued) info You trying to feed the from the back of the from the front where the appears. You and partys and the The other of age If the reports first the copying of the to the If the of the the with the partys If the of the the following another the as another the as and or the or Clean the of the as Chapter and another If of these the quality, the to authorized Customer To the location of the Customer
(continued) One-touch or the the and reception curled. the through the the to the the You one-touch or that telephone to the and You one-touch or that properly. and procedures. You to the memory the PriorityFax. Follow the instructions through the recording cover to the the recording to clean the of the the to the instructions The recording the to the instructions through to incorrectly. with the party. This when of You to the recording Troublesh
PriorityFax Copying Noth of continuously. that the recording If of thermal recording as Chapter the AUTO ANS switch the back turned off, the telephone reception Turn the AUTO ANS switch. The cover closed securely. the cover hear uality The dirty. Chapter cleaning instructions. You the type of PriorityFax recording The partys and/or with the party. If of these the the to authorized Customer To the location of the Customer The properly. Chapter The recording the cover to the the recording to the of the the to the instructions Chapter
Copying Telephone and age The Chapter that the the copying uality of You using the type of PriorityFax recording the type of the following another the as another the as and or the or photo Clean the of the as Chapter and another If of these the quality, the to authorized Customer To the location of the Customer The one-touch and properly. Chapter You to the memory the PriorityFax. Follow the instructions through Troublesh
PriorityFax Telephone The switch off. the switch foward.
Cleaning the To clean the of the follow these of the To quality, PriorityFax every three or four of recording WARNING the cleaning to shock. the Press the recording to the the recording cloth or isopropyl to the and the to clean the clear cover of the (indicated the the below) and the white
PriorityFax Cleaning the of the WARNING cloth to off from the cleaned interior. the recording as Chapter To clean the of the cloth to off from the WARNING such as or thinner. thinner, or other the of the
Technical Specifications Coding input Recording Recording Effective Scanning Station Memory Source Source Network CCITT (MH) V.27 and V.29 seconds with Thermal CIS thermal lines/inch lines/inch lines/inch VAC, Switch Telephone USOC RJ11C or 12W 150W
PriorityFax (Including (Including Specifications to without F,
to temporary of inch, to containing of of the PriorityFax) to of photographic which PBX branch switch, usually found organizations, which from the and them to and which from the to the USOC RJ11C The telephone button. the to containing of which three buttons. inch, the the to containing typewritten or and of the where the phone counts (clicks) to the the where the to the tones to the