ET-2500
You should the the regularly. If the below the the to the the of the when the below the the the To the the below. Related topics
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the features of the Product Locations The and and More these sections to learn about the and and Lights topic: Product The light The of the light when the to wireless and flashes when the The right flashes with the wireless Both or while the with wireless The and the light
The The The B&W The The The light The light Scan to PDF the B&W and the topic: the You the of the to to To the from the To the the release and the the without first the release or topic: the
Product Locations Product Top these sections to the Product Top Product Product topic: Product Edge
cover topic: Product Locations
Product head topic: Product Locations
Product The and AC USB topic: Product Locations The or off of You the increasing the reduces the efficiency. the and the and OS topic: Product
the and You the software to the the or off automatically. turned Access the and right-click the the Select Click the Click the and Option Information You this
the and OS Select the of which the to off when it as the Click Select the the to as the Click Click OK to the topic: The and You the software to the the or off automatically. the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select
and More You this Select the of which the to off when as the Select the the to as the Click Apply the topic: The and You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to from anywhere: Print, and Remote Print. the Remote
the topic: Product With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or to and to the below. If already when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and Related topics this Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or the below. to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More Related topics
Remote With Remote software, to anywhere the world. network the below. to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the Remote software. the and optional of the to and this Select the and choose the Remote topic: and More Related topics
these sections to Protected (WPS) Network or Network You to with wireless router or The wireless router or to wireless or wired Wireless router or with wireless
Protected (WPS) WPS to to Network Ethernet wired to the wireless router or topic: If wireless router or to the Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there there WPS the software the WPS to to Network topic: If router or Protected (WPS) to to the To router WPS router or If there there WPS the software the To to router, the WPS router or Press and the seconds. The of the light to to and the within of the WPS router or topic: Protected (WPS) Related and Lights
Network or Network Accessing the USB to You to the of To the the the the shown the to topic: these sections to or to Accessing the USB to Connecting to New Router topic: You and its operating You this built-in from or other that connected to the as the IP that the On or other connected to the as IP the You the topic: or Network Related Network If already to using USB to Disconnect the USB from
Connecting to New Router Uninstall software. Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstall Product Software If the wireless router to to the router. If switch to wireless router, the router to and router instructions. of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstall Product Software
Loading Loading the the type of Loading the Loading Capacity or Product Software You and of and the then the and its
the and the the If or the closed. the to the If of the first and the to the
or of the following: or and first, the right and beneath the the to the right them and
of or other with facing as shown. the the too tightly. Then, the back. follow these the recommended of sheets. first, which or top first. the arrow the If of each or that curled, or too thin, or that the instructions.
Loading Capacity If with and only these inches A4 inches or inches topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Specifications type to this inches to the arrow the Bright White inches inches sheets inches sheets A4 inches A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches
type to this inches sheets inches You manually. to inches or sheets of inches topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON country. count Bright White inches S041586 inches S041467 inches S041257 inches S041062 inches S042180 inches S041067
or Product Software count inches S041808 S041727 topic: Loading this Select this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Envelope Envelope topic: Loading inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover.
facedown the with the top facing the corner. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other. The of inch from the of the If or thumbnail another Scan, the of about inch from the top and Manually from the to the to topic: the Product Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying or the information to or using exactly the as Copying or You or black-and-white or or the the of the following to copying: To black-and-white the B&W To the To black-and-white or the B&W or the seconds. To black-and-white or the B&W or the and the within seconds. To than repeatedly the B&W or the the of to to the four the of than second. The and To copying, the topic: Copying Related the Loading the
from with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product You with using as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting Preset Selecting or Selecting topic: from the basic the or photo to or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of Select the of the as the You the to the of If
Quality Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the option. To sheet of or of of the the and the options To and their the options. To reduce when Paper/Bright White To To as that and combined with other Quality topic: with Related or Product Software Related Selecting Double-sided You of the Quality options to the of the type chosen. text and
Selecting Double-sided High text and graphics with high More that choose of and topic: Selecting You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and Prints sheets of to Click the to and topic: Selecting You both of the selecting of the options the You to and the manually to the other options or other chosen or the Select of the following options (Long-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (Short-edge to and prompting to the the to the other
Click the You this: Select the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions the The of the smear the the topic: with
Double-sided Related Selecting You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge Select that the Margin Select options that to allow Select the to as topic: Selecting Double-sided Printing
Selecting Additional and You of and options or the More To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these options: Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or photo as the and the of as the If to the the option. Select the to option to reduce or or Select the the Select of the following Correction options: Select to the sharpness, brightness, and
Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. Select to To the following features, the button: to Click the to and the to the information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the text and location of the header or footer. Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with
Custom Correction You of the options the Correction to the Brightness and and tones. the selected the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects.
and Additional ICM Turns off software using only software. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Text the of text to increase readability. Thin the of to increase Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or Additional Prints the rotated from its High reduce quality. the printed to right. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the options to or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the
Selecting Preset These with You to the following information: The and from the topic: Selecting Additional and to of the or More You clicking the Click the or More
You the the of the to its of Click to its or of the options the to To choose Click OK
Selecting topic: with You that apply to the to Access the and right-click the the Select Click the You the options: Click the
You this Select of the to Click OK to the Click OK to the software topic: with You from these the the of as they printed. EPSON and and other each containing the title, and RAW Datatype Increases and other Increases when or the head
or as Increases when or the head and other that that text or the of to Prints graphics with Allow Applications to ICM Matching Allows to ICM the Source Prints the the rather than the topic: Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to
You such as this Click OK or to Checking topic: with
Checking Selecting this showing the of It allows to and To To topic: or the apply only while that If to the Access the and right-click the the Select
the of the Software You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Access the and right-click the the Select You the
Click the You the options: Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this the and right-click the the Select Software
with OS You this of the following: To the software the every To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software You with OS as these If it to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS
Selecting OS Printed OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: from the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the expanded The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select the options: and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the
You these Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Product Software Related Selecting OS
Quality OS OS Selecting OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. the with quality. with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high quality. topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. Grayscale Prints text and graphics or of the topic: Selecting OS to the and from the
Selecting OS If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the You to Select the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS You of options or selecting from the the To sheet of the of the Sheet To the of the Direction
Printed OS OS To around each the from the To invert or the the or topic: with OS You and the of the as selecting from the the To selected option from the to To the which printed, option from the To the to the to checkbox and from the Destination topic: with OS You the Matching and to the or off software.
and OS Select from the the Select of the from the the The the the option selected the Matching Select of the and OS topic: with OS You from these the and
Selecting Preferences OS EPSON using software or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. Turns off software software. ICC turned off. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and
Preferences OS Select or You this: Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the or that that text or when Paper/Bright White as the or High reduce
or OS Checking OS Warning Notifications choose whether or to from the software operating bidirectional Allows the to with the the when shared topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS the of and the when appears the
Product You the Select the following options as necessary: To the and or To the and or To click the and or To or To other information, topic: or OS If to the topic: from
Scanning Starting Scan Starting Scan the Product Scan You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or scanning, of these Starting Scan the Product Starting Scan the Scan Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning Related the You and as PDF buttons. You with USB to the buttons. the software and connected the to Press the B&W and the the and as PDF Scan topic: Scan You or the when to using the buttons. You this the
Scan the Scan of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or Select (OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or the as necessary. Click OK Click to the topic: Scan the Product You the Scan to and the to to the Apps and EPSON Scan EPSON or EPSON Software (other Click or and or Select EPSON or EPSON Software and EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or
You Scan this: topic: Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting Scan
Starting Scan from Scanning You Scan from to and the the With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.)
Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You Scan this:
Selecting Scan Scan the instead of the Scan Select options as necessary. topic: Scan Related Scanning with OS Related topics Selecting Scan Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of This the type of scanning, selects and You You based the type of scanning. You options, and and Office You text and them You options and
Selecting the Scan Scanning Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You the and options necessary. Scan and as the
You this
To options or the and OK To choose of the the the option. To the Click Scan Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Selecting Scan
Scanning You these options Scan from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the when scanned, necessary. (If oriented correctly this option, this option and topic: Scanning Scan JPEG operating or or scanning You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and as the
You this Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the Select this option or to text OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the
of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning You these options Scan Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically.
Selecting Scan Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned. To that the the option. You this the the and OK Then the the The topic: Scanning
Scanning Office Office Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the You this
Selecting Scan Office Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where the and that match Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and it the If the the only the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click each and necessary the Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options Scan Office other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
Scanning Professional the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the
You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Professional Selecting Scan Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to
of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Professional To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and it the To the then the If the the the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not other chosen. Click the to Click the or (OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of using graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only.) Click the histogram to the Tone Correction graphical tone individually. advanced users only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced only.) Click the to the
Selecting Scan Professional Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned. To that the the option. You this the the and OK Then the the The
Scan To the or (OS X) to the and options as or the or off. Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of the and selected displays as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the thumbnail preview. Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the preview. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as
If the using Scan's to increase the You the its Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the the to Print/convert to text (OCR): topic: Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan of the following to the which to Click the of the
Scanned and Optional Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from of and optional the Scan. JPEG that highly the higher the the the (The TIFF when to or TIFF when to the allowing to the using PDF that and OS using or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS PRINT II or that include PRINT Matching II and the the displays the
Scanning with OS TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the to overwrite previous with the this Select to the appear Scan Select to or OS to the where scanning. If the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS X, with using image-editing such as With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED the necessary. (You to the DEVICES or SHARED and If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary.
Scan OS Scanning Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning You these OS X, Correction graphical interface brightness, tint, and Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. topic: Scanning with OS software offers options to Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan topic: Scanning
Scanning to PDF Scan, and PDF Format) scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the selecting click Scan
You the Select PDF as the Select other to the Click the to Click OK
Scan and this Choose of the following options: If If to the Scan and the finished, If to or the or the using the that appear the of the editing finished, OK If OCR Character the to the the and the necessary. Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related the
Restoring Colors as You Scan Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan Related topics Starting Scan You the as them Scan's Restoration You this of the Office Scan offers that scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the or the Select the Restoration selecting Scan Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related the Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan
Related topics Starting Scan
Precautions the below the to the or as to the If the below the the it to the the of the when the below the the the Precautions Purchase the Precautions bottles and the of the reach of allow to from or the bottles and bottle or bottle its otherwise, If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, immediately. Precautions bottles with the this with other types. The of that covered warranty, and This of when the or with If clothes or off.
the bottle ready to bottles to reliability. If bottle using affected. If the below the the the of the when the below the the the bottle from allow to least three hours using bottles cool, the bottles the as the or bottle its the bottle and to impacts or the the bottle securely. to the bottle upright when the and to from when the bottle. and Information To head performance, from and when operations, such as cleaning the head. The bottles this function or performance. or instead of the type or This because of to topic: To the the the the the the
with If the below the the to the the of the when the below the the the with topic: Related Related the You offers from Right-click the the and Preferences
Purchase You this To offers, the topic: You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON
the This to with Non-Epson or other specified this covered warranties. The included bottles and The with bottles and of the from the first bottles to charge the head. based printed, type, of and topic: these when or purchase bottles, and the the the Black topic: Purchase bottles and the Wear while the to If off immediately with to If clothes or other items, off. of the as
the cover, then the and the shown the of the matches the to and the from that to
off the of the bottle of to the bottle necessary. Then the bottle and the protective touching the the the bottle tightly. the bottle tightly; otherwise, Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, immediately. the bottles of the reach of and the the with the to the the
If the bottle the the bottle securely the bottle and the bottle upright the securely. the previous as each to
the cover. topic: Related Purchase Related
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path Checking the of If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the You them them unnecessarily. You to the head when the of the You to the first. Head Head Cleaning Flushing topic: Quality Related the You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head using the buttons Press the to the off.
of the the and the to the the release both buttons. The the to there the head head cleaning If there the head clean and If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Loading the Cleaning the Head the Product the
Checking the You the head using or of the of the following: the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select You this: Click
Head Cleaning the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Loading the Cleaning the Head the If and the the head. You to the head when the of the You to the first.
Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related the You the head using the buttons lights indicating of the the seconds to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the or the cleaning or to to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then the head and cleaning the head necessary. If topic: Head Cleaning Related Where to Related Loading the Sheet Checking the the Product You the head using or lights indicating of the
of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select Head Cleaning You this: Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the or the cleaning or to
the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then the head and cleaning the head necessary. If topic: Head Cleaning Related Where to Related Loading the Checking the
Flushing Flushing the If white or or cleaning the head Flushing. Flushing, off the and least hours Flushing of and should only necessary. the the Flushing. Flushing affects the service of the causing them to reach their reaches the of its service life, the and the topic: Head Related the You the Flushing to the off the and least hours lights indicating of the following: Access the and right-click the the and Then the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Click the Flushing
Head You this: Follow the on-screen instructions. the off the and least hours and the quality. If the topic: Flushing Related the If become or blurry, of or or light to the head.
the Head head cleaning. the Head topic: Quality You the head or sheets of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select Head Click Next then to while head
You this: the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each
Cleaning the Path choosing Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head Related Loading the If the back of the to to the the from the head of the the to without the there or the or cover. the back of the to clean. as the clean.
the of Checking the Counter topic: Quality Related Loading the You option that displays the of of that through the Checking the Counter Checking the Sheet Counter OS topic: Quality You the of of that through the the counter. Access the and right-click the the Select Click the Select and Option Information
Checking the Counter OS You this the of sheets the OK to the The of sheets when topic: Checking the of You the of sheets of that through the the counter. the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and
Select and Option Information You this checking the of sheets the OK to the topic: Checking the of
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product Transporting Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should the and when the to from or thinner to clean the or or other the or Turn off the the the Clean the with cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. Clean the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise
or bottle its the bottle and to impacts or changes. the the bottle securely. to the bottle upright when the and to from when the bottles. bottles the with the the its this the expended, or to the head from cool, Turn off the the and to the head the right (the If the the head to to the right, then the off the head to the with the white the otherwise, the the from the
the the and Then the the release and gently the the without first the release or the cover and to that the securely.
the the that included with the and the closed as shown. the its or cushioning around the the to the from the head turning If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Related the Head
Checking Software these sections to Checking Software Updates Product Light Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to free to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the or the or Apps of OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software topic:
Product Light Related You often with its lights. Lights Light The turned The light The light flashing The the light to flashing Initial charging the The light instructions. The light or sheets the The light the the and The light flashing turning off the and the B&W or the to clear the the B&W or the to clear the
Light nearing or the of its service life. The light flashing If to appears The light flashing the B&W or the to the and or protective The light flashing the Turn the off and then back The light flashing The light flashing The light flashing and The light flashing occurred. Press the to clear the and occurred firmware The light flashing using USB and the firmware If the The light flashing The light flashing and The the and the that the of reach where satisfactory or the reached the of their life. The LCD or lights the when these replacing. If this the warranty of the the of the or of the covered the warranty. If the of warranty, the authorized service The user-replaceable topic: Related the Product Where to Related Loading the
Product operating properly. Press the to off the interface connected to the the and the to the the release both buttons. The the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the clean or the head. If the the other If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Uninstall Product Software Related Where to Related the Head these sections while the Software USB
the Software topic: If hear from the with these The first the with the charge its head. charging finishes off the or charge improperly and the If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: Related topics If while software, these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related Uninstall Product Software Related OS
USB Network Product to Wireless Router or Access If USB to to that the grounded. shock when touching topic: these or or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that or and Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network topic: If or connecting to wireless router or these If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the light the the within of the WPS router. the the seconds. to within of router or microwave or such as If using wireless router, the router to and router instructions. that router or operating correctly to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or
Network Software Product Network to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its network (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless of the and to necessary. topic: Network Related WPS to to Network Network Related topics If these and connected to using (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. connected to If necessary, software and to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the
Product Not Appear OS Download software from the using the instructions the If router, software to to the router. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related WPS to to Network Network Sheet Connecting to New Router Related topics If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the light the the within of the WPS router. the the seconds. If connecting the wirelessly EpsonNet and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. If using wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related WPS to to Network Network Related topics
Network If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and turn off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If network and the strength. If to router or or such as If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function. If the Protected (WPS) and the light the the within of the WPS router. the the seconds. If the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related WPS to to Network Network Sheet Related topics
Scan Network If Scan these If from restarted the software. the firewall or security software. If using wireless router, the router to and router instructions. If high If interrupted while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan the and the using Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the to Network then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related topics
Product Nothing Product It While Scan these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing try these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: these sections using with the Product Ejection topic:
the Product If feeding these If feed Then the the right and beneath the the the of the that the the arrow the If once, the the to the and If when only or sheets, try than the recommended of If when both of the sheets. the specifications follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related Loading Capacity the Product Related Loading the Sheet If the follow the below to clear the the necessary.
from the feed the
the white the the while the cover including torn the
Ejection from Nothing topic: Related Product If with properly, these If the to the Select the when If when it or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related the Product or Product Software Related Loading the Product Check these sections while from Nothing Prints Product Not Appear topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If it directly to instead of the
Product Not Appear to If the to software correctly. If the enough memory. the or the the and the following: or or as necessary. the and the offline. the and the as the necessary. OS X, Preferences from the Apple or Scan or then to or as necessary. topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the EPSON then OK
Click the Preferences Click the the option that the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the and If OS X, and the turned off. Clear or to existing using when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the or or and and the following RAW Datatype as topic: from
and Inverted Related OS or Product Software Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting
Too Incorrect Margins Printout Selecting Additional and that the or software topic: and If unexpectedly, try these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the You to the the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect try these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or You the option software to topic: and Related Loading the Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the Click the the and If to USB directly to instead. If the printed, the characters. If incorrect characters appear try connecting topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and
Printout Quality Related Loading the Sheet Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS If these the the of the higher software. Turn off high software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Loading the Selecting Selecting OS these sections with quality, White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic:
White or Printout If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the the If the the Flushing the the the the other the flushing section topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Flushing Related references or Product Software Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Loading the Sheet Related topics
Blurry or Smeared Printout If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly sheet with or the to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. the the to the other to of the head Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. If the the Flushing Flushing the the the the only other means. the flushing section properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head
Printout or Printout Related Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Cleaning the Path If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The the the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Product Software Related Loading the Cleaning the Path
Printout Related topics If these the of the correctly Select higher and off high software. to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software from the and high If the image-editing to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS
Incorrect Colors If incorrect try these the type matches the loaded. the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The and to the the the with the of the to as the this the than To top of each other. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. and If the the Flushing utility. Flushing the the the the only other the flushing section topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Flushing Related Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS OS
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly Related topics these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Uninstall Product Software Related references OS Related Scanning with OS
Scan Scanned Quality If Scan, these turned and interface securely both Scan selected power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan If both and If operating Scan, With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Starting Scan these sections Consists of
Consists of of Appears Scanned of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Upside-Down Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: Related topics Quality If consists of these facing the If using the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Office Professional Related the If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended.
Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related the If appears or these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that its these Scan and try Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related the Related topics Selecting Scan
Colors Patchy the Edges of Appears Scanned Appear If thick or warped its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these Scan and Brightness the and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and try Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan
Scanned Upside-Down Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not the This the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the photo when scanned, necessary. If photo oriented correctly using this option, the and when newspapers, or art, or than inches topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the and of and the software to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with of the the Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality
Scanned Edges Cropped Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software Related Related Selecting Scan Selecting Scan Office Selecting Scan Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related the If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the Disconnect interface of the following: to the Apps and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the
Uninstalling Product Software OS (other Click or and or EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. of the following to then follow instructions: and Uninstall the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the utility. currently Double-click the
Where to Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the Scan or and the to topic: Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following options. (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply.
Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products OS Scanning Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3 (U.S.) or the and
OS Scanning Specifications topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications type Photoelectric CIS inches Scanning US or A4
Specifications Color: Light LED topic: Technical Specifications the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Single-sheets and distributed to inches to topic: Technical Specifications internal internal Black-and-white: internal
Printable Specifications the shown to the Margin: inch Reduced area/top: inch Reduced area/bottom: inch
Specifications Left/right inch Top/bottom inch Reduced area/right: inch Reduced inch topic: Technical Specifications This to with Non-Epson or other specified this covered warranties. The included bottles and The with bottles and of the from the first bottles to charge the head. based printed, type, of and within months of the from bottle
Specifications Specifications to F to C) topic: Specifications Related Purchase Height inches inches (without and cord) topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to Rated Rated to (ISO/IEC24712) (USB Ready Approximately month F C) F C) thaws and hours F C) inches inches inches Approximately off Approximately
Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications topic: Technical Specifications to F to C) to RH (without to RH topic: Technical Specifications One USB topic: Technical Specifications IEEE Security WEP Coordination Security SSL/TLS: HTTPS topic: Technical Specifications to F to C) month F C) WPA-PSK (AES); with WPA2 with WPA/WPA2 IEEE
and Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6320-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. This with FCC/IC forth and the FCC (RF) C to OET65 and RSS-102 of the IC (RF) This should and operated that the least inches or from wrists, and topic: Technical Specifications EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices Instructions Product Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products Instructions FCC Copyright Notice using and follow these instructions. Product Instructions Wireless Instructions topic: Notices Related Precautions to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the only the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the near where the easily the outlet the as photo or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or frayed. to and top of and allow to or to the straight each If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the
rating of the outlet the turn off the the and the light flashing the or off to the If the the from the the that its It properly or Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or or the the heat or sunlight. enough around the or the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the to or other with the of the Each the both connected the the white the the head hand; this the the or the with products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the section while the copying, or other to when closing the cover or as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the
Instructions FCC or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. the that the head the right) or the its or otherwise topic: Instructions waves from this the operation of or such as or fire using this such or facility, follow the from authorized the facility, and follow and the to causing topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface
Copyright Notice connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices EPSON EPSON and TM of Corporation. TM and Remote TM of Corporation. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. and the of Apple Inc. and TM Chromebook TM TM Chrome TM TM and TM of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions.
Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each user to and of the copyright when While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. More achieved the to to shorter topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-42912R1 topic: Copyright Notice