the and its or to Press the Press OK when Select and country. the the cover. Dont the option. Unpack the the to the and the or to the then Press Daylight and currently (DST effective the Daylight from through to off then them. the the the yellow from each Dont other from the the ready to as the back the Cartridges to reliability. If the first Dont the the right and the with the the to the or to the then Press clicks. the each Press the they click. the cover and the Turn the Press OK when the to the the flashing or while the On light charge Charging about the Dont off Press the OK to to On Press the 1-F 1-F C 1-F 1-F
the the cover. Dont the the the and its the Daylight and country. Press OK when the to or Press option. Unpack then them. the the only the from each Dont other from the the to the and the from through to off Daylight and currently (DST effective to the then or Press the ready to as the back the Cartridges to reliability. If the clicks. the each Press the they click. the and first Dont the the right and the with the to the then or Press the to the the Turn the flashing or while the On light charge Charging about the Dont off Press the OK to the the to the Press OK when to On Press the 1-F C 1-F 1-F 1-F
the the and its Dont the the cover. the the Daylight Select and country. Press OK when the to or Press option. Unpack the to the and the Dont other from the the yellow from each the the then them. from through to off Daylight and currently (DST effective to the then or Press the ready to as the back the Cartridges to reliability. If the the first Dont the the right and the with the Press the they click. the cover and the each clicks. to the then or Press the to the to the Turn Press the OK to Dont off about the charge Charging On light while the flashing or the the to the Press OK when On Press the 1-F 1-F 1-F C 1-F
the and its the Dont the the cover. the the Daylight and country. Press OK when the to or Press option. Unpack the to the and the Dont other from the the yellow from each the the then them. from through to off Daylight and currently (DST effective to the then or Press the ready to as the back the Cartridges to reliability. If the the right and the with the Dont the sideways; first the Press the they click. the and the each clicks. to the then or Press the to the to the Turn Press the OK to Dont turn off the about Charging On light while the flashing or the the to the Press OK when On Press the 1-F 1-F 1-F C 1-F
and 800-GO-EPSON smooth, heavy-weight brochures. the of photo www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca and professional-looking and the right You purchase from authorized To the the right purchase them SM Next then to If the option, this the first option and then Next prompted, the USB USB the connected to through this the Follow the the right of the to the If to DSL phone DSL or to DSL the necessary To the faxing, the included phone To telephone or the from telephone to the LINE the the phone instructions. the below to Its as easy as www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or and service of Corporation. the High Capacity Notice: Other only and www.epson.ca or and and DURABrite the CD. securely connected and the ready to and or on-screen If Click Next necessary. the CD. instructions copying, scanning, and faxing. ready to and or on-screen Black software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and OS to or TM the NOT CONNECTED to software of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-24115 Double-click the the software CD. Click and follow the on-screen instructions. Technical purchase and with software Information On-screen Select or when using software. troubleshooting and software downloads. You Click the shortcut easy to the the USB You cant software that If New and the software CD. Black High Capacity or www.epson.ca or www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. and turned Cartridges prompted, the USB USB the securely connected www.arcsoft.com ABBYY ArcSoft PhotoImpression TM Software Technical to through Friday.Toll or charges apply. and (U.S.) or to AM PM to You and and troubleshooting or with and with when purchasing the to the right Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX the Account With the Click and follow the instructions. 1-B 1-B C 1-B 1-B
this the Follow the the right of the to the and 800-GO-EPSON smooth, heavy-weight brochures. the of www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca and professional-looking and the right You purchase from authorized To the the right purchase them SM the connected to through prompted, the USB USB this the first option and then Next If the option, Next then to If connecting to DSL phone DSL or to DSL the To the faxing, the included To telephone or the from telephone to the LINE the the phone instructions. Click Next necessary. the CD. instructions copying, scanning, and faxing. ready to and or on-screen Black the below to Its as easy as www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or and service of Corporation. the High Capacity Notice: Other and www.epson.ca or of their respective owners. and rights those and and DURABrite If ready to and or securely connected and turned the the software CD. the CD. software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and OS to or TM the NOT CONNECTED to software Technical purchase and On-screen with software Information On-screen Select or when software. troubleshooting and software downloads. You Click the shortcut easy to the America, Inc. CPD-24115 Click and follow the on-screen instructions. Double-click the the USB You cant software that If New and the software CD. www.arcsoft.com ABBYY ArcSoft TM Software Technical to through Friday.Toll or charges apply. and (U.S.) or to AM PM to You and and troubleshooting or with and it with when purchasing the to the right Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX Black High Capacity www.epson.ca or or www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. Cartridges the securely connected prompted, the USB USB and turned the Account With the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. 1-B C 1-B 1-B 1-B
and 800-GO-EPSON smooth, heavy-weight brochures. the of www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca and professional-looking and the right You purchase from authorized To the the right purchase them SM Follow the the right of the to the this click the the connected to through prompted, the USB USB this the first option and then Next If using the option, Next then to If to DSL DSL or to DSL the To the faxing, the included To telephone or the from telephone to the LINE the the instructions. Black the below to Its as easy as www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or and service of Corporation. the High Capacity Notice: Other and www.epson.ca or of their respective owners. and rights those and and DURABrite ready to and or on-screen instructions scanning, and faxing. the CD. Click Next necessary. If ready to and or on-screen securely connected and turned the the software CD. the CD. software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and OS to or TM NOT CONNECTED the to software Inc. CPD-24115 Click the shortcut easy to the troubleshooting and software downloads. You Select or when software. Information On-screen with software purchase and Technical Click and follow the on-screen instructions. Double-click the the USB You cant software that If New and the software CD. and with when the to the right purchasing Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX Black High Capacity or www.epson.ca or www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. Cartridges and troubleshooting or with to You and (U.S.) or to AM PM and through Friday.Toll or charges apply. to Representative Software Technical ArcSoft TM ABBYY www.arcsoft.com the securely connected prompted, the USB USB and turned the Account With the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. 1-B 1-B 1-B C 1-B
the right purchase them SM You purchase from authorized To the and the right www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca and professional-looking brochures. the of smooth, heavy-weight 800-GO-EPSON and Follow the the right of the to the this the the connected to through prompted, the USB USB this the first option and then Next If the option, Next then to If connecting to DSL phone DSL or to DSL the To the faxing, the included To telephone or the from telephone to the LINE the the instructions. and and DURABrite of their respective owners. and rights those www.epson.ca or Notice: Other and the High Capacity and service of Corporation. www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or to Its as easy as the below Black ready to and or on-screen instructions copying, scanning, and faxing. the CD. Click Next necessary. If ready to and or securely connected and turned the the software CD. the CD. software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and OS to or TM NOT CONNECTED the to software Inc. CPD-24115 Click the shortcut easy to the troubleshooting and software downloads. You Select or when software. Information On-screen On-screen with software purchase and Technical Click and follow the on-screen instructions. Double-click the the USB You cant software that If New and the software CD. Cartridges www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or www.epson.ca or High Capacity Black Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX the to the right purchasing and with when and troubleshooting or with to You and (U.S.) or to AM PM and through Friday.Toll or charges apply. to Representative Software Technical ArcSoft PhotoImpression TM ABBYY www.arcsoft.com the securely connected prompted, the USB USB and turned the Account With the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. 1-B 1-B 1-B C 1-B