HDTV LCD Projection TV and its follow the to and connected to theater instructions TM and flash. these items: TV Set-top with screws CD-R/RW with USB and Remote with AA of the the below. It located the back of the TV. the TV the TV, people as shown below, using the back and the top of the front. Warning The TV heavy. people to or the TV to the TV and its together or the TV and or the Shelf The shelf surround sound or other top of the TV. The to Dont the shelf backwards its or the with the shorter top. the the with the the back of the TV. Phillips-head screwdriver, the to the TV with the four screws that with Tighten the screws. Selecting Location and TV location TV and follow of its instructions to operates and effectively, as the You optional EPSON TV to TV. LS47STD the LS47P1) or LS57STD the LS57P1) from If securely the TV as follows: Specification LS47P1 LS57P1 of the inches inches of the inches inches the location that allows to the back of the TV and least inches of the You to the TV to or other upright its or other Connecting the TV instructions TV (HDTV) receiver, DVD and CD-R/RW to TV. instructions other TV connecting to TV to the TV, to instructions that with the receiver. TV (HDTV) With DVI-HDTV Turn off and TV receiver. DVI-HDTV to the DVI-HDTV the back of the TV and the DVI-HDTV OUT TV receiver. red/white to the DVI-HDTV and the back of the TV and the and TV receiver. the TV back its TV (HDTV) With Turn off and TV receiver. to of PB and PR (red) the back of the TV and the Y, PB, and PR TV receiver. red/white to the and the back of the TV and the and TV receiver. TV back its DVD With the to of PB and PR (red) the back of the TV and to the DVD red/white to the and the back of the TV and the and DVD DVD With to of the the back of the TV and the DVD red/white to the and the back or front of the TV and the and DVD player. CD-R/RW the USB to the USB CD-R/RW and the EXT. I/F the back of the TV. the CD-R/RW to the and DVI-HDTV DVD DVD CD-R/RW the Remote Press the top of the cover the back of the Then the cover and off the the as shown the and the right Then them the the and the cover the clicks the Press and release the cover to the cover. the cover and the counterclockwise to It freely when the and the as as the cover the of the the from its Then the from the If the the to the as shown below, the right. the and its with the then the clicks beneath the latch. You the and its with the or when the cover and closed. the the as clockwise to If the further and the cover. to the securely and the cover completely or the USB Pointed should of the should
HDTV LCD Projection TV and its follow the to it and to theater TM instructions and flash. these items: TV Set-top with screws Remote with AA of sheets) the the below. It located the back of the TV. the TV the TV, people as shown below, the back and the top of the front. Warning The TV heavy. people to or the TV to the TV and its together or the TV and or the Shelf The shelf surround sound or other top of the TV. The to Dont the backwards its or the with the shorter top. the the with the the back of the TV. Phillips-head screwdriver, the shelf to the TV with the four screws that with Tighten the screws. Selecting and TV Select location TV and follow of its instructions to operates and effectively, as the You optional EPSON TV to TV. LS47STD the LS47P1) or LS57STD the LS57P1) from If securely the TV as follows: LS47P1 LS57P1 of the inches inches of the inches inches the location that allows to the back of the TV and least inches of the You to the TV to or other upright its or other Connecting the TV instructions TV (HDTV) receiver, DVD player, and CD-R/RW to TV. instructions other TV to TV to the TV, to instructions that with the receiver. CD-R/RW with USB and TV (HDTV) With DVI-HDTV Turn off and TV receiver. DVI-HDTV to the DVI-HDTV the back of the TV and the DVI-HDTV OUT TV receiver. red/white to the DVI-HDTV and the back of the TV and the and TV receiver. the TV back its TV (HDTV) With Turn off and TV receiver. to of PB and PR (red) the back of the TV and the Y, PB, and PR TV receiver. red/white to the and the back of the TV and the and TV receiver. TV back its DVD With the to of PB and PR (red) the back of the TV and to the DVD red/white to the and the back of the TV and the and DVD DVD With to of the the back of the TV and the DVD red/white to the and the back or front of the TV and the and DVD CD-R/RW the USB to the USB CD-R/RW and the EXT. I/F the back of the TV. the CD-R/RW to the and the Remote Press the top of the cover the back of the Then the and off the the as shown the and the right Then them the the and the cover the clicks the DVI-HDTV Press and release the cover to the cover. the cover and the counterclockwise to It freely when the and the as as the cover the of the the from its Then the from the If the the to the as shown below, the right. DVD the and its with the then the clicks beneath the latch. You the and its with the or when DVD the cover and closed. the the as clockwise to If the further and the cover. CD-R/RW to the securely and the cover completely or the USB Pointed should of the should
Connecting the TV instructions TV (HDTV) receiver, DVD player, and CD-R/RW TV to TV. instructions other connecting to TV to the TV, to instructions that with the receiver. TV (HDTV) With DVI-HDTV Turn off and TV receiver. DVI-HDTV DVI-HDTV to the the back of the TV and the DVI-HDTV OUT TV receiver. DVI-HDTV red/white to the the back of the TV and the and and TV receiver. the TV back its TV (HDTV) With Turn off and TV receiver. to of (red) the back of the TV and the PR and PB Y, PB, and PR TV receiver. red/white to the the back of and the TV and the and TV receiver. TV back its DVD With the to of (red) the back of the TV and to PR and PB the DVD red/white to the the back of and the TV and the and DVD player. DVD With the to of the back of the TV and the DVD red/white to the the back or front and of the TV and the and DVD CD-R/RW the USB to the USB CD-R/RW the back of the TV. EXT. I/F and the the CD-R/RW to the and CD-R/RW with USB and HDTV LCD TV and its follow the to and connected to theater instructions TM and flash. these items: TV Set-top shelf with screws Remote with AA of the the below. It located the back of the TV. the TV the TV, people as shown below, the back and the top of the front. Warning The TV heavy. people to or the TV to injury. the TV and its together or the TV and or the Shelf The surround sound or other top of the TV. The to Dont the shelf backwards its or the with the top. the the with the the back of the TV. Phillips-head screwdriver, the to the TV with the four screws that with Tighten the screws. Selecting Location and TV Select location TV and follow of its instructions to operates and effectively, as the You optional EPSON TV to TV. LS47STD the LS47P1) or LS57STD the LS57P1) from If securely the TV as follows: LS47P1 LS57P1 of the inches inches of the inches inches capacity the location that allows to the back of the TV and least inches of the You to the TV to or other upright its earthquake or other the Remote Press the top of the the back of the Then the and off the the as shown the and the right Then them the cover the and the cover the clicks the DVI-HDTV Press and release the cover to the cover. the cover and the counterclockwise to It freely when the and the as as the cover the of the the from its Then the from the If the the to the as shown below, the right. DVD the and its with the then the clicks beneath the latch. You the and its with the or when DVD the and closed. the the as clockwise to If the further and the cover. CD-R/RW to the securely and the cover completely or the USB Pointed should of the should
Loading the You to sheets of the with the with the facing the of the and the facing the of the Dont the perforated the The or the malfunction when the Dont the of the or become the and clicks the its first. clicks the cover. and Turning On the TV Turn connected and or necessary, to the with the the outlet or The light Press the the TV or the The light flashes while the TV the light flashing and TV Press the the or the TV to the to (TV, DVD, You the seconds the You to the light to flashing first. If with the Turn the (VCR, DVD, or and Press the to the the If To off the TV, the The light flashes as the TV cools the TV cool, the light flashing and the TV this or the To turn the TV or the and the TV or To the sound, the the memory cards) or CD-R/RW the its built-in and them CDs. Follow the below or the expanded instructions Card the TV turned and the light and flashing. the the front The Card light Narrow seconds, the appears. It displays the and the first If the automatically, the the TV or To photo, the Next or Select To the the TV or Remote To the further, the the to or Press to To photo, the the (when the isnt Press to You automatically, seconds each, You the or selected ones. Press the the The the of the To to The first and appears the It displays seconds, then the displayed. To the Selecting and It You photo from (memory or CD-R/RW. Press Next Select or Select to highlight the photo to Press the the TV or You the To of the photo, To Next the the correct. Then the light flashes. finished, the light off. To these You to If to the Then follow the on-screen instructions to the and finished the from the of them back and forth and tearing them off. CompactFlash Memory TM Selected CD CD, connected the CD-R/RW that with TV, and turned that written to 4X high-speed 4X writiing, specifications the and Press the the to the CD-R/RW the with the facing the the Press the to the the to and the the the and Press the the to the CD-R/RW To write of the photo to the CD, to to CD-R/RW You Press to or to You writing while written to the CD and the light flashes. finished, the CD and Press If TV, the troubleshooting The outlet and isnt switch or that the connected securely. If the light flashing the TV cooling flashing and lights or the to If the light flashing the TV flashing and lights the TV ready. If the light red, with the TV, the of the light. the TV or cooling (the light The the TV cant the buttons. the light or the The The TV cools using internal off. when the TV turned off. Where to EPSON technical through the World hours From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through To the EPSON SM service, and the PIN the EPSON included with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with TV of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON LS47P1 or LS57P1) Product (located the back of the TV or the front of this of the You purchase and from or from EPSON. or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. service and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Inc. Printed USA CPD-17479
Loading the You to sheets of the with the with the facing the of the and the facing the of the Dont the perforated the The or the malfunction when the Dont the of the or become the and clicks the its first. clicks the cover. and Turning On the TV Turn connected and or necessary, to the with the light the outlet or The the TV or the Press the light flashing light flashes while the TV the The and TV the or the TV to the to Press the (TV, DVD, seconds the You the light to flashing first. You to the the If with Turn the (VCR, DVD, or and to the Press the the If light flashes as the TV cools The To off the TV, the light flashing and the TV this or the TV cool, the the and the TV or To the TV or the the To the sound, the photo memory or CD-R/RW the its built-in and them CDs. Follow the below or the instructions Card the TV turned and the light and flashing. the the front The Card light Narrow CompactFlash Memory TM seconds, the appears. It displays the and the first If the automatically, the the TV or To photo, the Next Select or Select To photo the the TV or Remote To the photo further, the the to or Press to To photo, the the (when the isnt Press to You automatically, seconds each, You the or selected ones. Press the the The the of the To to The first and appears the It displays seconds, then the photo displayed. To the Selecting and It You photo from (memory or CD-R/RW. Press Next Select or Select to highlight the to Press the the TV or You the To of the photo, To Next the the correct. Then the light flashes. finished, the light off. To these You to If to the Then follow the instructions to the and finished the from the of photo them back and forth and tearing them off. CD CD, connected the CD-R/RW that with TV, and turned that written to 4X high-speed 4X writiing, specifications the and Press the the to the CD-R/RW the with the facing the the Press the to the the to and the the the and Press the the to the CD-R/RW To write of the to the CD, to to CD-R/RW You Press to or to You writing while written to the CD and the light flashes. Selected finished, the CD and Press If TV, the troubleshooting The outlet and isnt switch or the TV or cooling (the light flashing), The the TV cant the buttons. the light or the buttons The The TV cools internal off. when the TV turned off. Where to EPSON technical through the World hours From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through To the EPSON SM service, and the PIN the EPSON included with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with TV of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON LS47P1 or LS57P1) Product (located the back of the TV or the front of this of the You purchase and from or from EPSON. or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please EPSON and Livingstation of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. service and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those America, Inc. Printed USA that the connected securely. If the light flashing the TV cooling flashing and lights or the to If the light flashing the TV flashing and lights the TV ready. If the light red, with the TV, the of the light. CPD-17479
memory cards) or CD-R/RW the its built-in and them CDs. Follow the below or the instructions Card light and flashing. the TV turned and the light Card the the front The Narrow CompactFlash Memory TM seconds, the appears. It displays the and the first If the automatically, the the TV or Select Next To photo, the Select or the TV or To the the to or To the further, the to Press the (when the isnt To the Press to You automatically, seconds You the or selected ones. the The Press the the of the To to The first and appears the It displays seconds, then the displayed. To the Selecting and It You from (memory or CD-R/RW. Select Next Press Select or to highlight the photo to the TV or Press the You the To of the the Next To the correct. Then light flashes. the light off. finished, the To these You to to the Then follow the on-screen instructions to If the and finished the from the of them back and forth and tearing them off. TV Loading the You to sheets of the with the with the facing the of the and the facing the of the Dont the perforated the The or the malfunction when the Dont the of the or become the and clicks the its first. clicks the cover. and Turning On the TV Turn connected and or necessary, to the with the the outlet or The light the TV or the Press the light flashes while the TV the The light flashing and the or the TV to the to Press the (TV, DVD, seconds the You the light to flashing first. You to the If with the Turn the (VCR, DVD, or and to the Press the the If The To turn off the TV, the light flashes as the TV cools light flashing and the TV this or the TV cool, the the To the TV or the and the TV or the To the sound, the CD CD, connected the CD-R/RW that with TV, and turned that written to 4X high-speed 4X writiing, the and Press the the to the CD-R/RW the with the facing the the Press the to the the to and the the the and Press the the to the CD-R/RW To write of the to the CD, to to CD-R/RW You Press to or to You writing while written to the CD and the light flashes. Selected finished, the CD and Press If TV, the troubleshooting The outlet and isnt switch or that the connected securely. If the light flashing the TV cooling flashing and lights or the to If the light flashing the TV flashing and lights the TV ready. If the light red, with the TV, the of the light. the TV or cooling (the light flashing), The the TV cant the buttons. the light or the buttons The The TV using internal off. when the TV turned off. Where to EPSON technical through the World hours From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through To the EPSON SM service, and the PIN the EPSON included with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with TV of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Livingstation LS47P1 or LS57P1) Product (located the back of the TV or the front of this of the You purchase and from or from EPSON. or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. service and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Inc. Printed USA CPD-17479