Theater
Introduction The theater-quality 3D the relaxing of it offers these features: Native ratio to and to of brightness and white light incredibly lighting Iris that constantly the light based the and black/white of perfectly and C 3LCD increased ratio and 1080Perfect of or artifacts with HDMI (High-Definition Interface and wide-format including front and mounted, with and offset Introduction
foot 3D IR HDMI Introduction Remote RS-232C cover (12V DC PC switch and lights cover
Source buttons cover Mounting Introduction
Remote On HDMI and the HDMI function 2D/3D 2D and 3D buttons selection to the Iris the Iris function the function Function the from the Introduction off Lights the easy Source buttons Switch connected to the HDMI of to match lighting the or off Aspect the aspect ratio the Temporarily or the RGBCMY the Memory Accesses the memory to the
Optional the following optional the Product V13H010L69 V13H134A39 security (anti-theft ELPSL01 mount CHF1000 F3H982-06 3D active V12H483001 3D IR V12H484001 to the and service You purchase these and other from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca and Warranty with two-year carry-in warranty. the offers SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or Service brochure To follow the instructions the CD, or epson.com/webreg products, and service. Introduction
This This the information to the to and instructions, troubleshooting instructions, specifications, and warranty information. Please follow these as through the Warning: to to to information about helpful of services hours (U.S.) or this to or information and If the service. and the PIN the that with Introduction
the Follow the instructions this section to choose location the the and Choose Location You the the shown below, as as the
Ideally, the and height its the top and of the If this the to the of thumb, to the or nearly its and or right about one-half its If the off to the straight (rather than the of the then the to the the try to the hand, or the the to the the Projection to from of to of
The of the the from the to the and the the these as aspect ratio Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to aspect ratio height) to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to the
aspect ratio Projection height) to to to to To the when know the (or the when know the the This the (U.S.) or these there of around and the the top of that the the within of grounded outlet or cord. to 3D correctly, 3D within of the the below to the 3D (the the 3D the optional 3D the 3D normally or the located than from the Optional Accessories information. the
the To the first to the location, based the of the as to the To the from the optional mount the information. Follow the instructions included with the mount to the Warning: or the mount, to the screws from and type of or These the casing to crack and the causing serious and serious to the If the the to invert the that appears right Follow these Press the the the then Projection Select Press the to the the
The following the of the the LENS
Connecting the Connecting and You the to of such as /DVD or or You to or PC or Apple You to of the of the shown below: information with WirelessHD only). HDMI1/ HDMI or higher 3D): HDMI2 (with PC to to RGB RCA the to the three Match the and the the
to the HDMI If HDMI, to the high or You to or higher HDMI to the 3D features. If HDMI or higher, HDMI to the recommended that with the included Follow the below to the The included round HDMI The non-round or thick HDMI the HDMI to of the HDMI the the of the anchor the the HDMI as shown below. the around the HDMI the the and the the HDMI To the the and the HDMI Then the of the anchor and of the the
Other the and other below, to the the the and grounded To AV with the to the RS-232C To such as to the and the option to On information. The 12V DC To the optional IR 3D RJ45 straight to both the and the 3D IR the back of the and information. the
the Remote The AA Warning: from If immediately. Release the and the cover. AA as shown. the cover and it clicks the the or the front or back of the within of the If the the If the the Turning the On and Turning On the Turn the switch the back of the Turn connected to Press the On the or the the To children from turning the the Child If the turn High the properly cool the the high the Remote
The light flashes while the If to the as Turning the Turn off connected to the Press the the or the the and the light to Turn off the switch the back of the Turn off this when to the of the Selecting the Source The buttons the and switch from of connected to the (such as or or Press the Source the that to the to which connected. There when switching the
If the the of Press the to through the and the If appear, To temporarily off the and the the the Press the to to Positioning the If the front of the the and, buttons to the and of the You to the the the Press the to off the the buttons
The (V) to of the height of the while the (H) to of the of the If of the than the other, the to the If necessary, the front that the If the the with the Its to the physical of the to this. If cant the the of the the to the the
the that to the to the If the the to the the
Follow the instructions this chapter to basic to the and further Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the
Choosing the Aspect Ratio resized to when selected as the Aspect You to the of the (or aspect the Aspect the or through the HDMI or the aspect ratio selected and If the the top and off. You the Caption option and other to and the the the when choose Aspect Select of these Normal TV broadcasts, or with aspect recorded and using Normal expanding to the whole This stretches only the right and of the the unchanged.
3D To 3D first to of the HDMI You of or active Turn and playback the Press the 2D/3D the necessary. Press and the 3D least second. The light and about seconds. To the off, the least second. The light three when the turned off. 3D troubleshooting
Projecting Screen You the Screen to from to each other. You the the or the The with of the below to which HDMI1 HDMI2 WirelessHD PC the Screen other and to both Also, cant Screen when 3D Press the the The currently selected input to the of the HDMI1 HDMI2 WirelessHD PC
Press the button. You this To input the other the Source the input and (You necessary.) To switch the the and To the the option, and to the input the appear the choose the To the the or Choosing the You the to brightness, and the lighting You each input sourcewhich of from might the HDMI to the with the closed, and the PC to with the
Select the to then the the Choose from these the brightest the 3D the brightest 3D when the 3D 3D 3D when the 3D Advanced To further the and the and RGBCMY tones the RGBCMY the You these and other and the You of with the Memory easy If the selected the to the factory
the You from to or from or displayed increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. to The the the the these affects which as bright areas. Press the Select from the Select Advanced and then You the following displayed the of the following: Select of the correction the or the and the You the reflected the the right. The the input and the the Press the to Select Then with the of the following: from the You the the arrow buttons to the to the of brightness to then The appears with the selected Press the or to and then to and Select from the the appears, the or to the the that to and then the or to the Press to and Press the to the when
RGBCMY this to the and each of the (R), (G), (B), (C), (M), and (Y) Press the RBGCMY You the following the the or the to the to and the Select the or Brightness that and the or to the Press to another or RGBCMY to You the offset and the RGB the the The includes to the from once and to from turning the without To the follow these Press the the Select and the OK Select and the OK Choose from these options:
Child to the the about seconds. the to the to from reach. the Child the and the switch when the Direct On option to the the the appears the whenever with turned To the the To and the the least seconds. Press to the If turned the the locked. If turned the Child off the and cool The Child the cool-down
You the on-screen to to the qualitysuch as the brightness, sharpness, and You the and other features. the You the from the or the buttons the You the or that selected You the and the To the the the or You this options You input and connected to If item or this that the apply to the input or Press the or to highlight option Memory Info or then the to Press the or to highlight then the Press the or to as necessary. You to the to choice. the highlighted
finished, the to to the previous or the to the To of the the You this the of the Press the or to the Press the or to the when displayed, the to the to its factory the these options to the Select from to the the arrow buttons to choose the screen the Select the
the Quality the these already selected the and as Then the this section to the to each input type, input HDMI, PC), and the input switch to the other input and Brightness If the from connected and appear the Brightness and You and each and The Brightness light the and the the the bright and of the The other this section the the light and of the Brightness Brightness the brightness brightly or to increase the brightness. Decrease the or this reduces and and to the of the This the bright and areas.
Iris Iris this the light to the of the Select Normal or High to would the to to the of the The each and It to High that from bright to Normal other Advanced This when NTSC input through the or when input through the This the threshold which of the IRE). with DVD and the United States, this specifications to of the EPSON White Advanced EPSON White This when the input through the HDMI1 or HDMI2 with the to or If bright of the washed or overexposed (when the input IRE), this to HDMI Advanced HDMI This when HDMI1 or HDMI2 selected as the This when White to On If HDMI and connected to the HDMI the of the to match that of the This the light output from the On Normal the brighter and the To and the of the ECO
Sharpness and Quality If the or or these to Sharpness Sharpness this function to and appear the This each and You to the sharpness of the or Advanced to the following The Advanced with input through the PC Choose Thin-Line to such as and clothing. Choose Thick-Line to and backgrounds. Choose to increase sharpness. Choose to increase sharpness. Converts to the that Select with to when with amount of This when or or or input through the HDMI1, or HDMI2 Motion Detection Motion Detection This to Select slow-moving or or higher This when or or or input through the HDMI1, or HDMI2
Reduction Advanced Reduction This with input through the PC This reduces of You from of reduction. Advanced This the and then them to reduce and You from of You this the the This the of the You from of that intentionally of the such as out-of-focus backgrounds, become If the correct, them these the first three below to the If to the with the each and This with input through the PC the of the This with input through the PC the and
the and the appear warmer or cooler. to the and the amount of or the correcting black-and-white they tinted. RGB Advanced RGB the RGB to the of the You the offset and each (red, and to and the lightest shades. RGBCMY Advanced RGBCMY the RGBCMY to the and of the (red, each to to another option. You this the RGBCMY the information.
Advanced You from to or from or displayed increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. information. Advanced The only when the to THX You from three to the and Select SMPTE-C (USA, and other using NTSC), EBU (PAL) or HDTV 3D the options the 3D to 3D brightness, the 3D and other 3D You should only the 3D Format and 3D 3D correctly. these with 3D 3D 3D 3D or 3D You this the 2D/3D the 2D-to-3D Conversion 3D 2D-to-3D Conversion this to 2D 3D
3D Format 3D 3D Format this to the 3D the correctly the 3D when this option to You should the 2D or Top and when properly 3D information which to select. 3D 3D 3D the of the 3D Select the or to increase the appearance of the 3D 3D Brightness 3D 3D Brightness the of 3D Select the or High the 3D too This when 3D Format to 3D 3D 3D the the and right the 3D active this function 3D correctly. 3D IR 3D 3D IR Select connected 3D IR Optional Accessories information). 3D Notice 3D 3D Notice or the that when 3D activated.
to the previously, the Tracking and RGB Normally, these the If that the or to the yourself. this that the the and of the Tracking Tracking the tracking to It to the when the of (such as text white background). This with input through the PC the synchronization to blurriness. the tracking properly first. This with input through the PC
WirelessHD only) these options to the WirelessHD and the WirelessHD reception WirelessHD Select this option to of WirelessHD The MAC of the included WirelessHD found the of the the arrow to the and to WirelessHD WirelessHD WirelessHD or the WirelessHD Reception WirelessHD Reception Select this option to the WirelessHD reception If WirelessHD reception try the to location. WirelessHD this option to the the WirelessHD
WirelessHD this option to the of the WirelessHD and them to their WirelessHD Select this option to WirelessHD and them to their Press the while Screen to this the of the Choose to increase the of the Right to increase the of the right or to the the the and of each input, the appear to of when the option selected. Source Source Select this option to the Source and which should The and Right the and right the arrow buttons the to highlight or Right the to Press the to option.
Once finished selections both to the Source and apply these combinations of cant selected. input combinations of combinations. this option to switch the the and right of the Selecting Memory and the with memory locations where to the each of Creating Memory Memory to of the and them to memory, the to the Press the Memory the Select Memory Select the memory to then the to indicated highlight to the memory If that already the existing and their
Selecting Memory You easily the memory using the Memory the Press the Memory the Select Memory the arrow buttons to the then the the appears the the applied, the input Memory You memory that they to Press the Memory the Select Memory Select the memory to then the The selection displayed. of the following: To from the the and the To and the to the the arrow buttons to character, then the selected of the characters and the
Memory You clear memory once. Press the the the then Memory Select then the to the memory You memory with the Memory the Memory the If the isnt what or improperly. If necessary, the to its factory-default To the (such as the or that and as The below shows to the the You the or the to their Follow these Press the the the and
of the following: Select Hours to clear the and it to You should the when information. Memory to clear memory Select to to their and the this section to the and on-screen and options. of these already selected aspect ratio the type of Advanced and HDMI this the of the that normally the If interference when to the as below. The when the input HDMI1, HDMI2, or WirelessHD. This with input through the HDMI1 or HMDI2 the arrow to the of the the
Aspect Aspect This the aspect ratio of and the as the Aspect the information. or through the HDMI or the aspect ratio selected and If the the top and off. You the Caption option and other to and the the the when choose Aspect Caption Caption the and of the that only the Aspect to the Screen Turn this off to on-screen from appearing (such as the or the text that appears when switch or Turn this off to the from appearing while the Background Background the thats when the or when the A/V to temporarily
Other Projection Projection You options the Rear Rear/Ceiling Direct On Direct On to without the the or the On the Direct On that the to this the the such as NTSC or PAL TV this to match the type of to the to the the or or to manually Turn off this to the lights the and light. this the lights distracting Turn off this the to the off when there Select or as the of shutoff; the and the of the the To the back the the or the On the
Child Child the the to child to the information. the buttons the to the from once information. High High the of the properly cool the higher Turn this the of or higher. The operating Turn this to the to when the If this the the the
WirelessHD You the included WirelessHD only) to wirelessly HD from to the the WirelessHD the WirelessHD that the lights the front of the the within of the and located the The wireless the and of surrounding the with or and the as this with the the below to the the WirelessHD (the the WirelessHD WirelessHD
WirelessHD To to with the WirelessHD follow these Follow the instructions the and the within of the the AC the and HDMI to and the HDMI the of the WirelessHD Turn the switch the back of the Turn and playback. Turn the Press the WirelessHD the displays from If it WirelessHD WirelessHD
HDMI HDMI to the with HDMI them the HDMI buttons the This to commonly typical DVD connected to the through or theater the to the HDMI CEC the HDMI to the DVD as as the DVD conforms to the HDMI CEC HDMI CEC functions the connected and with the HDMI CEC HDMI To to with the HDMI buttons, follow these Press the HDMI the HDMI and to On Press the HDMI to the HDMI HDMI Amplifier DVD HDMI
connected their HDMI functions to the HDMI Press the HDMI the Select You this the and arrow to the to then type AV or and the Once the selected, the HDMI buttons the to You the On and arrow buttons. Commonly include turning the when playback, the and operating the HDMI allows and other to turned and off together: If connected the and switches to the input The switch the back of the this to If the connected such as and DVD If connected, the turned off the the connected turned off. The CEC function of the connected this to HDMI
to the clean. You to the to overheating. Warning: cleaning of the it off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. The should the and the If another replacing, or servicer. Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the the to the the while the turned blower that to from the To or smears, cloth or If necessary, the cloth with and the Warning: that The high heat the fire.
the with only cleaning that cleaning optics. touching the with to or to the Cleaning the 3D the included cloth towels) to the 3D whenever or the the 3D with
Cleaning the the turn off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the and with cloth. thinner, or other These the or the Cleaning and the includes to the performance. If collects the as below. clogs and overheating and to the You the while the mounted to the necessary. The the Press the the or the the the light to flashing, and off the switch the back of the The cools the cord. Press the of the cover to release the latch, then to the cover.
the as shown. Gently both of the four or to from the force when the or crack and become the or or to or the that and other office to from the of the If gently the using (such as paintbrush). If the to or the You purchase V13H134A39 from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca the as shown.
the of the cover the notches the then the of the cover to as shown below. the The to hours Normal You the Info to Its to the when: The or to The light flashes or half-second The the appears the when selected, and Turn off this when to the of the You purchase V13H010L69 from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca to the Information the Warning: the cool (about the that the and should to the of the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the
Follow these to the If the the the or the the and the light to flashing. Turn off the switch the back of the and the and about hour to the the screw the cover. the cover as shown. the screws the (they the
the and the of the Warning: The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the the the and the the screws. Dont the of the assembly. Touching the the cover. (The the cover or
Tighten the cover screw. the as the the the back the switch the back of the and the the or the On the Then follow these to the Press the the or the buttons to the then Hours highlight and the finished, the to The shows 0H the least hours. Checking the You the Info to information about the and the To the Info Press the the or
the buttons to the Info The following information appears: 3D Format Source Info depth) Scan information) Refresh Rate The information the currently selected The Hours shows 0H the least hours. The the of the The of the and selected the If to the the following: the of the within to F to C). the front the from the the its or Transporting the incurred The and the repairs, the If the that become the the of and that the
This section to the lights, with the and and technical What To the Lights On or The lights top of the the and when If the isnt correctly, first the the cool and the cord. Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the If the and light they turned off the Lights indicating Light and lights off The turned off. The Press the light off, the or the On the to turn
Lights indicating operation Light and light flashes light and Lights indicating Light and lights off The the connected securely both The light flashes The The too which off the automatically. light the cool then back there of around the Also, clean or the The light The to replaced. flashes The light There with the If the flashes the and its cover securely Turn off the and from the the to cool, then the and cracks. If the isnt cracked, the and the If this the or the cracked, The the to appear. The cooling the light flashing and off. Then the the or the On the to it back Projection High-speed cooling If the further, automatically. there of around the Clean or the If the High the cool the properly If the High the cool the properly
Lights indicating Light and The There or Turn off the and light flashes from the Then Both warning lights flashing You the the and the switch the back of the turned Then the to light the the or the On the If the the the to turn the If the Child to the the seconds to turn the or the appears the or the displayed. Press of the Source buttons the or the the to the input Allow seconds the to the Press the the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. that the light and flashing, and the cover The (or If the and the light off, the to the back turned connected correctly There internal Turn off the and from the Then
3D or correctly. Press the 2D/3D the to switch to 3D necessary. within the 3D that and both to the that with information. Press the the the then 3D then 3D Format that the option selected. the 3D option to If connected to the WirelessHD only), of the displayed, or the distorted. Press the Aspect the to aspect ratio If the Aspect to to the Caption option to the top or section of the that the to correctly the to the the If connected and the the turned off. If of the off, the If connected to the WirelessHD only), the and within the wireless and appears the If using Press the function that Its often with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to
If the function both might to the the to that both the LCD and From the the the the then Advanced The the from to to then the as or or If OS X: the Preferences and the VGA or LCD option, necessary. Click the or the The or reversed. the Projection the The isnt If the or the or then the to the The or the correctly connected If and or the securely both If using interference the shielded. You to If the and try turning off LCD The the correctly
There the Clean the as the the If the from of using the Sharpness If from to the Tracking and The the right. the correctly connected Press the the to both the brightness and the with the If the to the the to the the to the of its service
Remote The to commands. within about of the and the the front or back within the shown below. You to the Press the and the buttons If they the batteries. the lights and off lights. the sunlight. Turn off that such as heater. there the and the IR receiver.
WirelessHD The from the WirelessHD the WirelessHD reception and the of the WirelessHD If the to the to the or located the and the that connected to the WirelessHD WirelessHD only) information. You to the WirelessHD Turn off both the WirelessHD and the then turn the WirelessHD and the seconds, then the the back of the the WirelessHD as this with the If the and lights the flashing, the overheating. the the back of the and that the F C). WirelessHD displayed, the The and based the of the the WirelessHD reception and the of the necessary.
Where to technical hours (U.S.) or troubleshooting information, and technical through to To the service, and the PIN the that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of the or the Info connected to of the Purchase and Accessories You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=2.00 to Brightness Normal White light to (ISO light to ratio to to inches to Projection to to ratio to Aspect ratio to Normal selected, and Brightness Turn off this when to the of the UHE High Efficiency), E-TORL hours (Normal hours (ECO V13H010L69 ECO Specifications
Remote Approximately AA WirelessHD only) AC DC WirelessHD Conforms to WirelessHD operation: to F to C) Copyright protection HDCP inches Approx. Height inches including inches inches including Specifications Width: inches Depth: inches
Rated AC supply to AC: to AC: to AC: (Normal (ECO (with HDMI to F to C) to F to C) to RH, to RH, to High the United States FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 DNX ICs this to AC: (Normal (ECO (with HDMI Specifications
Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and to the incoming It these as or videowhich through the and respectively. The (SDTV, HDTV) and the HDMI and The PC RGB If necessary, Aspect to the The which the displays the currently active as the following Refresh Format NTSC PAL SECAM Format/ Refresh SDTV HDTV Specifications
RGB Refresh VGA SVGA XGA SXGA WXGA HDMI Refresh VGA SDTV HDTV 3D Refresh HDTV with WirelessHD, 1080P supported. ESC/VP21 Command You AV with to the You the ESC/VP Communication theater from the (U.S.) or Specifications
Notices Information Follow these instructions when and the the when the turned the bright light the when If or the following or other from 3D immediately and health or twitching, of awareness, involuntary strain, headaches, or blurry/double that than seconds. activity (such as vehicle or operating machinery) completely If the and 3D without with health physician. or when to flashing or lights 3D who history of of awareness, to or family history of should health the 3D function. It that while 3D or 3D The least to to of 3D *Based the issued the 3D revised The and of necessary from to If should immediately the 3D or 3D the heath physician necessary. to the of 3D should age or Children and to health associated with 3D and should closely to prolonged without Watching the while too of strain. to the 3D and Therefore, to or stairwells, or wires, and that Notices
The following people should 3D People with history of People with heart People health People who People who physically People the of or who or flashing light effects SOME LIGHT PATTERNS MAY INDUCE SEIZURES IN PERSONS WITH NO PRIOR HISTORY OF EPILEPSY. cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service The and its from children to of suffocation. Dont the or Also, the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily Dont the with and the the to or fire. Dont outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. Dont the and the They and the from overheating. Dont the or other or closed-in provided. through the or the the from the and servicing to service the following when the or or the or to or normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service; or the housing Dont the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Notices
Allow the to hour the or when Dont the or top of heat-producing If the country other than where purchased the that country. Dont the or heavy Dont the of the of to F to C). Doing and to Dont the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or Notices
WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes Copyright Notice rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Concerning of Copyrighted each to and of copyright when using While copying or of copyrighted those as as people Notices
and C 1080Perfect and of Corporation. and and and service of Inc. HDMI, the HDMI and High-Definition Interface of HDMI Licensing, LLC. WirelessHD of WirelessHD LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-35484 Notices