rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This with protection. The property rights to the of this protection the of America, and others. employing this from the Company. The authorize the of this of including disassembly, and prohibited. Reproduction of the of broadcast, performance, or of or thereof) without the of the copyright owner, strictly prohibited. This publication and the features to without and of Corporation. and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. Copyright Notice
lightweight that high-quality, anywhere and DVD, or offers these features: Flexibility to (or from to feet from or DVD of with aspect ratio to ANSI of brightness, enough DVD with and DTS with DTS surround sound Long-life to hours of Two-year service warranty and Warranty with two-year carry-in warranty. offers free Service warranty the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or overnight Service to You using the CD that the products, and service. SM
Optional these and optional the Product (ELPLP44) V13H010L44 (ELPAF14) V13H134A14 security ELPSL01 and these and other optional wall-mountable www.epson.com/homeentertainment Ceiling-mountable You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca About This the to and This information using the features of troubleshooting and specifications. Please follow these as through the to to to Notes: information about Tips: helpful U.S. or to You and and troubleshooting or with If the service. and the PIN the that with
and Remote foot USB Security cover cover Headphone foot Remote
Top Turn or off warning light light from Source Source Increase Stop to previous
Remote from lighting Turn or off The buttons the the to light the Function/numerics DVD switch and light playback Access DVD features
Follow the instructions this section to choose location, DVD and playback. Choosing Location You about anywherein the or You with optional or ceiling-mounted or white The following three To choose white with smooth projection, to coating the with to the quality. Wall and Projection
should directly front of the or facing straight to the If the too the and This the to its You the the or the instructions. The farther from the or the the The following the (measured that the affects aspect ratio to to to to to to to aspect ratio to to to to to to to
these the the within of or cord. than Wall and To of or optional follow the this section. Wall You easily high white There or involved, and and the to that fits To the further, to the with that specially reflectivity and If or professional These coatings with reflective that brightness, and sharpness as as around the Projection mounting and as below. Considering and theater DVD HDTV broadcasts, or other contentthe ratio where the the height. DVD and HDTV broadcasts the vertically and The from to
which and TV broadcasts. Watching DVD or HDTV broadcasts ratio the and and below the usually to inches (the height as 80-inch such as as Considering Screen Mounting wall-mounted, or ceiling-mounted. these characteristics as choose which type would mounting Characteristics Wall-mounted Typically permanently Ceiling-mounted Typically permanently to factors Considering and Quality theater white or of high increase the of with light the light and the If theater with walls, and than white typical or family with reflected light, and Can locations Can of the wall-mountable Can partially of the as artwork Can of the recessed the and completely Can manually or and Can and around and Usually of or
the reflectivity of light Screen reflective measured as with as the reflectivity of white board. Highly reflective brighter the brightness enough theater and the appear to from theater with surroundings and lighting, with than where the light or light, to with than to the brightness. the and to If the too or too high, the rotating them) and If the its the buttons the or the to the
the and buttons the to the the to the To or reduce the aspect ratio of the the the to Normal or the the switch the to the
the Sound To the the or buttons the or You the the to temporarily off the sound. Playback You the buttons the or the to fast-forward, or replay sections of or You items DVD the DVD titles. title of CDs and CDs tracks. There three to or with To or CD or MP3 track, the or the To the or the To and the the or To the or the To and light the or temporarily or the
To Pressing of the following buttons or the off and the the off, and to the to Searching or To or through or CD, or the the the search (or shuttle) increases. To to Motion You or motion Press the Press repeatedly to the Press or to or motion. Each the button, the Press to to To to the chapter or track, the To to the of the chapter or track, the or Press to the to or the and buttons to around the necessary.
DVD top and include that chapters. To or To items or Then necessary. You title or chapter If to the buttons, to the switch the to the the switch, the the through To the then To the then To the then to the Temporarily To temporarily the soundtrack (from the built-in or headphones), The to Press to the You to based the lighting the Press The currently selected the Press repeatedly the appears. seconds, the and the changes. You from the following with bright light. with the or closed. Theatre: completely with high-speed bright
the Sound and You switch sound and surround sound and from the type of (or To the sound the the You the the To switch and surround sound), To the You the the to the Action or CDs, the and with Headphones headphones as shown below: headphones, hear sound from the built-in the to the headphones the or Warning: the too high, when first the headphones. to high sounds hearing. high headphones.
with Other You of and to to further and such as TV, VCR, DVR, or TV receiver, or photo or other that USB containing or input such as or other MP3 to through such as AV to from or to anything or hear through from Devices You to that or To from these to white and to and inputs. from of including and sound You which included with or purchased from connecting, off. the as shown the following with Other
TV, VCR or DVD or TV or DVR, or or or TV receiver, DVR, or with Other White White RCA PC Cr/Pr Cr/Pr PC
to follow these to the and the the and the or the Press the or the the the down-arrow or up-arrow to the then If the Turn the to the connected then the or Normally, selects the aspect ratio automatically. If to the and Normal or the aspect, the the the switch the to the with Other
Connecting USB You USB such as or memory containing memory You or or the following of USB MP3 WMA JPEG the or other to the USB as shown below. Playback automatically. finished, the from the USB instructions MP3, WMA, JPEG, or with Other
Through You to or To sound from the to input You which with or purchased from the turned off, then the as shown: Turn and or other with sound from You to the the Select or PCM to that with PCM. information, You of as and with Other
Connecting or You to or to or or or anything and hear You to and RCA (2-RCA to You purchase these from connecting, turned off. the or as shown. the cords and the the cover and the or the Press the or the the the or up-arrow to PC then Turn the to the connected or Switch the the or to or both and the Usually this function to through choices; instructions. If both the and to the to instructions. with Other White Cr/Pr RCA PC
Normally, selects the aspect ratio automatically. If to the aspect, the the and Normal or the switch the to the with Other
Doing More with Follow the instructions this section to and advanced and features. and and You CDs and CDs or USB with MP3, WMA, and You JPEG CDs or USB CDs To CD, the You of the features, including and to the or track. instructions. You using the buttons, as To the buttons, to the switch the to the To off the the cover. Doing More with
MP3/WMA or You MP3 or WMA and CDs, or USB information the of that supported. or USB that MP3, WMA, and/or of and/or Press or to or To to the or previous or Press or to the selected or finished the the automatically. To off the when the cover. MP3 or WMA through the of the highlight the You the to the displayed. instructions. Doing More with
JPEG or USB that JPEG slideshow. If of and/or and Press or to or then to the To or To the slideshow and thumbnail To the or of thumbnails, or To the of the and If or USB includes both and JPEG slideshow with To the of Select the and to Select the JPEG and to the slideshow. Doing More with
Advanced advanced or and selecting titles, or tracks. On that include or the easy to these features. Repeating Chapter, Title, Track, or You chapter or title DVD to continuously (or You CD or MP3, WMA, JPEG, or To chapter, title, or track, You the indicating the selected option. Press to through the options repeating. On DVD, chapter or title or On or CD, or or MP3, WMA, JPEG, and or To displayed the the You own CD or and titles DVD. to the CD or DVD. Press You the which allows to the switch the to the Doing More with
the to the to titles, or tracks). Press or to the If than chapters or tracks, or to the or Next or Previous the and To or chapter and To the the and To the and the switch the back to the To the To playback, and Selecting and and allow to or from or If these features the buttons the to them. Press the the To the of the To You choice of or To Press the repeatedly to the option You the Playback information as of Doing More with
the Information You the and while DVD, or CD, or Press You information the following below the Press or to the item to and Select the and You the title, chapter, or the as To the buttons, to the switch the to the playback from the title, chapter, track, or selected. CDs with (PBC) CD with playback (PBC), the following: To the item to or or the switch the to the then the as To the or previous or when the displayed. To the playback, repeatedly the displayed. Doing More with
To the function, follow these Press to the Press or and to of the following (each displays or Track the first or seconds of each track sequentially. the and the first or seconds of each Track each track and the first or seconds of each To to the and To the and Select the to the arrow buttons and Doing More with
You access, the sound, and other features of of these the or buttons the You to to from them. locked, to the DVD to Press to the Press the the You the Press the Others Press to highlight then to the Press to then Press to highlight then to Press to New the switch the to the then the buttons. The first to the first, then the the Confirm PWD using the buttons. Press to Once to the locked CD or DVD. If the to the Others Doing More with
Press to the the the You the the to from turning and the (You the to of reach. You to holding the the least seconds. Warning: allow children or to the when turned The bright light that their Press the You the Press to highlight Option then to Child Press Press or to On then Press to the You to the to The off when DVD than You to off while while To the to from the following SLEEP OFF: The switches off of inactivity SLEEP The switches off the of specified, whether or You from to Doing with
the the turn off. You the to the that allow to this selection. Press the the You the Press to highlight the then to the of OSD the Other the DVD or Press to the then to of To the Quality You the the to the brightness, tint, sharpness, and other that quality. Press the You the Press to Press the option to Doing with
You the following items and Brightness NTSC Sharpness High the red.) this switch to or the appears when This Press or to increase or the Press to the the Others The Others including CD and MP3/WMA/JPEG You services and to their Press the Press to the Others Press to highlight the then to or the option. Press to the option then to You choose from the following: Screen the when than Select to off this PBC: Select o turn off when CDs. VOD Select this to This allows to purchase or through services (and them MP3/JPEG or USB that MP3, WMA, JPEG, or normally showing the and Without to the (the or slideshow automatically). Doing More with
Press and to to their factory the and hours). instructions locking instructions locking To the You with or recorded Press the the You the to the Press Press to highlight or Night then to You the following to connected to the Night Turn this DVD Press to the to then to To the You the to the and other Press the You the Press to highlight Option then to Press the option to Doing More with
You the following items: Normally, this to when If appears or interference, the Child Turn this to the the information. Projection: Turn this to invert the the optional High Turn this to that overheat. Select to the or to reduce These the as the and arrows the Press or to the Press to the Information and the You the Info the to the of hours the used, and to the You information and that Press the You the Press to highlight Info then to the and other information. If the than hours, 0H displayed. To the the Press to Doing More with
Caring The to the clean. You to clean the to overheating. Warning: of off and the cord. of as this the severely. try to service this yourself, as specifically this The should the and If another replacing, or servicer Follow the instructions this section to the and clean and the the and or Protecting The anywhere and its should to heat or sunlight, or of with typical please of to and other factors which to internal the warranty the the of Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears, lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the the with Caring
Cleaning the the off and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and the cloth as as then the thinner, or other These the cleaners directly Cleaning and the Clean the and when builds or when the following The overheating. nothing the and or the If the cleaned periodically, become with This overheating and Press the to off and the and other office to the as shown. If clean the or to You purchase V13H134A14) from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Caring
If to the the and off the cover. the and the the cover. Caring
the The of the about hours. You the as If the shown to the Turn off this when to the of the Its to the when: The or to The light flashes The the appears the when If to the the the to You purchase V13H010L44) from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca to the instructions the the Follow these to the Turn off the and the cord. If the cool least Warning: the cool If the the to injury. warning light Source
the cover screw the screwdriver that with the (The screw the Then the cover and the screws holding the (You cant these screws.) the as shown and straight The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Caring
Gently the and its screws. Dont the of the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the assembly. To the cover, then the screw. the the to the as the section. the the and the to turn Press the You the Press to highlight Info then to Press You the following the Select and to the
The displays hours) the least hours. Follow these when the and of the within the recommended the to F to C) and to without ejected. the and the the from the its You its or (as the following section). Transporting incurred and If to follow these to repairs, the If the of cushioning around the of and that If from internally or the To that might caused approximately hour If off the then hour or hand-carrying ejected, the cover closed, and the retracted.
its as shown: Caring
This section to lights, and technical What To the Lights The lights top of its and when If lights off, the connected correctly. The light Press the to The light flashing the to appear. This The light flashing cooling the light flashing The light operating correctly. If the the to to operation. Source
The warning light flashing and the light flashing red. High-speed cooling process. If too automatically. least inches from the Clean or the If High The warning light flashing The to replaced. The light and the warning light red. too and turned off the least inches from the Clean or the If using High cool the light the to the back If the then and The light and the warning light flashing red. The incorrectly the cover or the then off the and the If the or the lights to the back and The light and the light flashing red. with its or then and The light and both warning lights flashing red. then the then and If the lights to flash, and
the securely attached both If the turn off the cord, and the If the light flashing the to appear, which the Child off of The off when than Press the to instructions the appears the turned (the light and If the light flashing to the cover the the DVD the warning light. If flashing or red, to the The off the than If the The DVD than This or scratches. there the DVD.
The the switch the to to the buttons, or to to the other of these buttons. within of and within of its front or back (approximately or right, and or below). You to the theyre with the and as shown the of the If might with third-party and Sound The or of the the instructions. the cover off. There the Clean the as the If from hour If and hour or the from the than and farther than the Sharpness If the that You to the to reduce the amount of correction to the If the
The too light or too Press the the to the the Brightness and If the than to, to the The the right. Press the the to the the or If the The the top or to or the causing to become the or buttons the or to the The the or right to the the There sound, or the sound enough. the button or the Press the the to the sound hasnt off temporarily. If using connected the and white to If using to the the There with the sound the the and the sound If to the the
appear. The DVD might include the to OFF You cant the DVD. The DVD might include with appears the the turned Press the or the Press the or the connected to than You You the the turned connected correctly Press the or the to the Allow seconds to You the Press the the and the The off (too or too Press the the and the aspect The distorted. If interference the the and
The right. Press the the and the Press the the to the the or Where To these technical services: U.S. or to You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the
If with optional the information included the with the Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=1.44, Brightness to (ANSI) ratio to to inches to Projection to ratio aspect ratio Native DVD Unit Surround, DTS Surround DVD DVD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW, DVD-ROM, DVD CD-R/RW, CD-ROM, DVD-VR, CD, CD, CD, MP3 (CD/DVD), WMA (CD/DVD), JPEG, (CD/DVD), (CD/DVD), specifications. correction to to Specifications
Remote AA Battery Projection UHE High Efficiency) ELPLP44/ V13H010L44 hours selected, and Turn off this when to the of the inches inches Rated to VAC Rated off: to F to C) without to F to C) without to RH, to RH, to Specifications
and United States FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 Compatible Normal aspect aspect aspect TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) Normal aspect aspect aspect SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV Specifications
Normal aspect aspect aspect VGA SVGA56/60/72/75/85/, XGA60/70/75/85, SXGA60/75/85 MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 that include VGA Specifications MP3, WMA, and JPG that to the following specifications: ISO9660 or that recorded the write [UDF] read.) Half-width English characters only, with or count to Track count to MP3: to WMA: to to of to recorded WAV and MPG supported. JPEG created and conforming to the DCF Motion JPEG supported. such as supported. Specifications DNX ICs this
Scottish Georgian Amharic Sotho; Southern Marathi South Marshallese North South (International) Interlingue Irish Northern North Island) Church Corsican Wolof English Luxembourgish; Shona Specifications