5025UB the the instructions the Choose location the and height its with the top or of the and horizontally. If this isnt the or the correction the to the the to 3D correctly, RF 3D within of the the below to the 3D (the the 3D the information where to the Choose from the following types, the and the Source buttons the or the the to switch them. HDMI RCA HDMI VGA HDMI of HDMI to the HDMI and the other to HDMI of VGA to the PC and the other to If switch to Troubleshooting). to theater or theater Surround sound theater information Turn Turn or the Press the the or the On the The and the light flashes then To the the the or the the then You to the to cool The of the English. To another the the or Select and Select and Select and Press the to the the If of the Source the or the the to the If or other Troubleshooting. Turn the and to the and the To the the front as shown below. Turn the to reduce or the Turn the to the If or the or buttons the to this. the that to the to the quality. If the the or buttons to the the the as shown AA Turn Choose which to Access information using the the 3D To 3D first to of the HDMI You of V12H548006) or RF 3D active Turn and playback the the to 3D Press the 2D/3D the necessary. the switch 3D to the On If the 3D to them with the the within of the then and the the 3D least seconds. The light the alternately and red, then seconds Turn off Turn off Switch 2D and 3D
to theater or theater Surround sound theater information Turn Turn or the HDMI Press the the On the or the The and the light flashes then RCA HDMI VGA To the the the the then or the You to the to cool The of the English. To another the or the and Select and Select to Press the Select and the 5025UB the the instructions the Choose location the and height its with the top or of the and If this isnt the or the correction buttons the to the the to 3D correctly, RF 3D within of the the below to the 3D (the the 3D information where to the the Choose from the following types, the and the Source buttons the or the the to switch them. HDMI and the other HDMI of HDMI to the to HDMI and the other PC of VGA to the to If using switch to Troubleshooting). the If of the Source buttons the or the the to the If or other Troubleshooting. Turn the and to the and the To the the front as shown below. Turn the to reduce or the Turn the to the If or the or buttons the to this. the that to the to the If the the or buttons to the the the as shown AA Turn Choose which to Switch 2D and 3D Access information the the 3D To 3D first to of the HDMI You of V12H548006) or RF 3D active Turn and playback the the to 3D Press the 2D/3D the necessary. the switch 3D to the On If the 3D to them with the the within of the then and the the 3D least seconds. The light the and red, then seconds Turn off Turn off
You 2D HDMI to 3D. To the 2D-to-3D Conversion option, the the or Select and then 3D and Select 2D-to-3D Conversion and Select the or then the information 3D Troubleshooting If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing. Press the the or of the Source buttons the to switch to the necessary. If the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while (such as F7 the to appear. If using Preferences and Click the and the If 3D properly, the following: Press the 2D/3D to switch to 3D necessary. that within the 3D Choose location the front of this or the information. that 3D the switch the 3D the then back to the On Press the the then 3D then 3D Format that the option selected. that and both to the that with information. to information about the the to the If from the CD or to the as below. Telephone services To the service, This service the of warranty You with (US) or hours to through and to and hours of to without or charges apply. (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or to and offers. You the CD included with or epson.com/webreg Optional of optional the You purchase RF 3D V12H548006) or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or Notices Bluetooth and Specifications Bluetooth DBUB-E207 This instructions and the specifications. this to and performance. U.S. FCC Notices FCC ID: BKMAE-E207, TLZ-WH064R This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or or the the authority to this This or operating with other or Properly shielded to LCD to FCC The with RF interference Radiation This with FCC forth This should and operated with the Industry (IC) Notices IC: 1052D-E207, 6100A-AWWH064R This Class with ICES-003. CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) This with RSS-210 of the Industry to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. Radiation This with IC forth This should and operated with the Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers Inc. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: H585A 5025UB America, Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty. What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States, or free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase. This warranty to the and to the which warranty of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If service the warranty please the the of this and to the and of purchase. its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as the United States, or You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If authorizes instead of to to or its authorized service where the repaired and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. If the as of the warranty service, the the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States, or This warranty cover such as This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or warranty service should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software the of or interaction with products, or service other than or Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES: THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATION MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. and breach of this to of the the products covered this action breach of warranty brought within months of the of the warranty. performance or nonperformance to its reasonable as this written warranty, neither its or including or including profits, of downtime, of third including customers, or to property, from the or to the products, whether from breach of warranty or other theory. allow warranties or breach such the this and the apply. include both and of this to conducted California, with the of the American Association, and the the thereof. This with the of the State of California, this which with the Act. To the Authorized please To the Customer please To the SM please or the U.S. and or write to America, Inc., P.O. CA EPSON and and EPSON of Corporation. of Inc. of Apple Inc., the U.S and other countries. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc., Printed XXXXXX CPD-42011
Optional of optional the You purchase RF 3D V12H548006) or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or Notices Bluetooth and Specifications Bluetooth DBUB-E207 This instructions and the specifications. this to and performance. U.S. FCC Notices FCC ID: BKMAE-E207, TLZ-WH064R This with of the FCC Operation to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or or the the authority to this This or operating with other or Properly shielded to LCD to FCC The with RF interference Radiation This with FCC forth This should and operated with the Industry (IC) Notices IC: 1052D-E207, 6100A-AWWH064R This Class with ICES-003. CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) This with RSS-210 of the Industry to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. Radiation This with IC forth This should and operated with the You 2D HDMI to 3D. To the the or 2D-to-3D Conversion option, the and 3D then and Select Select the and 2D-to-3D Conversion Select then or information 3D the Troubleshooting If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing. Press the the or of the Source buttons the to switch to the necessary. the function If that It or such as CRT/LCD You to the the F7 while (such as to appear. and Preferences If using and the Click the checkbox. If 3D properly, the following: to switch to 3D necessary. 2D/3D Press the that within the 3D Choose location the front of this or the information. that 3D the then back to the switch the 3D the On the Press the option that the 3D Format then 3D then selected. that and both to the that with information. Where to information about the the to the If from the CD or to the as below. Telephone services service, This service To the the of warranty You with (US) or through and to hours and hours of to to without or charges apply. (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or to and offers. You the CD epson.com/webreg included with or Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers America, Inc. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: H585A 5025UB Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty. What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States, or free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase. This warranty to the and to the which warranty of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If service the warranty please the the of this and to the and of purchase. its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as the United States, or You securely the and to within of of the or to the of the the that to the If authorizes instead of to to or its authorized service where the repaired and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. If the as of the warranty service, the the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States, or This warranty cover such as This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or warranty service should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software the of or interaction with products, or service other than or Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES: THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATION MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. and breach of this to of the the products covered this action breach of warranty brought within months of the of the warranty. performance or nonperformance to its reasonable as this written warranty, its or including or including profits, of downtime, of third including customers, or to property, from the or to the products, whether from breach of warranty or other theory. allow or breach such the this and the apply. include both and of this to conducted California, with the of the American Association, and the the thereof. This with the of the State of California, this which with the Act. To the Authorized please To the Customer please To the SM please or the U.S. and or write to Inc., P.O. CA EPSON and and EPSON of Corporation. of America, Inc. of Apple Inc., the U.S and other countries. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc., Printed XXXXXX CPD-42011