Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The and include these features: Bright, high-resolution to of light and of white brightness (white light to of brightness light and of white (white light light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO to inches 3D Active 3D with RF active Supports top-and-bottom, and 3D connectivity HDMI or One High-definition HDMI high-quality and from and smartphones shows USB memory to or
Additional with Remote Remote AA 3D 3D charging WirelessHD WirelessHD AC CD topic: to the to the following To You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI You purchase from or authorized To that includes only DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple and through the HDMI To HDMI MHL, MHL or HDMI and MHL with with integrated MHL To and 3D HDMI and active 3D (3D included with You purchase them from or authorized If 3D that 3D playback. or purchase information.
Optional and To with from with or purchase information. To sound, or with and the to to the and the or purchase information. topic: Related references Optional and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or offers the following optional and Option or (ELPLP85) V13H010L85 (ELPAF39) V13H134A39 RF 3D (ELPGS03) V12H548006 Wireless LAN (ELPAP07) V12H418P12 mount CHF1000 ELPSC80 ES1000 V12H002S4Y ES3000 V12H002S3Y VGA/SVGA F3H982-06 VGA/SVGA F3H982-10 VGA/SVGA F3H982-25 HDMI AV22300-03 HDMI AV22300-06 HDMI AV22300-12
Warranty and Information Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Option or security ELPSL01 Remote to the and 2-year service topic: with basic warranty that with the warranty brochure that with offers Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service using the CD or this epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic: Follow the these as to injury. to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to using where to (U.S) or and to technical hours
Locations instructions the Network Projection If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related references Where to the to learn about the Parts Rear topic: Introduction to
cover Remote foot cover and topic: Locations
AC input RS-232C Security Remote USB
Service HDMI PC HDMI 1/MHL or HDMI topic: Locations Related Security Mounting topic: Locations
light light button/light Source through the of buttons, buttons and arrow buttons and arrow buttons Brightness (selects options) light topic: Locations Related Light
Remote On the Source buttons input
HDMI (displays the HDMI (displays the of the connected buttons playback and other of that the HDMI CEC or MHL 3D Format the 3D Arrow though selected to high Memory the Memory The the WirelessHD or off) through connected to the WirelessHD the and connected to the the when (displays A/V off and sound) 2D/3D 2D and 3D Aspect (selects the aspect RGBCMY and each RGBCMY (selects (reduces around the of and (selects buttons
off sound only; (temporarily lights the buttons) off the topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the Remote You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or it mount. of around and the and top of or to that the the within reach of grounded outlet or cord. and Projection topic: the You or the following
Rear Rear Wherever the to front of the of the If the front of the to the instead of using correction quality. If from the or from the rear, to the option the
Projection topic: Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to approximately to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or
or and from of to of the when the shifted to the highest from of to of the when the shifted to the lowest the from the when the shifted to its or right Aspect Ratio or Screen
or inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches Screen or from from from inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches Aspect Ratio or to to to to to to to to
or inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches to inches or from from from inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches topic: to to to to to to to to
You the to of and to or other with or without sound only such as DVD players, streaming smartphones, and with To smartphone or to that allows to to the This allows to smartphone or and sound, input type of that or HDMI shows without or USB such as or If the High to the internal properly. and the Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to Connecting to USB Devices topic: the Related
Removing and Attaching the Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDMI Source to to the cover or to and the the of the cover, then the cover. To the cover, the top first, then the cover topic: Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to MHL-Compatible Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the optional HDMI The HDMI the the HDMI to HDMI
Connecting to the other to of the HDMI If connected it seconds to appear when switch to the input To reduce the to commands, to of or higher. instructions. You the the the to reduce that the HDMI CEC connected to the HDMI the to of the the HDMI the and HDMI to On topic: Connecting to Sources Related If smartphone or to the or WirelessHD MHL or HDMI with MHL If with built-in MHL directly the HDMI 1/MHL or the WirelessHD HDMI MHL (IN) (WirelessHD the connected charge when MHL the MHL or to If MHL to HDMI
Connecting to Source the other of the to HDMI 1/MHL or the WirelessHD HDMI MHL (IN) topic: Connecting to Sources If to the using optional to with the to usually or If these to the other to the input
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound If connected it seconds to appear when switch to the input To reduce the to commands, output to of or higher. instructions. You the Processing to reduce topic: Connecting to Sources Related Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the using optional or A/V the with the to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound You sound through the the to the RCA
Connecting to Sources Connecting to VGA If connected to the HDMI or MHL the with the sound. the to the other of the to the or To sound, and to receiver, then the to the of the receiver's HDMI the You to that its You externally or headphones to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to Sound topic: You the to VGA To that includes only DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the VGA Apple
Connecting to HDMI and If necessary, the VGA to the other to PC the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Sound If HDMI to the optional HDMI To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple and through the HDMI the HDMI to HDMI the other to of the HDMI
Connecting to Sound Connecting to topic: Connecting to Sources If includes sound and the HDMI sound through the optional (with and RCA the to headphone or or or the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources To the sound from the to You the the You the to with The built-in when or connected to the with both and as necessary. the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary.
Connecting to USB Devices USB the of the to topic: Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Projection Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the topic: You and other without using or of these to USB or smartphone USB USB memory or smartphones USB-mounted and USB Class-compliant. USB these USB USB Class supported)
Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Formatted FAT or FAT32 Self-powered their AC recommended) with You shows from connected USB or memory topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related Supported Slideshow You USB or to the USB and to and other If USB with the the USB (or USB or USB memory to the USB shown USB or USB than or the correctly. the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related Slideshow You switch the to the connected to the USB the connected USB turned necessary.
Disconnecting USB or From the the Remote Press the USB/LAN the Press the to through other USB topic: Connecting to USB Devices with connected USB or to the from the If the off and the the USB or from the topic: Connecting to USB Devices The the AA that with the the type of specified this of types, or and the cover.
the with the and facing as shown. the cover and it clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the
Wireless Network Projection the Wireless LAN You to through wireless To this, the wireless LAN and then and wireless The wireless LAN included with You the to wireless network the manually the Network the and the the software. You the software and from the the following software and to and wireless Network Projection software wireless to (U.S.) or and from or with the wireless LAN and free iProjection (U.S.) or information the Wireless LAN Selecting Wireless Network Manually Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Wireless Network OS Network Security Related Optional and To the wireless the wireless LAN the other type of wireless
Selecting Network Manually the wireless LAN the USB The light the wireless LAN when the and operating. The light flashes when the the topic: Wireless Network Related Optional and from wireless the the its Turn the Press the
Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and Select the and to characters to the the the to the Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them.
Wireless LAN Select the Wireless LAN and Select the the Wireless LAN as items or Advanced selected. selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the the wireless to the wireless LAN topic: Network Projection Wireless LAN On Turns wireless LAN
Selects the type of wireless Advanced selects the the wireless SSID to the SSID (network of Search Access the IP DHCP On or Selects DHCP assigns automatically, IP or off DHCP SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Wireless Network Manually LAN characters the wireless LAN the recommended) to the IP and Gateway as to smartphone, or Advanced wireless currently connected where security
Selecting Network Selecting Wireless Network OS Wireless Network Security connecting to the the wireless To wireless software, the and the the of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. Click topic: Wireless Network to the the wireless OS X. Click the the the top of the turned then of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. topic: Wireless Network Projection You security to the wireless of the following security options to match the WPA/WPA2-PSK security (Advanced WPA2-PSK security with the information. Press the the Network and Select Network and
Security Select the Security and the selecting Complete and follow the instructions to and the Wireless Security topic: Network Projection the Security the type of security and security that match the the to. Security WPA2-PSK and WPA Selects the type of security Passphrase from to Selects the topic: Wireless Network Security the wireless characters the
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to features. Turning On the Turning the 3D Selecting the the the Height the the with the Focusing the the Remote Selecting Source Projection Aspect Ratio the with the Turn the or to the the
the cover. the to the the With Direct On the as as The light This that the Press the the or the On the to the The light flashes as the Once the the light flashing and
Turning the Warning: the when the This and If right the following: Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary. Press the Source the to the or the topic: Related Related Selecting Source turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness the A/V the To off the off the of the following: Press the the the the or other to the Press the the The and the light off.
3D To or the the light off, then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing. the cover. topic: You 3D 3D and of RF 3D included with You 2D to 3D the 2D-to-3D Conversion 3D
You purchase RF 3D from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or to the HDMI Turn the then the from the the to 3D Press the 2D/3D the to 3D necessary. the switch the 3D to the On the 3D If 3D the with the If the or within of the and the light flashes the switch the to the and then back to the On to 3D the 3D with the Charging the 3D
the 3D with the 3D topic: the with the to establish them 3D Turn the the to HDMI. 3D the switch the 3D to the On the within of the then the the least three seconds. The light the flashes and red. If the light seconds and then off. topic: 3D
Charging the 3D Charge the when the light the flashes to battery. the of the charging to the the of the the the or the or the other of the to the USB the or other such as that active USB The turned to the The when the light the topic: 3D
3D Selecting the the 3D within the shown topic: 3D If to the and another the Turn the Press the
the Height the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: If from or other and the too high or the height the Turn the and If the the front to their
the the and the to the of the as necessary. If the to the topic: Related Related the If the directly front of the the of the the turning the the and Turn the and
Turn the and the to the of the as necessary. of when the
Correcting with the You the to both the and Follow these when using to the height, the than where to and then using the This the from the and their the topic: You the directly front of the of the and it Correcting Shape with the topic: You the correction to the of that the To the correction first the to the center-top using the Turn the and You to the the the
Press of these buttons the to the Press the to the correction, slightly If the of reach, the with the the the topic: Shape
the with the Focusing the the Turn the and turning the the and accuracy. You to the using the the To or reduce the the topic: Turn the and turning the the and You to the the the
Remote To the the topic: The the from anywhere the You the or the front or back of the that the the receivers within the and
Selecting Source the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the topic: If connected to the such as and DVD to switch from to the other. the connected to turned DVD or other and its necessary. of the following: Press the Source the the from the
the Projection the Press the the the If there than that the to through the HDMI USB and WirelessHD PC (VGA) topic: the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and the Projection the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right the
Aspect Ratio Turn the and Press the Select the and Select the Projection and Select and Press or to the topic: Projection The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to pressing the If to aspect ratio input it the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related
the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios You the aspect ratio of the displayed to HDMI the input the aspect Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the of the aspect appears. To through the aspect input the or arrow Press to the aspect topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from the 3D the aspect ratio to Normal Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Normal using the and the aspect ratio of the using the of the and the aspect ratio of the
the Aspect ratio the of the the aspect The aspect ratio HDMI, and WirelessHD topic: Aspect Ratio The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input using the the Turning On Iris topic: Related You the using the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary.
Press the the to the of appears. To through the input the or arrow button. Press to topic: You the to these the input 2D the based the brightness of the the only when the the to bright with closed 3D 3D bright 3D
Turning On Iris topic: the Iris to the based the brightness of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the Select the and Select the Iris and choose of the following: High to brightness as as the Normal brightness You Iris each that the Press or to the topic: You to
You while 3D or when Processing to the Press the the The HDMI appears as the of the While active, the the to the and of the sub-screen. To the and sub-screen and the least three seconds. Press the to the sub-screen and topic: You the following options the the while active: Subscreen the of the Subscreen the location where the sub-screen displayed Subscreen Source Selects which appears the Switches the displayed the with the displayed the the sub-screen and
the with the Projecting topic: You the buttons the or the to the as with The buttons the internal or connected to the You the each connected input Turn the and that includes To or the the buttons the or these buttons the appears the To the to input the topic: Related You Slideshow whenever USB that This and easily and it the Supported Slideshow Slideshow Starting topic:
Supported Slideshow Slideshow Related USB Related Connecting USB or to the You these of the Slideshow that FAT16/32. type the topic: Projecting Slideshow the following: of topic: connecting USB to the switch to the USB input and You the Slideshow operation options or highlighting Option the of the and CMYK Highly
Press the USB/LAN the The Slideshow appears. the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and of the following to To the arrow buttons to highlight the and (Press the to to the To of the the arrow to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and If than characters or include the shortened or the While the following commands to the as necessary: To displayed the or arrow To to the or previous the or right arrow
Slideshow To the follow the on-screen instructions or the Slideshow topic: Related Connecting USB or to the Disconnecting USB or From the You these options when the Slideshow Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Sorts last-to-first On continuously through
Switching the to Seconds the selected and switches to the automatically; high switch slightly Effect with with of topic: Starting
the and Sound Temporarily the Convergence Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily the Convergence to Memory and Security You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V To the the the topic: You the to manually the (the of the red, and the Allow to least to and the the The should of inches and the should or textured, otherwise the to
Turn the Press the Select the and Select the and Select the and Select On and Select the Select and choose of the following: to the to the You the or the and Select the and Select the to and Select and
You this Press You this: the arrow buttons the to the of the selected the the the You with the finished the
You this Select the four corners and the arrow buttons the to the the of the highlighted the Press the to to the of the finished each of the
to Memory and You this of the following: If correct, and to to the If Select intersection and and the arrow the to highlight the of the that and to the this as necessary. topic: You each of and then the whenever to them. Turn the and Press the You the Memory the to the Memory directly.
Security You this Select of the following Memory with Memory to memory with memory that already indicated previously memory overwrites the with Memory the selected memory Memory memory Press to topic: Related Memory Memory You to theft or the following security features: security to of the the buttons the
the Security cabling to physically the the Security topic: You the buttons the to from the You the to the when the buttons locked. Press the the and Select the and Select of these and To the Child To the the than three seconds. Child the from turning when the connected the Direct On to On
Unlocking the Security To the The displayed the buttons while this You Select and the the to Unlocking the topic: Security Related references If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the Related You the security the back of the to Security from topic: Security Related Optional and Rear
WirelessHD WirelessHD You the included WirelessHD to wirelessly HD from to the WirelessHD WirelessHD Connecting the WirelessHD WirelessHD Switching WirelessHD Sources the WirelessHD The the or off) through output the and connected to the switch the or off) AC the AC (OUT) to with input
WirelessHD Connecting the WirelessHD HDMI (OUT) to such as HDMI input to input HDMI/MHL the of 3D charging USB to charge the 3D seconds to the light (lights when operating or turned lights when the light (lights when wireless to the light (lights when connected to the flashes when searching the or when topic: WirelessHD these as WirelessHD location: the WirelessHD its lights the front of the the WirelessHD within of the and the there clear the and the WirelessHD the WirelessHD with or the WirelessHD as this with the topic: WirelessHD You to HDMI input and HDMI to WirelessHD
the AC the AC input the WirelessHD and HDMI to and to the HDMI input the and back of the WirelessHD You smartphone or to the HDMI MHL (IN) the WirelessHD
WirelessHD To the WirelessHD as pass-through to or other HDMI to the and to the HDMI (OUT) the back of the topic: WirelessHD You wirelessly from connected to the WirelessHD Turn the or connected to the and to from. Press the switch the of the to the Turn the Press the WirelessHD the The light the lights and displays wirelessly. If the WirelessHD the the of the WirelessHD and topic: WirelessHD
Switching WirelessHD Sources If connected HDMI input to WirelessHD the to switch the the WirelessHD Press the the or the WirelessHD You this
the WirelessHD Press the repeatedly to highlight input highlighted the to switch to, release the seconds, the switches to the highlighted topic: WirelessHD If to the WirelessHD the to wirelessly from the This of of that the WirelessHD selected. the the WirelessHD and the WirelessHD the the following to the Press the the or the WirelessHD to the displayed the sub-screen. the to through the connected Press the the or the WirelessHD to the of the sub-screen. The counterclockwise from to each the Press and the the to switch the shown the and the sub-screen. finished using the WirelessHD the to topic: WirelessHD
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Memory Memory Network Network Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or
You the the Press the or arrow to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the Press the or arrow to through the the the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the
Quality the the of the input currently The the currently selected input To input the and that the of the of Varying or the Brightness Varying the light and of the Varying the intensity of the Varying the of to tones the Varying to the Tone higher the and the and
Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of Varying the higher the and the Advanced Selects the RGB High the brightness and ECO the lowest Iris the based the Normal when Can when to or 3D and input from the HDMI or HDMI or from the WirelessHD The Brightness brightness. To the the topic: the the RGBCMY of the White RGB the offset and each ECO High selected RGBCMY the and brightness each White reduces of whites
Related Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input To input the connected and that
3D 3D Selects 3D options Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- Tracking Varying to Varying to or right the location the 2D-to-3D Conversion 3D 3D 2D-to-3D Conversion 2D to 3D 3D Format 3D Format selects the 3D 3D 3D the the 3D 3D Brightness Screen the 3D of the to the 3D 3D Notice height the selected input HDMI 3D Brightness the brightness of the 3D 3D the the and right 3D correctly) 3D Notice the when 3D activated
whether to to Motion Detection to Selects the to to the and of to sharpens On when to On fast-moving graphics, and this with or Select or higher fast-moving
Advanced Reduction Reduction reduces three You only when input from the or when or from the HDMI or HDMI or from the WirelessHD The the 3D Notice Aspect and Processing topic: the Related Aspect Ratios the HDMI which of the this Processing to the the ratio to the or HDMI the to match the of the connected to the HDMI input Processing processed; to or to higher
Related 3D the features. the of the and the the the the and right On when from and sound from the
HDMI the HDMI options the to HDMI HDMI-connected that the CEC On the connected to the HDMI and HDMI or to the WirelessHD HDMI or the HDMI function selects whether to from the internal or connected On what when the or PJ or Bidirectional the when the turned PJ or Bidirectional the when the turned whether turned off when the turned off
WirelessHD with the WirelessHD WirelessHD displays of Reception WirelessHD Child locking to the Selects the the the the oriented correctly 2D-to-3D Conversion Assigns option to the the one-touch WirelessHD whether the WirelessHD Rear Rear/Ceiling Info Reception displays the of the WirelessHD the WirelessHD and the while the WirelessHD selecting this the WirelessHD to the only)* Child the buttons the
the of the and location of the Direct On Selects options Selects options options and Direct On the when the High of inactivity Background whether the Background selects the Confirmation or to when off the lights the (12V DC) that the on/off to connected to the High the operating whether appears when the Confirmation displays the the
Corrects the Select Selects the and displays option) the the WirelessHD To the WirelessHD the the of the least seconds. The the On High and topic: the Related Related the Unlocking the (the of the and the Select the to the the the correction
Memory Memory with memory locations where to the each of inputs. Memory the of that created; and the to Memory the to the memory Memory the of that created; and the to Memory the of that created; and the to topic: the
Network Network the Network information and the Info Wireless LAN wireless and Wireless LAN Network Accesses SSID DHCP IP Gateway MAC
Information Info topic: the You information about the and input the Info However, the The information displayed the currently selected input The hours the least hours. the input
Info the of hours the each the information displayed yellow, Source the of the to which the input connected the input type of the input the of the input Scan the or interlaced) Refresh Rate the refresh of the input 3D Format the 3D of the input Info information that service information the of the input information about that service technician the ID the ID to the of ID
ID the firmware of the ID topic: the Related Optional and Related the the If the ID option the Info displays this of ID the to the associated with the ID and The Network Turn the off and then Unstable the and to the the the Network Projection Communication with disconnected. the Network The Network Projection unexpectedly. the then the off and then 04FE
ID and occurred. Turn the off and then 04FF with the SSID. and to the SSID. The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. Communication with unauthorized disconnected. to DHCP the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP the Network occurred. restarting the Network Projection and restarting If that the topic: Information Info You of the to their the option the You the to when the the option and memory the Memory option.
You the following using the option: Memory the Network topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to the to its You to clean the and the and to the from overheating to The should the and If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the 3D Cleaning the and the Remote topic: and Transporting the Related Where to Clean the or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the 3D Cleaning the To lint-free cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or to the and the to impacts; or the touching the with to or to the topic: To or from the cloth. charging from the cleaning them. or other to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or lint-free cloth.
and Cleaning the To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: to with easily user-replaceable to and the If when the the reached high this warning appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Cleaning the the topic: Related Light You to clean the the following The or dusty. You to Turn off the and the cord.
the the of the and to the cover. the of the
each of the to to off force when the or crack and become the or or to the or and the optics or other areas. the front of the (the with the to If to or the the
the the back the as shown. the cover as shown, and clicks topic: and Related the You to the the following cleaning the to clean or The torn or
You the while the mounted to the or Turn off the and the cord. the the of the cover and to the cover. the of the of to
the the as shown. the cover.
the the cover as shown, and clicks topic: and The of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing and its light flashing the the topic: Related Optional and Information Info Specifications the the cool least hour the
Warning: the cool to You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour. the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. to If the the to the of the cover and of or mouth when the cover.
the cover and off. the screws the to the The screws the
the and the of the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the
Gently the the If easily, facing the right the assembly to the and the screws to
the the screws. the cover and the screw to the cover securely or the the to to of the topic: Related the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the button.
the Remote Select the and Select and You to the hours. Select and Press or to the topic: The AA or batteries. the as as they the type of specified this of types, or and batteries.
the cover as shown. the Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to the with the and facing as shown.
Transporting the the cover and clicks Warning: of to regulations. to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related Remote Specifications The of which Follow these to or the the to the connected to the the the and the protective that included with the the or as firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the
incurred topic: and Transporting the
the these sections using the Projection Light or Sound or Remote Where to If the properly, turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The this If of these technical topic: Related Where to Light
Light The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the light light light light light light light light and Normal Flashing Warming to appear or when the light flashing, the
light light light light and Flashing Flashing too Flashing overheated and turned off; off to cool about then the following: Flashing that the and with or Clean or the the too that the and with or Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and to the or incorrectly; reseat or the as Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and
or Sound light light light light and Flashing Flashing the to Flashing Flashing or Flashing Flashing Flashing Iris the off, Flashing the off, and Flashing Flashing the If the lights the the off, and topic: Related Where to Related Cleaning the the the the these sections with or sound. Appears Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the the off, and and off, and
Appears the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect 3D Not Correctly WirelessHD Source Not Correctly to Sound topic: If appears, the following the off. Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely connected and the the and connected Press the to from or connected or the the to they the the Brightness or the High the to to On If the when the buttons, the locked. Unlock the buttons. with reduce the from from off DirectX topic: or Sound Related Quality Related Unlocking the
Appears From PC From If the appears, try the following Press the Source the repeatedly to through the seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then If the other the of the the From PC From topic: or Sound Related If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the try pressing the If the the and the to the and or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to or topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and
"Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not Click the Select the topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the the and If necessary, topic: or Sound Related Supported If appears, try the following the the Press the Aspect the to aspect to and the within the the assigned to to they created than projecting software topic: or Sound Related Supported If the the following the directly front of the of the facing squarely, using the correction the the top the topic: or Sound
the or Static the or Blurry Related Related the If the to interference or try the following the or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not connected to than or HDMI the the to they match the the and Reduction Select and refresh that with the If the the try the Sharpness to If connected without to caused interference the topic: or Sound Related Quality Supported If the or the following the Clean the
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect To the the from the to the enough to the the Sharpness to If or the and manually the Tracking and If from or to match the topic: or Sound Related Quality Related Focusing the the Cleaning the If the too or light, or the incorrect, the following Press the the to the and the the the such as Brightness Advanced and the securely connected to the and If connected connecting shorter If the ECO selecting High the the enough to the If the progressively to the topic: or Sound
3D Not Correctly Related Related Quality Projection If 3D correctly, the following Press the 2D/3D button the to switch to 3D necessary. You 3D the 3D the to On and both to the that with information. HDMI that 3D selected the 3D Format the Normally this should to to to match the 3D from RF 3D active You purchase them from 3D and charged. If the the switch the to the and then back to the On 3D with the within the 3D using the wireless microwave or other that the band. These with the the and the 3D If the other the the 3D the the to its the topic: or Sound Related 3D Optional and
WirelessHD Source Not Correctly to Sound Related the 3D with the Charging the 3D If WirelessHD correctly, the following WirelessHD selected as the the the reception the and the of the WirelessHD If the to the to the or located the and the that connected to the WirelessHD It to seconds to and appear connecting. You to the WirelessHD Turn off both the WirelessHD and the playback then the WirelessHD and the seconds, then the the of the the WirelessHD within of the isnt and If the and lights the flashing, the overheating. the the back of the and that the F C). If wireless that the light the If off, the the or topic: or Sound Related Related WirelessHD Switching WirelessHD Sources If there sound when or the too or high, the following the
or Remote to or Shut-Off Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source the or the to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the the the and If hear sound from HDMI the connected to PCM connected If using and hear sound from HDMI through the HDMI If to the option to the If the immediately turning off, the cooling high and This topic: or Sound Related Connecting to Source Sound Connecting to Sound the with the the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the Remote topic: If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The security. Unlock the buttons or the to the
to with the The the and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. Press the to the If the off, the light flashing and the light the overheated and off. the this light If the the the its and the Remote turned the topic: or Operation Related Where to Light Related Unlocking the If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the batteries. operating the within the reception and of the the or to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with If the another from topic: or Remote
Where to Related Remote Light Optional and Where to Related the If to technical services, the following options. (U.S.) or to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or of the or the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the
Purchase and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active F=1.51 to to Brightness length: to High White light (ISO light output White light (ISO ECO White light (ISO
ratio inches to inches aspect Projection inches to inches aspect rear, ceiling-mounted aspect ratio (width-to-height) ratio to (Tele-to-Wide) High White light (ISO light White light output (ISO ECO White light (ISO brightness light and white (white light light with IDMS white light measured with ISO with Iris High and with Iris High and
Specifications Remote Specifications sound (High correction and USB One USB and USB input, wireless LAN, and firmware topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) High Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications Reception or AA (ECO to about hours to about hours ECO to about hours
Specifications Specifications topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches inches topic: Technical Specifications Rated to VAC to to
Specifications to V) to V) topic: Technical Specifications ECO ECO (Communication (Communication On) ECO ECO On) to to F to C) to to F to C) to F to C)
and Specifications to topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other resized to automatically. or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA XGA SXGA to with High UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Refresh WXGA WXGA++ TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI input VGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV MHL input VGA SDTV
Refresh SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HD input VGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV WirelessHD, these Color: 2D, or or 3D. HDMI 3D Refresh 3D HDTV HDTV HDTV MHL 3D Wireless HD Top and Top and
Refresh 3D HDTV Top and HDTV HDTV HDMI5 only topic: Technical Specifications Top and
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Source Software Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products topic: Notices the when the the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the shorten the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light front of the the bright light the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted or should technicians using mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the of heat, high-voltage wires, or of the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the where the easily the following when the the with the the the the when disconnecting the to the when outlets, cords, or to comply with these fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners, containing or such as thinner, or the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of cover the with or tablecloth. If the least of the and the the closed-in provided.
allow of to the the of the If or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or to or or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. or the where to or shock. the where or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C) of or or to F to C) higher Doing and to or the where to
the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the that become or heat near the or to the while to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to the of such as candle, or the the or other This the or fire. the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from or mouth when the cover. If of or mouth, immediately. the turning off the Turning the with the too high ears only). The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the WARNING The included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) 3D Instructions Restriction of topic: Notices
3D Instructions Follow these 3D instructions when and the If or the following or other from 3D immediately and health or twitching, of awareness, involuntary strain, headaches, or blurry/double that than seconds. activity (such as vehicle or operating machinery) completely If the and 3D without with health provider/physician. or when to flashing or lights 3D who history of of awareness, to or family history of should health the 3D function. It recommended that while 3D or 3D The least to every to of 3D *Based the issued the 3D revised The and of from to If should immediately the 3D or 3D the heath provider/physician necessary. to the of 3D should age or Children and to health associated with 3D and should closely to prolonged without from the of least three the height when 3D The recommended inch least and least inch Also, recommended using than inches. than the recommended or than recommended 3D and Therefore, to or or wires, and near that The following people should 3D People with history of People with heart People health
Restriction of People who People who physically People the influence of or who or flashing light effects SOME LIGHT PATTERNS MAY INDUCE SEIZURES IN PERSONS WITH NO PRIOR HISTORY OF EPILEPSY. the or that such as or fire interference from the such to malfunction and or the 3D This fire to or the to appear when causing to the 3D or with the within reach of They swallowed. If immediately. the 3D fire or heat or them location to high this built-in rechargeable lithium battery, it burns or fire or charging the 3D only the charging and the to the USB the 3D other as the to overheat, or the 3D or too forcefully them. If the sections or other the the with them. of the of the when wearing the 3D and of the sections such as the hinges. or of the 3D follow and topic: Instructions this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this only to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or
FCC related to please own this topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to However, there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices EPSON and and EPSON of Corporation.
Source Software and TM and TM and SM service of Inc. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL as the These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL
patches wireless_tools EPSON One The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of free software, to to that the freedom to of free software (and this service wish), that or that the software or of free and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software.
Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this free software. If the software and its to know that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of individually the To this, clear that everyone's or The and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another included without the Each as other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered only its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the of this
If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the of Sections and that of the following: Accompany with the which distributed the terms of Sections and software or, with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically distribution, machine-readable of the to the of Sections and software or, with the information as to the offer to (This allowed and the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and installation of the as the distributed include anything that normally distributed or with the and
of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice.
This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to software which everyone redistribute and these To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when interactive Copyright year of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of Coon, of
This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL please the "EPSON the and the of These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13 The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users.
This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of free software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish); that or it that the software and of and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the free library. Also, the and the should that what they the that the author's affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the users of restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or shared library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such the fits its of The other with the library.
this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that the as non-free this there to the to software only, the other to non-free of people to of software. to the GNU C free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that using of the Library. The terms and and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the terms of this "this as "library" of software and/or as to with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library.
Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the terms of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of You the whole of the to to third the of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or collective based the Library.
of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this it that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option useful when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the terms of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section terms of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such and accessors, and and functions or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section
the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that terms of choice, that the of the the customer's and such You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: the with the the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the user who the of the to the to the shared with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying functions the and properly with of the library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the user already of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from However, as the to distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the
It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: the with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the of the Sections with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the only both and this to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other
It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which people to the of software distributed through that of that it to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE
THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS How to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the free software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should received of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of of That's there to
BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California, Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the
The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to it to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please know!) You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its quality, merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software copyright Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group".
of this software only the responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to only as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the terms of the Software Foundation; that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence arithmetic without or this reason, arithmetic from the free JPEG software. arithmetic only the Huffman that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the Unisys LZW GIF reading and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the
The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this This released the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond and with the following additions to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory performance, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom
through Copyright Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc. the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated.
function "about" boxes and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. March This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would required. plainly as such, and as the software. This or from
If the would to The free without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute would that include the history information This includes the software which the following terms of used) as follows. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the and and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this (I) the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the modifications, including to software and
from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You institute (including or that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory then to You this that Work terminate as of the such
Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without modifications, and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or terms and reproduction, or of modifications, or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the terms and of this without terms or Notwithstanding the nothing or the terms of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of or redistributing the Work and associated with of this
of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge fee of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this such obligations, You and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of accepting such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following boilerplate with the with information. (Don't include the The text should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the
The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Worcester, UK. rights LICENSE TERMS The redistribution and of this software (with or without allowed without the of or that: include the copyright this of and the following include the copyright this of and the following their the of the copyright to products built using this software without DISCLAIMER The redistribution and of this software (with or without allowed without the of or that: This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from Each its copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory:
Incorporated Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the and of the BSD This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the warranties of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and only or replicated with the of Inc. University of California, Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T.
to and this software without fee granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright Rights to and this software and its and without fee granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Devices Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the 29K Technical 800-29-29-AMD the USA, or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc.
29K Products Stop E. White TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's (C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written about the of this software Copyright (C) to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the Inc. River
CA USA of Copyright of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L. Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. Moshier to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ Copyright (C) DJ rights
Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the of the of, the software and of correctness, accuracy, reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and the software, and IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright IA, rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. Copyright M. rights
Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov using Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc. Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AREDISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIT This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the "MIT The "MIT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of MIT terms of of each which of the copyright to the "MIT as follows. granted, free of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, and/or
of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. TOPPERS/JSP This includes the software "TOPPERS/JSP" which the and of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP". The "TOPPERS/JSP" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TOPPERS/JSP of of each which of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP" as follows. TOPPERS/JSP Platform Profile Copyright (C) and Laboratory of JAPAN Copyright (C) and Laboratory School of Information JAPAN. The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the
this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, of the following satisfied. The copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution The TOPPERS owing to which the of otherwise. The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. The TOPPERS revised what shown the that to to software TINET This includes the software "TINET" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TINET". The "TINET" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TINET of of each which of the copyright to the "TINET" as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgement: This includes software the University of California, and its Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. TINET and TOPPERS TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following stipulation of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these terms of and the following
Copyright Notice of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, following satisfied. The copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. Stonestreet LLC software LLC and the of right, title and whatsoever and to and to such ownership and to the Stonestreet LLC rights related to the and other rights or directly or or otherwise, or copyrights, or other property rights of LLC LLC Rights topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions.
Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each user to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-41452R1 topic: Copyright Notice