UB Theater
rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and C 1080Perfect and of Corporation. and and and and service of Inc. HDMI, the HDMI and High-Definition Interface of HDMI Licensing, LLC. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-28064 Copyright Notice
Introduction The UB theater-quality the of offers these features: Native ratio to the and to the of brightness (white light and light incredibly lighting Iris that constantly the light based the and black/white of perfectly and C 3LCD increased ratio and 1080Perfect HQV the UB)for free of or artifacts the unmatched with the built-in light expanded, and sophisticated tracking HDMI (High-Definition Interface wide-format including front and mounted, with and offset including to lighting and of Introduction
cover HDMI (top) foot cover (RS-232C) PC switch AC cover release Introduction
Mounting Optional cover Top Source Switches the input Warning lights Introduction the Selects items or the the item
or off when displayed Memory RGBCMY the and brightness each the of the to the Lights the buttons easy Source buttons Switch connected to the the item Selects items or the the lighting Aspect the aspect ratio Sharpness sharpness Temporarily or the Introduction
Optional the following optional the Product V13H010L49 V13H134A21 security (anti-theft ELPSL01 cover V12H003003 mount ELPHB800 Anamorphic UB only) ELPFALKP Anamorphic UB only) ELPALK2 to the and service You purchase these and other from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca and Warranty with three-year carry-in warranty. offers SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or Service brochure To follow the instructions the CD, or epson.com/webreg products, and service. Introduction
This This the information to the to basic and instructions, troubleshooting instructions, specifications, and warranty information. Please follow these as through the WARNING: to to to information about helpful of services hours (U.S.) or this to or information and to If the service. and the PIN the that with Introduction
the Follow the instructions this section to choose location the the and You the the shown below, as as the
Ideally, the and height its the top and of the as shown below. If this the to the of thumb, to the or nearly its height, and or right about one-half its If the off to the straight (rather than the of the then the to the the to the hand, or the the to the Projection to from of to of using the
The of the the from the to the and the the these as aspect ratio Projection height) to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to aspect ratio height) to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to the
aspect ratio height) to to to to to to to to to to to to To the when know the (or the when know the the This the (U.S.) or these there of around and the the top of that the the within of grounded outlet or cord. the
the To the first to the location, based the of the as to positioning the To the from the optional mount the information. Follow the instructions included with the mount to the WARNING: or the mount, to the screws from and type of or These the casing to crack and the causing serious and serious to the If the the to invert the that appears right Follow these Press the the the then Select Press the when that the when the from If to AV with the to the of ESC/VP21 the to or anamorphic the
The following the of the of the
Connecting the Connecting and You the to of such as /DVD or or You to or PC or Apple You to of the of the shown below: HDMI HDMI HDMI (with PC to to RGB RCA the the to the three Match the and the
to the HDMI If HDMI, to of the following (highest first): or or heavy to the such as HDMI recommended that to of the to of these to of these the
Other the and other below, to the the the and grounded The DC when the turned This whether the or off, and to or screen when the On the UB, to anamorphic to the as shown. the to the To AV with the to the RS-232C to the of ESC/VP21 the
the Remote The AA batteries. WARNING: from If immediately. Release the and the cover. AA as shown. the the cover and clicks the the or the front or back of the within of the If the the If the the batteries. Turning the On and Turning On the the Turn connected to Turn the switch the back of the ON the
Press the the or To from turning the the Child If using the High the properly the the high The about seconds to and If to the as Turning the Turn off connected to the Press the the or the to the off. Turn off this when to the of the 24-hour-a-day reduce the of the If to the the light to flashing, then off the switch the back. You the off the switch without first turning off the and cool as or and reduce life. the Remote
Selecting the Source The buttons the and switch from of connected to the (such as or or Press the Source the that to the to which connected. If the the of Press the to through the and the If appear, To temporarily off the and the the the Press the to to the
Positioning the If the the the and to its try to the hand, or the the to the You to the the the Select then Press the to off the You the to when hear click, the centered. If the becomes to turn, the further. If of the than the other, the to the If necessary, the front that the the
The to the both the and the shifted vertically when shifted the amount. the shifted vertically the amount, shifted to of the of the The amount which the terms of the (W) and height (H), as shown below: boundary 1/2H 1/2W to the upwards to the right the
Follow the instructions this chapter to to the and further Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the
Choosing the Aspect Ratio to when selected as the Aspect You to the of the (or aspect the Aspect the Select of these Normal TV broadcasts, or with aspect recorded recorded Normal expanding to the whole This stretches the right and of the the unchanged. Anamorphic when anamorphic UB only). This recorded aspect ratio the built-in If this without anamorphic the the the aspect If anamorphic to with the when anamorphic UB only). This recorded aspect ratio the built-in If this without anamorphic the the the aspect Aspect
or through the HDMI or the aspect ratio selected and If the the top and off. You the Caption option and other to and the the the when choose Aspect Choosing the You the to brightness, and the lighting You each input sourcewhich of from might the HDMI to or the with the closed, and the PC to or with the the to then the the Choose from these UB) or the brightest UB) or the THX UB) or projecting Night UB) or HD UB) that to those professional-use UB) to those the theater. the reproduction when through HDMI.
The built-in when UB) or or UB) or Advanced To further the and the and RGBCMY tones the RGBCMY and the (Not when selected as the You these and other and the You combinations of with the Memory easy If the selected the to the factory RGBCMY
the You from to or from or displayed increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. to The the the the these affects which as bright areas. This when the to Press the You the following the of the following: Select of the correction the or the and the You the reflected the the right. The the input and the the Press the to Select Then with the of the following: Select from the You the the arrow to the to the of to then The appears with the selected Press the or to and then Select it from the the appears, the or to the the that to and then the or to the Press to and
RGBCMY this to the and brightness each of the (R), (G), (B), (C), (M), and yellow (Y) Press the RBGCMY You the following displayed the the or the to the to and the Select the or Brightness that and the or to the Press to another or RGBCMY to You the offset and using the RGB the
the The includes to the from once and to children from turning the without To the follow these Press the the the buttons to the Choose from these Child to the the about seconds. (You the to off, however.) Since the to the to from reach. to the buttons the appears the whenever with turned To the the To and the the least seconds. Press to the If turned the the buttons locked. If turned the Child off the and cool The Child the cool-down If the Direct On turned the switch the to though the Child buttons
You the on-screen to to the qualitysuch as the brightness, sharpness, and You the and other features. the You the from the or the the You the or that selected You the and the If the while displayed, the This the of Press to the reappear. To the the the or You this options You options, and connected to Press the or to highlight option Memory Info or then the to Press the or to highlight then the the highlighted
Press the or to as necessary. You to the to choice. finished, the to to the or the to the To of the the button. You this the of the Press the or to the to Brightness Sharpness Press the or to the Press the or to the when displayed, the to the to its factory
the these options to the Select from to the the arrow to choose the the Select the the Quality the these already selected the and as Then the this section to the to each input HDMI, PC) and the input switch to the other input and Brightness If the from connected and appear the Brightness and You brightness and each and The Brightness light the and the the the bright and of the The other this section the the light and of the
Brightness Brightness the brightly or to increase the brightness. Decrease the brightness or this reduces and and to the of the This the bright and areas. Iris Iris This when the to this the light to the brightness of the Select Normal or High to would the to to the of the The each and Advanced This when NTSC input through the or or when input through the This the threshold which of the IRE). with DVD and the United States, this to of the EPSON White Advanced EPSON White This when or input and the to THX UB), Night UB), HD UB), Theatre Black UB), or Theatre Black If bright of the or overexposed (when the input IRE), turn this to
HDMI Advanced HDMI This when HDMI1 or HDMI2 selected as the This when the to If HDMI and connected to the HDMI the of the to match that of the This the light from the On Normal the brighter and the To and the of the ECO Sharpness and Quality If the or or these to Sharpness Sharpness this function to and appear the This each and You to the sharpness of the or Advanced to the following The Advanced with input through the PC Choose Thin-Line to such as and clothing. Choose Thick-Line to and backgrounds. Choose to increase sharpness. Choose to increase sharpness. You this the Sharpness the
Converts to The 3D HD Processing film-sourced from or pulldown the that Select with With the to when with amount of With the UB, to appears with the This when or or or or input through the HDMI or HDMI the UB, this while the turned Motion Detection only) Motion Detection This to slow-moving or or higher This only when or or or or input through the HDMI or HDMI Reduction Advanced Reduction This when the to or with input through the PC This reduces of You from of reduction. NR UB only) Advanced NR This when the to or with input through the PC This reduces that appear around the of MPEG You from
Block NR UB only) Advanced Block NR This when the to or with input through the PC This reduces that appear when MPEG that only) This when input through the HDMI1, or HDMI2 This when the to or with input through the PC This allows to whether with or pulldown Select On pulldown UB only) This when NTSC, M-PAL, or PAL60 input through the or or or input through the HDMI1, or HDMI2 This when the to or with input through the PC This allows to whether with pulldown or pulldown On pulldown UB only) This the and then them to reduce and You from of This while the turned
If the correct, them these the first three below to the If only to the with the each and If DVD, and then the the Select of the options the to (R/G/B). This without holding while Press the when This when the to or with input through the PC the of the This when the to or with input through the PC the and This when the to THX or the and the appear warmer or cooler. Tone This when the to THX or to the and the amount of or the correcting black-and-white they tinted.
RGB Advanced RGB This when the to the RGB to the of the You the offset and each (red, and to and the lightest shades. RGBCMY Advanced RGBCMY This when the to the RGBCMY to the and brightness of the (red, yellow). each to to another option. You this the RGBCMY the information. Advanced This when the to You from to or from or increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. You this the the information.
UB only) Advanced The when the to THX You from three to the and Select SMPTE-C (USA, and other using NTSC), EBU (PAL) or HDTV UB only) Advanced This when the to This based the You from of UB only) Advanced This the of the You from of that intentionally of the such as out-of-focus backgrounds, become to the previously, the Tracking and RGB Normally, these the If that the or to the yourself. this that the the and of the
Tracking Tracking the tracking to It to the tracking when the of (such as text white background). the synchronization to blurriness. the tracking properly first. Selecting Memory and the with memory locations that there memory locations where other to the each of inputs. Selecting Memory You easily the memory the memory the Press the Memory the Select Memory the arrow buttons to the then the the appears the the applied, the input Memory
Creating Memory Memory to of the and them to memory, the to the Press the Memory the Select Memory Select the memory to then the to indicated highlight to the memory If that already the existing and their Memory You memory that they to Press the Memory the Select Memory the memory to then the The selection displayed. of the following: To from the displayed the and the To and the to the the arrow to character, then the selected of the characters and the button.
Memory You clear memory once. Press the the the then Memory Select then the to the memory You memory with the Memory the Memory the If the isnt what or improperly. If necessary, the to its factory-default To the (such as the or that and as The below shows to the the You the or the to their Follow these Press the the the and
of the following: Select to clear the and to You should the when information. Memory to clear memory Select to to their Memory, and the this section to the and on-screen and of these already selected aspect ratio the type of Advanced this the of the that normally the If interference when to try the as below. This with input through the HDMI or HMDI the arrow buttons to the of the the Aspect Aspect This the aspect ratio of and the as the Aspect the information.
Caption Caption the and of the that the aspect ratio to to the of the and Caption to the or the Turn this off to on-screen from appearing (such as the or the text that appears when switch or Turn this off to the from appearing while the Background Background the thats when the or when the to temporarily Other Projection You options the Rear Rear/Ceiling Direct On Direct On to when the switch turned without the the or the that the to
this the the such as NTSC or PAL TV this to match the type of connected to the to the the or or to manually Turn this to the to when the the UB, to when turned or Anamorphic to anamorphic when that aspect ratio selected. If this the the the Turn off this to the lights the and buttons. this the lights distracting Turn off this the to the off when there Select or as the of shutoff; the and the of the To the back the the or the Child Child the the to child to turn the information.
the buttons the to the from once information. High High the of the properly cool the higher Turn this using the of or higher.
to the clean. You to clean the to overheating. WARNING: of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this The should the and the If another replacing, or servicer. Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the that to from the To or smears, cloth or If necessary, the cloth with and the the with cleaning that cleaning optics.
Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the and with cloth. thinner, or other These the Cleaning and the includes to the performance. If the as below. clogs and overheating and to the Press the and the light to flashing. The cools Turn off the the switch the back. the and Turn the mounted). the the cover to the as shown.
Gently both of the four or to from the the too This to or that and other office to from the of the If clean the (such as paintbrush). If the to or the You purchase V13H134A21 from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca the as shown with the the right. the cover the as shown and the cover the clicks
the The to hours. You the Info to Its to the when: The or to The light flashes half-second The the appears the when selected, and Turn off this when to the of the You purchase V13H010L49 from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca to the Information the WARNING: the cool (about hour) the that the and should to injury. the of the with the invisible the the cloth or to the Follow these to the If the the and the light to Turn off the switch the back of the the and about hour to the light
the screwdriver that with the (or the the back of the to release the cover. Then the cover to the screws the (they the the as shown and straight WARNING: The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the
Gently the and its screws. Dont the of the assembly. Touching the the cover. (The the cover or the as
the the the back the switch the back, and the Then follow these to the Press the the or the buttons to the then Hours highlight and the finished, the to The 0H the least hours. Checking the You the Info to information about the and the To the Info Press the the or the buttons to the Info The following information appears: Refresh Rate Source Info Scan information) The information the currently selected The Hours shows 0H the least hours. The the of the The of the and selected
the If to the the following: the of the within to F to C). the cover and the the from the the its or Transporting the incurred The and the repairs, the If the that become the the of and that the the the from to right turning the clicks. Then the the turning the to the hand, or the the to the If the becomes to turn, the further.
This section to the lights, with the and and technical What To the Lights On or The lights top of the the and know when If the isnt correctly, first the button, the cool off the switch the back, and the cord. Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the Lights indicating Light and lights off The turned off. If necessary, the and the switch the back of the light The Turn off the switch back to off the or the to light flashes and light light and Projection light light flashes; other lights The the to appear. The cooling the light flashing and Then off the switch back to off the or the to back lights Warning lights
Lights indicating Light and lights off The the switch the back of the turned and the connected securely both The light flashes and the light flashing The The too which off the automatically. light the then back there of around the Also, or the necessary The light flashes and the light flashing The light The to replaced. If the flashes the and its cover securely Both lights flashing The There or Turn off the switch light flashes the back of the and from the Then There internal Turn off the switch the Both warning lights back of the and from the Then If the and lights they turned off using the High-speed cooling If the further, automatically. there of around the Clean or the necessary If the High the cool the properly If the High the cool the properly The to If the to the There internal Turn off the switch the back of the and from the Then
You turn the the connected and the switch back of the turned Then the light to the If the the the to the If the Child to the seconds to turn the or the appears the or the displayed. Press of the Source buttons the or the the to the input Allow seconds the to the Press the the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. that the light the light flashing, and the cover off. The (or If the light and the light off, the to the back turned connected correctly of the displayed, or the distorted. Press the Aspect to aspect ratio If the Aspect to to the Caption option to the top or section of the that the to correctly the to the the If connected and only the the turned off. If of the off, the
using and appears the If using Press the function that Its often with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the the LCD screen and the or both the Allow seconds the to If the function both might to the the to that both the LCD and From the the the the then Advanced The the from to to then the as or or If OS X: the Preferences and Select On the or the The or reversed. the the Click
The isnt If the or the off to of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the to the If the or the or The or the correctly connected If and or the securely connected both If interference the shielded. You to If the and turning off LCD The the correctly There the Clean the as the the If the from of the Sharpness If from to the Tracking and The the right. the correctly connected Press the the to the brightness and
the with the If the to the the to the the to the of its service Remote The to commands. within about of the and the the front or back within the shown below. You to the Press the and the If they the batteries. the lights and off lights. the sunlight. Turn off that such as heater. there the and the IR receiver.
Where to technical hours (U.S.) or troubleshooting information, and technical through to To the service, and the PIN the that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product or UB) Product (located the of the connected to of the Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Specifications of TFT active of LCD inch F=2.0 to Brightness ratio UB) to inches Projection to to ratio to Aspect ratio selected, and Brightness Turn off this when to the of the UHE High Efficiency), E-TORL hours V13H010L49 Normal White light (ISO light UB: Normal White light (ISO light Specifications
AA inches including inches inches including UB) Rated AC supply to VAC: UB) to VAC: UB) to VAC: UB) Specifications to VAC: UB) UB)
to F to C) to F to C) to RH, to RH, to High the United States FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 DNX this Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and to the It these as or which through the and respectively. The (SDTV, HDTV) and the HDMI and The PC RGB If necessary, Aspect to the The which the displays the currently active as the following or Refresh Format NTSC PAL SECAM Specifications
Format/ Refresh SDTV HDTV RGB Refresh VGA SVGA XGA SXGA WXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 HDMI Refresh VGA SDTV HDTV Specifications
ESC/VP21 Command You AV with to the You the ESC/VP Communication theater from the (U.S.) or Following of the Item Command ON/OFF ON PWR ON A/V ON/OFF ON MUTE ON A/V selection Black MSEL Source SOURCE PC HDB15 SOURCE HDMI HDMI SOURCE SOURCE HDMI HDMI SOURCE A0 Night CMODE OFF PWR OFF OFF MUTE OFF MSEL SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE 1F RGB SOURCE (RCA) SOURCE SOURCE CMODE THX or CMODE HD CMODE CMODE 0A CMODE 0B CMODE 0C Specifications
Item Command Aspect ratio Normal ASPECT Specifications ASPECT ASPECT ASPECT Anamorphic UB) ASPECT UB) ASPECT
Notices Information Follow these instructions when and the the when the the bright light children the when it cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service The and its from children to of suffocation. Dont the or Also, the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the near where the easily Dont the outlet with and the the to or fire. Dont outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. Dont the and the They and the from overheating. Dont the or other or closed-in provided. through the or the the from the outlet and servicing to service the following when the or or frayed; the or exposed to or it normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, service; or the housing Dont the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. Notices
The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the Allow the to cool hour the or when Dont the or top of heat-producing If the country other than where purchased the that country. Dont the or heavy Dont the of the of to F to C). Doing and to Dont the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Notices
FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes United States WARNING Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located Airport MS CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: H373F/H420A UB Inc. Warranty Three-Year Warranty and Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States, or from workmanship and of three years from the of purchase. This warranty only to the and to the which warranty of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If service the warranty please the the of this and to the and of purchase. its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of quality, and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered or products or Notices
the warranty of the covered this warranty. If the as of the warranty service, the the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty covers only the United States, or Twenty-four hours or other This warranty such as This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or warranty service should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than or Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. freight charges choose to to If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSON'S ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized please www.epson.com To the Customer please www.epson.com/support To the SM please PIN or the U.S. and or write to America, Inc., P.O. CA Notices