HD
the to the of to the
the to the of to the that sitting-on-the-edge-of-your-seat, popcorn-kernel-stuck-to-the-roof-of-your-mouth once the theater. 100-inch four the of 50-inch TV) where TV, and to breathtaking High Definition. the of the You to Introducing the HD The first high performance, integrated to allow users to and state-of-the-art The HD everything to the theater of dreams, including, high-definition sound AV with built-in DVD player, and and included easy, professional as as hours. This This the of to the brought to the of with sound and mind-blowing clarity. The first high performance, integrated and
This to the theater EGear
The of Dreams to easy to easy the easy the the theater too and too The HD finally that with operation and than HD and includes everything back and of The and to together functionally and together aesthetically. the and comfortably with or HD the of the its integrated sound with Atlantic the its one-of-a-kind, integrated sound with Atlantic renowned front within the 100-inch, and the surround discreetly the This the highest sound without the and of typical with integrated LCR Surround the
with Integrated LCR AV with built DVD with Integrated The HD with everything the Remote
Astounding Performance Quality The HD crystal-clear high-definition, that the of the action. The advanced 3LCD and motion State-of-the-art optics bright, distortion-free from to of the action The four the of TV, TV and to life. You four There has, simply, that the with such extraordinary performance. with state-of-the-art optics The Atlantic world-renowned includes state-of-the-art surround and RMS of heart-pounding The the and offers clean, theater sound, to the action-movie The the sound as as hear There has, simply, that the with such extraordinary performance. AV with built-in DVD and HDMI
[The] of the and coherent whole what the BigPictureBigSound
the and the allowing to without Nearly everyone the to ease of everyone the home, of age or AV with and on-screen the inputs to existing such as and At of The to With the of and appear Everything trouble-free should everyone. Whether the or HD with everything trouble-free professional as as four hours. mounting options allow to the from the or and the HD includes track that clean, finished with or modifications. shown) Complete activation with the of the casing The the finally the and the the HD its surroundings, back seat to the home. the sound to to
www.epson.com/ensemblehd to HD
to the revolutionary The Building of the HD The HD the of its the as whole. That the that ready to and The the HD from the and high- with pearl-white and to the revolutionary It with 3LCD the of this to every and Next, theres that light from to corner, the least amount of while 1080Perfect offers HD performance with and HDMI compatibility. ratio and the the and Together, these cutting-edge within that LCD 3LCD technology, the of this
theater that the including everything to and while ChipChick.com Brighter, 3LCD Incredible and C to the without Industry-leading HDMI with optics to Astonishing flexibility and without and the of theater with HD-720)
that to and sound, and the HD The AV This user with built-in DVD and AM/FM The black-graphite with HDMI and up-conversion inputs; including or HD DVD players, High Definition and or receivers. AV with built-in DVD and up-conversion Through its the HD once and the of to seamlessly mount with Integrated LCR with Atlantic To the 100-inch, with built-in and right mounts the or flexibility. The high-quality, that from its white repeated The high-quality creating and
World-Renowned Atlantic Atlantic the and right integrated the clean, white housing. and horn-loaded the front highly and on-screen action effects. To sound the HD includes This cutting-edge allows users to the sound to their and that the and action as from the with theater of the of and with of the BigPictureBigSound.com Integrated surround of and Sound At the HD solvedonce and allthe of to mount surround theater Surround critically theater. The surround the three-dimensional, information that the through or the hustle-and-bustle of city The ingeniously mounts the surround the housing, firing outwards the of the of sound reflections from the and to the with sound that of the action.
Everything subwoofer with Convincing, sound to theater and this Atlantic Technology-designed to The includes of amplification and of The subwoofer with ported and long-throw room-shaking bass to the Warp and Death sound and theyre right The location of the greatly influence its performance. to the highest performance the includes bass-smoothing creating smooth, bass throughout and the HD subwoofer sounds clean, and HD the to family or first LCD Remote mounting, and The includes everything to and including mounting and It with that cleanly houses with to with of The includes This easy to finally the remotes to AV including VCR, high DVD or Used to of the high-end the the includes buttons and LCD operation with the lights or off.
Story of While prominently as high-quality and its accomplishments the of front and astounding. the century, sophisticated that them the forefront of the and front its Corporation earned which to of "firsts", including the first the first TV and the first TV 3LCD the the the of LCD other of products, from and to watches and of and found high-end theaters the first to front to ushering extraordinary pricing. with built-in DVD player the of to of With every its as teamed with Atlantic to the first integrated the of the www.epson.com/ensemblehd
Specifications Specifications Projection Brightness Throw (W D) Specifications Brightness Throw (W D) 3LCD Native 720P to to HDMI, 3LCD Native 1080P to to HDMI, with built-in DVD Surround Sound Processing Processing AV AV Remote Specifications and to without and C and and 1080Perfect of Corporation. and HD, and of Inc. other products and and/or of their respective and rights to these Copyright America, Inc. CPD-24688 OCPC DVD/CD FM/AM Surround, DTS and and chipset to HDMI, (HDMI, HDMI to DB15 LCD
with built-in Screen Additional Black Left/Right Screen (W D) (HDTV Format white Supports or horn Surround Integrated Mounting Amplifier Specifications Amplifier Built-In Amplifier EQ Boundary Acoustic Side/reflective surround; wall/ceiling (RMS) mount) Sealed front-firing (RMS) manually selected based location or and Smooths induced
Inc. Airport CA www.epson.com/ensemblehd