February PM Theater
February PM rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained only with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and 1080Perfect of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. HDMI, the HDMI and High-Definition Interface or of HDMI Licensing, LLC. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The of this to without Inc. CPD-23384R1 Copyright Notice
February PM Introduction The theater-quality the relaxing of home. offers these features: Native and to incredibly lighting Iris that constantly the intensity based the and black/white of perfectly and 3LCD increased ratio and 1080Perfect free of or artifacts unmatched with the built-in light expanded, and sophisticated tracking HDMI (High Definition Interface wide-format including front and mounted, with and offset to lighting and of Introduction
February PM D/SCART (RS-232C) Introduction foot HDMI PC AC switch cover
February PM cover light Warning light Mounting Source buttons Switches the input the item the Aspect the aspect ratio Selects items or the Introduction
February PM Remote Memory the Aspect the aspect ratio buttons the of the the of the to the Lights the buttons easy Introduction light Lights when commands On and buttons lighting Select/Line Selects items or the ESC the item Source buttons Switch connected to the the of the S. Tone the tones of people appearing the off the
February PM Optional the following optional the Product V13H010L39 (ELPLP39) V13H134A09 (ELPAF09) mount ELPHB550 security (anti-theft ELPSL01 You purchase from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca and Warranty The with basic two-year carry-in warranty. customers who their offers SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or overnight Service To the that with and to www.epson.com/webreg products, and service. Introduction
February PM This This the information to the to and instructions, troubleshooting instructions, specifications, and warranty information. Please follow these as through the Warning: to to to information about helpful of services hours this to or information and to If the service. and the PIN the that with Introduction
February PM the Follow the instructions this section to choose location the the and Choosing Location You the as shown below. the
February PM Ideally, the height where its the top and of the That the and the to the This the to as as to the when the Too reduction The to the both the and the shifted vertically when shifted the amount. the shifted vertically the amount, shifted to of the of the If the off to the straight (rather than the of the then the to the the to the hand, or the the to the the
February PM The of the the from the to the and the the this as rough Projection height) to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to height) to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to To the when know the (or the when know the the Projection You this from the aspect ratio aspect ratio the
February PM these there of around and the the top of that the the within of grounded outlet or cord. the To the first to the location, based the of the as to positioning the the following from the of the to the mounting inches inch from the of the to the of the inches inch the
February PM The following the of the To the optional mount the information. Warning: or the mount, to the screws from and type of or These the casing to crack and the causing serious and serious to the Follow the instructions included with the mount to the which pounds. The or where of of pounds. the
February PM to the with the mount, head screwdriver and to the or If the the to invert the that it appears right Follow these Press the the Press the buttons to the then the buttons to Press the when If to AV with the to the of ESC/VP21 Connecting the Connecting and You the to type of such as VCR, DVD or or You to or PC or Apple the buttons
February PM You to of the of the shown below: HDMI HDMI (with PC to to RGB RGB RCA the to the three Match the and the the
February PM to the HDMI (High-Definition Interface) If HDMI, to of the following (highest first): or to of these If to the to the or the properly Other the and other below, to the the the and grounded the to of these
February PM The DC when the turned This whether the or off, and to or when the to the as shown. the The AA batteries. Warning: from If swallowed, immediately. Release the and the cover. AA as shown. the the and clicks the the front or back of the within of the with the within from the receivers. If the the to and the If the buttons red, the batteries. the
February PM Turning the On and Turning On the the Turn connected to Turn the switch the back of the Press the On the or the the To from turning the the Child If the High the properly cool the the high The about seconds to and If to the as the switch Turn the
February PM Turning the Turn off connected to the Press the the or the the the light flashing and off the switch the back. It to the necessary. Turn off this when to the of the 24-hour-a-day reduce the of the off the switch without first turning off the and cool as or and reduce life. Selecting the Source The Source buttons the and switch from of to the (such as DVD player, or or Press the Source the that to the to which Source connected. buttons the
February PM If the Source the of Press the or to or the then the Select If appear, To temporarily off the and the the the Press the to to the Source
February PM Positioning the If the the the and to its to the hand, or the the to the You to the the the Press the to turn off the hear click, the centered. If the becomes to turn, the further. If of the than the other, the to the If necessary, the front feet that the the
February PM The to the both the and the shifted vertically when shifted the amount. the shifted vertically the amount, it shifted to of the of the the
February PM Follow the instructions this chapter to to the and further Focusing and or reduce the the or of the the
February PM Choosing the Aspect Ratio resized to when selected as the Aspect You to the of the (or aspect the Aspect the If to the HDMI, or portor the when it or to the If the to choose of these Normal TV broadcasts, or with aspect recorded recorded Normal using expanding to the whole This stretches the right and of the the If the the top and off. You the Caption option and other to and the the the when choose Aspect Aspect
February PM Choosing the You the to brightness, and the lighting You each input sourcewhich of from might the to the with the closed, or might the to with the the to then the the Choose from these the brightest the the Theatre Theatre Black that to those professional-use monitors. Theatre Black and white or those with the or Theatre the built-in increases the and tones.
February PM and To further the and the and Tone buttons the (Not when You these and other and the You combinations of with the Memory easy Select the to then of the below. appears beneath the the and the of the 5000K and 10000K. Higher increase the and increase the tint. S. Tone the of tones. The this necessary. Higher increase the tones and increase the tones. S.
February PM the You from to or from or displayed increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. to The the the the these affects which as bright areas. Press the You the following the of the following: Select of the correction the or the or and the Select You the reflected the the right. The the input and the the Press the to Then with the of the following: Select from the You the the arrow buttons to the to the of to then Select. The appears with the selected Press the or to and then Select. Select from the the appears, the or to the the that to and then the or to the Press Select to and
February PM the The includes to the from once and to children from turning the without To the follow these Press the the the buttons to the Choose from these Child to the the about seconds. (You the to off, however.) Since the to the to from reach. to the buttons the appears the whenever with turned To the the To and the Select the least seconds. Press to the If turned the the locked. If turned the Child off the and cool The Child the cool-down buttons
February PM You the on-screen to to the qualitysuch as the brightness, sharpness, and You the and other features. the You the from the or the the You the or that the and Memory while their You the and the To the the the or You this (the the connected options which connected to the options Press the or to highlight option Memory Info or then the Select to Press the or to highlight then the Select Press the or to as necessary. You to the Select to choice. the highlighted
February PM finished, the to to the previous or the to the To of the of the the Select You this the of the Press the or to highlight option necessary), then the or to Press the to to the or the to the Press the Memory to to the memory. You the following through the while their Brightness Sharpness Tone Brightness Iris
February PM the these options to the Select from to the the arrow buttons to choose the the Select displaying the the Quality the using these already selected the and as Then the this section to the to each input HDMI, PC) and the input switch to the other input and Brightness If the from connected and appear the Brightness and You brightness and each and this first, then the with the The Brightness light the and the the the bright and of the The other the following the the light and of the
February PM Brightness Brightness the brightness brightly or to increase the brightness. Decrease the or this reduces and and to the of the This the bright and areas. Iris Iris this the amount of light the to the of the The each and This the threshold which of the IRE). with DVD and the United States, this specifications to of the EPSON White EPSON White This when the to Theatre, Theatre Black or Theatre Black If bright of the or overexposed (when the input IRE), this to this turned the the HDMI HDMI HDMI This only when HDMI selected as the If HDMI and connected to the HDMI the of the to match that of the this the the EPSON White
February PM Brightness Brightness This the light from the On high, the of On the W. Sharpness and Quality If the or or these to Sharpness Sharpness this function to and appear the This each and You to the sharpness of the or Advanced to the following Choose Thin-Line to such as and clothing. Choose Thick-Line to and backgrounds. The 3D HD Processing film-sourced the pulldown and the accordingly. this to when the input and to to its This only when or or RGB
February PM Motion Detection Motion Detection This to slow-moving or or higher This when or or RGB Reduction Reduction This reduces of You from of reduction. If the correct, them using these the first three below to the If only to the with the each and the of the the and the and the appear warmer or cooler. You this the the information.
February PM Tone to the and the amount of or the correcting black-and-white they tinted. You this the S. Tone the information. RGB Advanced RGB the RGB to the of the You the offset and each (red, and to and the lightest shades. RGBCMY Advanced RGBCMY the RGBCMY to the and of the (red, yellow). each to to another option. Advanced You from to or own from or displayed increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. You this the the information.
PM to the the Tracking and RGB Normally, these the If that the or to the yourself. this that the the and of the Tracking Tracking the tracking to It to the when the of (such as text white background). the synchronization to blurriness. the tracking properly first.
February PM Selecting Memory and the with memory locations to to the each of inputs. Selecting Memory You easily the memory using the memory the Press the Memory the Select Memory the arrow buttons to the then the Select button. the appears the selected Creating Memory Memory the Brightness and and other and Press the the the Memory then Memory Select the memory to then the Select to indicated highlight to the memory If that already the existing and their Memory
February PM Memory You clear memory once. Press the the the then Memory Press the Select to the memory You memory with the Memory the Memory the If the isnt what or improperly. If necessary, the to its factory-default To the (such as the or that and as The below shows to the the You the or the to their Follow these Press the the the and
February PM of the following: Select Hours to clear the and to You should the only when information. Select Memory to clear memory Select to to their Memory, and the this section to the and on-screen and of these already selected aspect ratio the type of Scaling Scaling this the of the that normally the the arrow buttons to the of the the Caption Caption the and of the that the aspect ratio to to the of the and Caption to the or You Aspect Aspect This the aspect ratio of and the as the Aspect the information.
February PM Screen Turn this off to on-screen from appearing (such as the or the that appears when switch or Turn this off to the from appearing while the Background Background the thats when the or when the to temporarily Other Projection Projection You options the Rear Rear/Ceiling Direct On Direct On to when the switch turned without the On the or the the that the to this the the such as NTSC or PAL TV
February PM this to match the type of connected to the to the the or or to manually Turn this the to while the operating. You this to or Turn off this the to the off when there Select or as the of shutoff; the and the of the To turn the back the On the or the the Child Child the the to to the information. the the to the from once information. High High the of the it properly cool the
February PM
February PM to the clean. You to the to overheating. Warning: clean of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this The should the and the If another replacing, or servicer. Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears, If necessary, cloth with and the the with
February PM Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the and with cloth. thinner, or other These the Cleaning and the includes to the performance. If the the of the as below. clogs and overheating and to the Press the and the light to flashing. The cools Turn off the the switch the back. the and that and other office to the the of the as shown. If the (such as paintbrush). If the to or the You purchase V13H134A09 from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
February PM If to the release the and the cover. the and with To the cover, the and the cover clicks
February PM the The to hours. You the Info to Its to the when: The or to The light flashes half-second The the appears the when selected, and Turn off this when to the of the You purchase V13H010L39 from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca to the Information the Warning: the cool (about the that the and should to the of the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Follow these to the Press the and the light to Turn off the switch the back of the the and about hour to the Warning light
February PM Press the the cover and off the cover. the screws the (they the the of the as shown and straight Warning: The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the
February PM the and its screws. Dont the of the assembly. Touching the the cover. (The the cover or the as the the the back the switch the back, and the Then follow these to the Press the the or the to the then highlight and the Select finished, the to The shows 0H the least hours.
February PM Checking the You the Info to information about the and the To the Info Press the the or the buttons to the Info The following information appears: Hours Refresh Rate Source Info Scan information) The information the currently selected The shows 0H the least hours. The the of the The of the and selected the If to the the following: the of the within to F to C). the cover and the the from the the its or
February PM Transporting the incurred The and the repairs, the If the the of and that the the the the they click.
February PM This section to the lights, with the and and technical What To the Lights On or The lights top of the the and know when If the isnt correctly, first the or the the the cool off the switch the back, and the cord. Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the Light and light the switch the back of the turned and the connected securely both light The Turn off the switch back to off the or the to light flashes The the to appear. light flashes and cant the or off the Warning light flashes High-speed cooling If the too automatically. there of around and the Clean or the The cooling the light flashing and Then off the switch back to off the or the to light Warning light
February PM Light and Warning light The too which off the automatically. cool then back there of around and the Also, or the Warning light flashes The to half-second to the and cover securely There internal Turn off the switch the Warning light flashes back of the and from the Then You the the and the switch turned Then the light to the If the the buttons the to turn the appears the or the displayed. Press the Source the or of the Source buttons the to the input Allow seconds the to the button. Press the the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. that the light flashing, and the cover off. The (or If the light the to the back turned connected correctly If the High the properly the the high
February PM and appears the If Press the function that Its often with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to pressing If the function both might to the the to that both the LCD and From the the the the then Advanced The the from to to then the as or or If OS X: Select Preferences from the Apple and Click To the both and LCD the or (If this isnt another Click the of the One of the top of the other. Click
February PM The or reversed. the the of the displayed, or the distorted. Press the Aspect to aspect ratio If the Aspect to to the Caption option to the top or section of the that the Scaling to correctly the to the the If connected and only the the turned off. The isnt If the or the off to of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the to the If the or the or The or the correctly connected If and or the securely connected both If interference the shielded. You to If the and try turning off LCD The the correctly There the Clean the as the
February PM the If the from of the Sharpness If from to the Tracking and The the right. the correctly connected Press the the to the and the with the If the to the the to the the to the of its service Remote The to commands. within about of the and the from the than You to the the lights and off lights. the sunlight. Turn off that such as heater. there the and the IR receiver.
February PM Where To technical hours troubleshooting information, and technical through to To the service, and the PIN the that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of the to of the Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
February PM Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=2.0 to Brightness ANSI ratio to inches to to ratio Aspect ratio or to selected, and Turn off this when to the of the UHE High Efficiency), E-TORL to hours, V13H010L39 Remote Approximately AA to to Specifications
February PM inches including inches inches including Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, to 120V), to V) to 120V), to V) to F to C) to F to C) Humidity to RH, to RH, to to United States FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 DNX this Specifications
February PM Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and it to the incoming It these as or which through the and respectively. The (SDTV, HDTV) and the HDMI and The PC RGB If necessary, Aspect to the The which the displays the currently active as the following or Format NTSC PAL or SECAM Format/ Normal SDTV HDTV The to the of and the or as the Aspect Normal Aspect Specifications
February PM RGB Normal VGA* VESA SVGA XGA SXGA WXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 SDTV* HDTV* HDMI input Specifications Aspect
February PM ESC/VP21 Command You AV with to the You the ESC/VP Communication theater from the Following of the Item Command ON/OFF ON PWR ON A/V ON/OFF ON MUTE ON A/V selection Black MSEL Source SOURCE PC HDB15 SOURCE (HDMI) HDMI SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE C0 Theatre CMODE OFF PWR OFF OFF MUTE OFF MSEL SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE 1F RGB SOURCE (RCA) SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE C4 SOURCE C5 SOURCE CF CMODE CMODE CMODE Theatre Black CMODE Theatre Black CMODE 0A Specifications
February PM Item Command Aspect ratio ASPECT Specifications Normal ASPECT ASPECT ASPECT ASPECT
February PM Notices Information Follow these instructions when and the the when the the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service The and its from to of suffocation. Dont the or Also, the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the near outlet where the easily Dont the outlet with and the the to or fire. Dont outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. Dont the and the They and the from overheating. Dont the or other or closed-in through the or the the from the outlet and servicing to service the following when the or or frayed; the or to or normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service; or the housing Dont the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. Notices
February PM The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the Allow the to cool hour the or when Dont the or top of heat-producing If the country other than where purchased the that country. Dont the or heavy Dont the of the of to F to C). Doing and to Dont the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other with Health Notices
February PM FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. United States WARNING Notices
February PM Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located Airport MS CA Telephone: that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-TW-1000 Notices
February PM America, Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If service, to the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer as instructed its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The exchanged or or previously refurbished to the of and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers of the or other and This warranty cover other than This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or warranty service should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT Notices
February PM COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized www.epson.com. To the Customer You the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: Inc., P.O. CA Notices
February PM Accessories, cleaning and replacing, to Anti-theft Aspect Aspect selecting, Iris Blurry Brightness Brightness C connecting, to Child Cleaning to and AV to to Declaration of Conformity, Direct On, Background Service, Support, technical warranty, to EPSON White ESC/VP21
February PM FCC to HDMI, High Service, of buttons, to to aspect to selecting to Info to Interference, anti-theft life, replacing, to instructions, to specifications, cleaning, Lights, to Child buttons, Memory Memory creating, to to Motion Detection, Mounting to Reduction,
February PM to Positioning to Positioning to Support, lights, to to Projection cleaning, to lights, to locking buttons, to to to security lock, turning and off, to batteries, buttons, lighting buttons, to to RGB RGBCMY instructions, to Sharpness, Tone Source buttons, Source, selecting Specifications to
February PM selecting, Static, (Synchronization) Technical Tint, Transporting Turning and off to to VP21 Warranty, to Where to Caption Index