July PM Theater
July PM rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. HDMI, the HDMI and High-Definition Interface or of HDMI Licensing, LLC. of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. CPD-21961 Copyright Notice
July PM Introduction The theater-quality the relaxing of own offers these features: Native and to incredibly lighting Iris that constantly the based the and black/white of perfectly the through and 3LCD increased and the unmatched with the built-in light expanded, and sophisticated HDMI (High Definition Interface wide-format including front and mounted, with and offset to lighting and of Introduction
July PM cover D4/SCART (RS-232C) Introduction foot HDMI (RGB) AC switch
July PM light Warning light Mounting Source buttons Switches the input the item the correction buttons Correct the of Aspect the aspect ratio Select Selects items or the Introduction
July PM Remote Memory Aspect the the aspect ratio buttons Source buttons Switch connected to the the of the screen the of the to the Lights the buttons easy Introduction light Lights when commands On and buttons lighting Select/Line Selects items or the ESC the item the of the S. Tone the tones of people appearing the off the
July PM Optional the following optional the Product (ELPLP35) V13H010L35 (ELPAF09) V13H134A09 mount (ELPMB20) V12H003B20 security ELPSL01 ELPSV01 You purchase from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca and Warranty The with two-year carry-in warranty. who their offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or overnight Service To the that with and it to products, and service. Introduction
July PM This This the information to the to basic and instructions, troubleshooting instructions, specifications, and warranty information. Please follow these as through the to to to Notes: information about Tips: helpful of services hours this to or information and to If the service. and the PIN the that with Introduction
July PM the Follow the instructions this section to choose location the the and Choosing Location You the as shown below. the
July PM Ideally, the height where its the top and of the That the and the to the This the If the or below to or to the the this the of the its the function If the off to the straight (rather than the of the then the to the the the too to the or right, or to the hand, or the the to the the
July PM The of the the from the to the and the the this as rough aspect ratio aspect ratio Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to feet to to To the when know the (or the when know the the You this from the these there of around and the the top of that the the within of grounded or cord. the
July PM the To the first to the location, based the of the as to locating the the following from the of the to the mounting inches inch from the of the to the of the inches inch The following the of the
July PM You the optional mount the information. Warning: or the mount, to the screws from and type of or These the casing to crack and the causing serious and serious to the Follow the instructions included with the mount to the which pounds. The or where of of pounds. to the with the mount, head screwdriver and to the or If the the to the that appears right Follow these Press the the Press the to the then the buttons to Press the when If to AV with the to the of ESC/VP21 buttons the
July PM Connecting the You the to type of such as VCR, DVD or or You to or PC or Apple You to of the using of the shown below: HDMI HDMI (with to to RGB RGB RCA the the to the three Match the and the
July PM to the HDMI (High-Definition Interface) If HDMI, to of the following (highest first): or to of these If to the to the or the properly Other the and other below, to the the the and grounded to of these the
July PM The DC when the turned This whether the or off, and to or when the to the as shown. the Remote The AA Warning: from If battery immediately. Release the and the cover. AA as shown. the the cover and clicks the the front or back of the within of the with the within from the receivers. the the to and the If the buttons red, the the
July PM Turning On the If this first the the protective the Turn connected to Turn the switch the back of the Press the On the or the the switch Turn the the
July PM To from turning the the Child If the High the properly cool the the high The about seconds to and If to the as the Turning the Turn off connected to the Press the the or the the the light flashing and off the switch the back. It to the necessary. Turn off this when to the of the reduce the of the the without turning off and as or and reduce life. Selecting the Source The Source the and switch from of connected to the (such as DVD or or Press the Source the that to the to which connected. the Source
July PM If the Source the of Press the or to highlight and the Select If the using the or the the Press the or to highlight or or the the type. Then the Select If appear, the troubleshooting To temporarily off the and the the Press the to to Source the
July PM Positioning the If the the the and to its to the hand, or the the to the You to the Press the the then hear click, the centered. If the becomes to turn, the further. If to the height of the the the front of the and the the correctly. the foot
July PM Follow the instructions this chapter to to the and and further Correcting the Shape If the or the function to its If the or the off to the of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the to the To correction, the or the or the as follows: Press the the Press the buttons to the then Press the or to the of the Press the when To the correction to the and both the and buttons the least second. buttons
July PM Focusing and or reduce the the or of the the Choosing the Aspect Ratio resized to when selected as the Aspect You to the of the (or aspect the Aspect the If connected to the HDMI, or portor the when outputting or to the Aspect
July PM If the to choose of these Normal TV broadcasts, or with aspect recorded Normal to to the whole This stretches the right and of the the unchanged. (You when correction.) or recordings Through than and to its without to the Through recorded than and to its If the the top and off. You the Caption option and other to and the to the the when choose Aspect
July PM Choosing the You the to brightness, and the lighting You each input sourcewhich of from might the to usually with the closed, and the to the with them Select the to then the the Choose from these with brightly with ordinary lighting; increases and tones appear Theatre Theatre Black or completely Theatre Black cool, clear tones; Theatre Black warmer that to the the Theatre or the built-in increases the and tones.
July PM the and Tones To further the and the and Tone using buttons the (Not when You these and other and the You of with the Memory easy the to then of the below. appears beneath the the and the of the 5000K and 10000K. Higher increase the and increase the tint. S. Tone the of tones. The this it necessary. Higher increase the tones and increase the tones. S. Tone
July PM the You from to or from or increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. Press the You the following the of the following: Select of the correction and the Select You the reflected the the right. The the input and the the Select Then with the of the following: Select from the You the the arrow buttons to the to the of brightness to then Select. the appears, You the following the Select If to back and the the then the Select from the the appears, the arrow buttons to the the that to Then Select. the appears, as necessary, then Select
July PM the The includes to the from once and to from turning the without To the follow these Press the the the to the then the Choose from these Child to the the about seconds. (You the to off, however.) Since the to the to from reach. to the buttons the appears the whenever with turned To the the To and the the least seconds. Press to the If turned the the locked. If turned the Child off the and cool The Child the cool-down buttons
July PM
July PM You the on-screen to to the qualitysuch as the brightness, sharpness, and You the and other features. the You the from the or the buttons the You the or that the and Memory while their You the and the To the the the or You this (the the connected options If connected to the options Press the or to highlight option, then the Select to Press the or to as necessary. You to the Select to choice. finished, the to to the previous or the to the the highlighted
July PM To the the Select You this the of the Press the or to highlight option, then the Select to Press the to the You the following through the while their effects display: Sharpness Black White You to the Press the the then Then the Select the to the the these options to the Select from to the Position the arrow buttons to choose the the
July PM Navigation Navigation Select whether to the which which buttons to to choose Select the the Quality the these already selected the and as Then the this section to the to each input HDMI, A, B) and the input switch to the other input using and Brightness If the from connected and appear the White Level/Black or the Brightness/Contrast. You of these both) each and this first, then the with the The Brightness light the and the the the bright and of the The other the following the the light and of the Navigation
July PM Brightness/Contrast Brightness/Contrast If the Brightness and highlight and the Select then choose Brightness/Contrast the the brightness brightly or to increase the brightness. Decrease the brightness or this reduces and and to the of the White Level/Black White Level/Black If the White and Black highlight and the then choose White Level/Black the the White that the brightest of the washed Then the Black that shadow-level the of the Iris Iris this the amount of light the to the brightness of the The each and Advanced This the threshold which of the IRE). with DVD and the United States, this to of the EPSON White Advanced EPSON White This only when the to Theatre, or Theatre Black or If bright of the washed or overexposed (when the input IRE), this to this turned the the
July PM Advanced This when HDMI selected as the If DVI and connected to the using HDMI/DVI the of the to match that of the this turned the the EPSON White Sharpness and Quality If the or or these to Sharpness Sharpness this function to and appear the This each and You to the sharpness of the or Advanced to the following Choose High-band to such as and clothing. Choose Low-band to and backgrounds. Advanced The 3D HD Processing film-sourced the pulldown and the accordingly. this to when the input and to to its This when or or RGB
July PM If the correct, them using these the first three below to the If to the with the each and the of the the and the and the appear warmer or cooler. You this the the information. You to the information. to the tint. the amount of or the correcting black-and-white they tinted. You this the S. the information.
July PM RGB RGB/RGBCMY RGB If the RGB highlight RGB/RGBCMY (the first item the and the Select then choose RGB the the RGB to the of the You the offset and each (red, and to and the lightest shades. RGBCMY RGB/RGBCMY RGBCMY If the RGBCMY highlight RGB/RGBCMY (the first item the and the Select then choose RGBCMY the the RGBCMY to the and of the (red, yellow). each or to to another option. You from to or own from or increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. You this the the information.
July PM to the the Tracking and RGB Normally, these the If that the or to the yourself. this that the the and of the Tracking Tracking the tracking to It to the tracking when the of (such as text white background). the synchronization to blurriness. the tracking properly first.
July PM and Selections Once the them as the Memory This easily them, and switch from of to another. If necessary, the options to its factory-default You clear the or the Creating Memory the to as the memory. This the Brightness and White Black and other and Press the the the Memory then Memory the memory to (from Memory1 to Memory9), then the Select to indicated highlight to the memory If that already the existing and their Recalling Memory Once created or memory easily them: Press the Memory the the arrow to the then the Select the appears the selected Memory
July PM Memory You clear memory once. Press the the the Memory then Memory Press the Select to the memory the If the isnt what or improperly. If necessary, the to its factory-default To the (such as the or that and as The below shows to the the You the or the to their Follow these Press the the the of the following: Select to clear the and it to You should the only when information. Select to to their A, Memory, and and
July PM the this section to the and and of these already selected aspect ratio the type of Scaling Advanced Scaling this the of the that normally the Select to both the and of the Normal displays the HDMI operation. to slightly reduced interference the top or of the (displays Select Normal to includes both the and of the the arrow to the of the the Caption Caption the and of the that the aspect ratio to to the of the and to the or Aspect Aspect This the aspect ratio of and the as the Aspect the information.
July PM Turn this off to on-screen from appearing (such as the or the text that appears when switch or of choice when the or when the to temporarily projection. To the first the to the to Then and follow the instructions the the Background to as the to the Select the ratio to Screen Turn this off to from appearing while the Background Background the thats when the or when the to temporarily Select (instead of Black or to background. Record
July PM Other the of the the and right the or the Projection the overhead Direct On Operation Direct On to when the switch turned without the On the or the the that the to this the the such as NTSC or PAL TV this to match the type of connected to the to the the or or to manually Turn this the to while the You this to or
July PM Turn off this the to the off when there Select or as the of shutoff; the and the of the To the back the On the or the the Child Child the the to child to the information. the buttons the to the from once information. High High the of the properly cool the
July PM to the clean. You to the to overheating. Warning: of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this The should the and the If another replacing, or servicer. Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears, lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and gently the the with
July PM Cleaning the the turn off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the and with cloth. thinner, or other These the Cleaning and the Clean the the of the once every months, or often the If cleaned periodically, become clogged, and causing overheating and to the Press the and the light to flashing. The cools Turn off the the switch the back. the and Turn the that and other office to the as shown. If the using (such as paintbrush). If the to or the Purchase V13H134A09 from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
July PM If to the release the and the cover the and with To the cover, the and the cover clicks
July PM the The to hours. You the Info to Its to the when: The or to The warning light flashes half-second The the appears the screen when selected, and Turn off this when to the of the Purchase V13H010L35 from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca to the Information the Warning: the cool (about hour) the that the and should to injury. the with the invisible the shorten the life. cloth or to the Follow these to the Press the and the light to flashing. Turn off the switch the back of the the and hour to the Warning light
July PM Press the the cover and off the cover. the screws the (they the the as shown and straight Warning: The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the
July PM Gently the and its screws. Dont the of the assembly. Touching the the cover. (The the cover or the as below. the the the back the switch the back, and the Then follow these to the Press the the or the to the then highlight and the Select finished, the to The the least hours.
July PM Checking the You the Info to information about the and the To the Info Press the the or the buttons to the Info The following information appears: Hours Source Refresh Rate Info The information displayed the currently selected The shows 0H the least hours. The the of the The of the and selected the If to the the following: the of the within to F to C). the cover and the the from the the its or
July PM Transporting the incurred The and the repairs, the If the the of and that the the the turning the they click.
July PM This section to the lights, with the and and technical What To the Lights On or The lights top of the the and know when If the isnt correctly, first the or the the cool off the switch the back, and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the Light and light the switch the back of the turned and the connected securely both light The Turn off the switch back to off the or the to turn light flashing The the to appear. light flashing and cant the or off The cooling the light flashing and Then off the switch back to turn off the or the to light Warning light
July PM Light and light High-speed cooling If the too flashing automatically. there of around and the Clean or the warning light The too which off the automatically. cool then turn back there of around and the Also, or the light flashing half-second warning light flashing You the the and the switch turned Then the light to the If the the buttons the to the If the High the properly cool the the high The to to the and cover securely There internal Turn off the switch the back of the and from the Then
July PM appears the or the displayed. Press the Source the or of the Source buttons the to the input Allow seconds the to the Press the the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. that the light and the off. The (or If the light the to the back turned connected correctly using and appears the If PC Press the function that Its often with CRT/LCD You to such as the while or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to If the function both might to the the to that both the LCD and From the the the the then Advanced The the from to to then the as or or If with OS X: Select Preferences from the Apple and Click To the both and LCD the (If this isnt another
July PM Click the of the One of the top of the other. The or the Projection the of the displayed, or the distorted. Press the Aspect to aspect ratio If the Aspect to to the Caption option to the top or section of the that the Scaling to correctly the to the the If connected and the the off. The isnt If the or the off to of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the to the If the or the to the function to its the and buttons the You to the function to the as as the or and height the top and of the Then the to the This the Click
July PM The or the correctly connected If and or the securely both If interference amplifier. If the and turning off LCD The the correctly There the Clean the as the the If the from of the Sharpness If from to the Tracking and The the right. the correctly connected Press the the to the and the with the If the to the the to the the to the of its service
July PM Remote The to commands. within about of the and the from the than You to the the lights and off lights. the sunlight. Turn off that such as heater. Where To technical hours troubleshooting information, and technical through To the service, and the PIN the that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of the connected to of the You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
July PM Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=2.1 to to Brightness ANSI ratio to inches to to to to ratio Aspect ratio or (Theatre Black correction to selected, and Turn off this when to the of the UHE High Efficiency), E-TORL to hours, V13H010L35 Remote AA Specifications
July PM Height inches including inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, to 120V), to V) to 120V), to V) to F to C) to F to C) to RH, to RH, United States FCC 15B Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 Specifications ICs this
July PM Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and it to the incoming It these as or which through the and respectively. The (SDTV, HDTV) and the HDMI and the The RGB If necessary, Aspect to the The which the displays the currently active as the following or Format NTSC PAL or SECAM Aspect Format/ Normal Through Through SDTV HDTV The to the of and the or as the Aspect Normal Through Through Specifications
July PM RGB Normal Through Through VGA* VESA SVGA XGA SXGA WXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 SDTV* HDTV* HDMI input Specifications Aspect
July PM ESC/VP21 Command You AV with to the You the ESC/VP Communication theater from the Following of the Item Command ON/OFF ON PWR ON A/V ON/OFF ON MUTE ON A/V selection Black MSEL Source 4RCA SOURCE HDB15 SOURCE (HDMI) HDMI SOURCE within SOURCE 4X SOURCE D4 SOURCE C0 CMODE OFF PWR OFF OFF MUTE OFF MSEL MSEL SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE 1F RGB SOURCE (RCA) SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE C4 SOURCE C5 SOURCE CF Theatre CMODE CMODE CMODE CMODE Theatre Black CMODE Theatre Black CMODE 0A Specifications
July PM Item Command Aspect ratio ASPECT Specifications Normal ASPECT ASPECT ASPECT Through ASPECT Through ASPECT ASPECT
July PM Notices Information Follow these instructions when and the the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service The and its from to of suffocation. Dont the or Also, the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the where the easily Dont the with and the the to or fire. Dont outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. Dont the and the They and the from overheating. Dont the or other or closed-in provided. through the or the the from the and servicing to service the following when the or or frayed; the or to or normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service; it or the housing Dont the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. Notices
July PM The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Allow the to cool hour the or when Dont the or top of heat-producing If the country other than where purchased the that country. Dont the or heavy Dont the of the of to F to C). Doing and to Dont the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other with Health Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. Other that such as heater, the If the following: The them. the lighting and/or turn off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that Notices
July PM FCC Compliance This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing United States WARNING Notices
July PM Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located Airport MS CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-TW550 Notices
July PM America, Inc., Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If service, to the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer as instructed its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The exchanged or or refurbished to the of quality, and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers of the or other high and This warranty cover other than as This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or warranty service should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSON'S ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT Notices
July PM COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized www.epson.com. To the Customer You the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: Inc., P.O. CA Notices
July PM Accessories, cleaning and replacing, to Anti-theft Aspect Aspect selecting, Iris Black Blurry Brightness specification, C connecting, to Child Cleaning to and AV to to Computer, to Declaration of Conformity, Direct On, Background Service, technical warranty, to EPSON White ESC/VP21 FCC
July PM to button, HDMI, High Service, of buttons, to to aspect selecting to Info to Interference, Interlaced anti-theft buttons, correction, Index life, replacing, to instructions, to specifications, cleaning, Lights, to buttons, Memory Memory creating, button, to Mounting Navigation to
July PM to Positioning Positioning to Support, to Projection cleaning, to lights, to to to to turning and off, to Remote buttons, lighting buttons, to to RGB RGBCMY instructions, to Sharpness, Source buttons, Source, selecting Specifications to selecting, Static, Support, (Synchronization)
July PM Technical Through Tint, Transporting Turning and off to to VP21 Warranty, to Where to White Caption Index