HD o C HD
Interface Specifications Connector (DB15) Assignment Right Common N/C Common Common Common Woofer Connector (RCA Ground 1.25V C Connector 10-Conductor) Assignment Right Right Surr that the theatre professional or other professional. concerning or building Assignment N/C Common N/C N/C Surr Surr Right Shell Chassis ground 1.7V 2.5V Assignment Surr R- L+ Surr L- to the its mounting It recommended that should other of the installation, such as mounting the and routing wires. and/or to the from or AC AC AV Remote LED I/R Color, and Quantity Item 10-Conductor 4-Conductor HDMI RS-232 IR AC HD15 should completed and to should to that and regulations. The plenum-rated and routed through the and instead of the tracks. IEC UL/CSA To IEC UL/CSA To Screen To (DB15 RS-232 I/F) To AV To AV To IR Pre-Wire Black N/A N/A the and through the or They rated this mis-installation fire or other to to Quantity N/A
Assignment Assignment Right Common N/C Common Common Common 1.25V Assignment Right Right Surr Interface Specifications Connector (DB15) Woofer Connector (RCA C Connector 10-Conductor) strongly that the theatre professional or other professional. concerning or building AC IEC UL/CSA AC To IEC UL/CSA To N/C To (DB15 RS-232 I/F) Common AV Remote To AV N/C N/C LED To AV I/R To IR Right Shell Chassis ground Color, and Quantity Item 10-Conductor 4-Conductor 1.7V 2.5V HDMI RS-232 IR AC HD15 Assignment R- Surr L+ L- should completed and to should to that and to the its mounting It recommended that should other of the installation, such as mounting the and routing wires. and/or to the from or The plenum-rated and routed through the and instead of using the tracks. Pre-Wire Quantity Black N/A N/A N/A the and through the or They rated this mis-installation fire or other to to
Rear surround BASS CONTOUR CONTROL C SUB OUT L/C/R Connector PWR ON MODE VAC VAC HDMI and RS-232 HDMI HDMI IR AV ELKA
VAC HDMI VAC HDMI aspect ratio and the and Screen Wall Mount screw to to On Wall to Wall Wall Wall LCD Thickness Retraction to Retraction Bracket Wall Bracket to allow to Concealed including and Concealed strengthening mounting and to Wall to with screws Wall Mount Top Short
Instructions CAUTION: To reduce the of shock, the cover (or back). user serviceable servicing to CAUTION: These servicing instructions service only. To reduce the of shock, servicing other than that the operating instructions to WARNING: To reduce the of or shock, this to or The with arrowhead, within to the to the of within the that of to of shock to The within to the to the of operating (servicing) instructions the accompanying the these instructions. these instructions. Follow instructions. this Clean with cloth. with the instructions. heat such as heat or other (including that heat. the of the or grounding-type with than the other. grounding type and third grounding The or the third If the of the Protect the from or and the where they from the attachments/accessories the this or when of servicing to service Servicing when the such as power-supply or or the the to or normally, or Additional Instructions the of the theater installation as outlined these instructions, to. to serious or death. The theater should professional or other professional. concerning or building to the theater the installation instructions completely. these instructions easily reference. to this as to its assembly and installation. to or property such as reaching high or to the of The included mounting with or The to of the to or or to hollow-wall anchors, screws, or mounting to mount the or to or The and mounted that. You mount the and to or to as outlined these instructions. the mounting that the least the as the anchors, and that the anchors of or other ASTM C-90 specications and the anchors. The or which the mounted of the weight of the pounds). the of the of the assembly (approximately pounds). If the these they reinforced. mounting the or that or the of the or to installation. the or where to the or sunlight or heater or other of heat. to the its mounting It recommended that should other of the installation, such as mounting the and
Instructions To reduce the of shock, the cover (or back). serviceable CAUTION: servicing to These servicing instructions service only. To reduce the of CAUTION: shock, servicing other than that the operating instructions to To reduce the of or shock, this to or WARNING: The with arrowhead, within to the to the of within the that of to of shock to The within to the to the of operating (servicing) instructions the accompanying the these instructions. these instructions. Follow instructions. this Clean with cloth. with the instructions. heat such as heat or other (including that heat. the of the or grounding-type with than the other. grounding type and third grounding The or the third If the of the Protect the from or and the where they from the attachments/accessories the this or when of servicing to service Servicing when the such as power-supply or or the the to or normally, or Additional Instructions the of the theater as outlined these instructions, to. to serious or death. The theater should professional or other concerning or building to the theater the instructions completely. these instructions easily reference. to this as to its assembly and to or property such as reaching high or to the of The included mounting with or The to of the to or or to hollow-wall anchors, screws, or mounting to mount the or to or The and mounted that. You mount the and to or to as outlined these instructions. the mounting that the least the as the anchors, and that the anchors of or other ASTM C-90 specications and the anchors. The or which the mounted of the of the (approximately pounds). the of the of the assembly pounds). If the these they reinforced. mounting the or that or the of the or to the or where to the or sunlight or heater or other of heat. to the its mounting It recommended that should other of the installation, such as mounting the and
routing wires. and/or to the from or the completely closed or it o the or mount. the included through the or They rated this mis-installation or other Either the through the included tracks, or them directly outlets. of the included with this from to of suocation. This should operated only from the type of indicated the If or connected to the the or grounded as to protection and built-up charges. of the National ANSI/NFPA information with to of the and grounding of the lead-in to of grounding conductors, location of to grounding and the grounding the below ELECTRIC SERVICE EQUIPMENT should located the of overhead or other light or or where such or should to from touching such or as with them might the of this of heat or sunlight. nothing the of the Allow heat when or cover the the back of the subwoofer. Where the as the the readily the of the when the cord. ANTENNA LEAD IN WIRE GROUND CLAMP ANTENNA DISCHARGE UNIT (NEC SECTION GROUNDING CONDUCTORS (NEC SECTION GROUND CLAMPS POWER SERVICE GROUNDING ELECTRODE SYSTEM (NEC ART PART H) This should operated only from the type of indicated the If of the type of home, or outlets, cords, or as this of or shock. the from and or thinner with of the of through the as they or short-out that or shock. of the as specically these instructions, to service this yourself. servicing to service or the the required, the service technician the or the characteristics as the Unauthorized shock, or other closing the to where the the the white of the with from the when the turned The bright light the when Dont the of the of to F to C). Doing and to The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Allow the to hour WARNING: the this or cords associated with with this to lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.)
ANTENNA LEAD IN WIRE GROUND CLAMP ANTENNA DISCHARGE UNIT (NEC SECTION ELECTRIC SERVICE EQUIPMENT GROUNDING CONDUCTORS (NEC SECTION GROUND CLAMPS POWER SERVICE GROUNDING ELECTRODE SYSTEM (NEC ART PART H) routing wires. and/or to the from or the screen completely closed or o the or mount. the included through the or They rated this mis-installation or other Either the through the included tracks, or them directly outlets. of the included with this from children to of suocation. This should operated from the type of indicated the If or connected to the the or grounded as to protection and built-up charges. of the National ANSI/NFPA information with to of the and grounding of the lead-in to of conductors, location of to grounding and the grounding the below should located the of overhead or other light or or where such or should to from touching such or as with them might the of this of heat or sunlight. nothing the of the Allow heat when or cover the the back of the Where the as the the readily the of the when the cord. This should operated only from the type of indicated the If of the type of or outlets, cords, or as this of or shock. the free from and or thinner with of the of through the as they or short-out that or shock. of the as specically these instructions, to service this yourself. servicing to service or the the severely the service the or the characteristics as the Unauthorized shock, or other closing the to where the the the white of the with from the when the turned The bright light the when Dont the of the of to F to C). Doing and to The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the Allow the to cool hour WARNING: the this or cords associated with with this to known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.)