About the and Notations Used of The EPSON the following to the the below. Instructions/Support and Service This information using the and includes warranty service, and troubleshooting to this thoroughly the (this This information the basic operations, the troubleshooting and Notations this indications that the and correctly, the and the to to the or to others and the of to property. The indications and their meaning as follows. them properly reading the information TIP Indicates the or Indicates items. "Image"-"Color Indicates the of the of and or appears the of this they to items which or optional to the This information that, possibly death or to incorrect This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect Indicates where or to the the correctly. Indicates information and which useful to know topic. Indicates where information topic found. Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. to the the
Checking the the that these If of the or incorrect, please the of purchase. (with cover) Remote to the and to the CD-ROM Instructions/Support and Service
Table of of the and Top the the Projection Connecting Sources.......................12 Operations Starting and Turning the and the expected projected.....................................................15 Turning the off Quality Quality Selecting the Selecting the aspect............................................18 Advanced and RGB Functions the of Remote Rear...................................................................... Appearance...................................................9 the the the the Projection Projection the of the Quality Sharpness (Advanced) Iris Preset Quality (Memory Function)......................................24 and Memory.......................................... "Memory"
Troubleshooting Reading the the (warning) or flashing...............................................................37 operation..................38 Cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the the the operating the relating to when with the Optional of Supported RGB) from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input Specifications Table of the Quality Troubleshooting
of the appearance selected to match the The the location selecting the from the following If or selected, the to increase the and to tones appear with tints. with wide-angle function The function allows the of the to vertically and without the This allow the to with from or to the
This with the this to the and the clearer, Sophisticated to the the and tones to the to the offset and RGB and the and of RGBCMY to that match the with throw throw only) of Advanced Advanced such as Iris" and "Sharpness (Advanced)" to With the Iris function turned the amount of light to match the projected, to with and perspective. The Sharpness function to the to such as and clothing. Other functions to of the other as follows. EPSON White that overexposure that too bright The memory function easy to tone memory, and to them Remote with backlight and ease of operation function the brightness of to of and of the
and Functions Top Turn the to the of the to the or right. cover this when the the outlet the which cools the of the anything that become warped or heat near the or to the while to the that the when top. with function the as the buttons the to "Remote further these buttons. Top Source of input and switches to input Warning Flashes or lights to with the cover the this to the to the from and Remote light- from the Top below Turn the to the of the or below the from Remote light- from the
Remote the on/off. Source buttons Switch connected to the when displayed. Press to items and and the Memory loads, and memory RGBCMY the and each RGBCMY the and clears the Remote light-emitting and Functions of the buttons the seconds that they to the previous when while the the While this to the item and to the the to the Aspect the aspect to match the input Sharpness the sharpness. off and the temporarily. while the displayed, or while displayed or the and appears.
and Functions Rear input to the of the input to the of the [HDMI1] input to HDMI TM or to [HDMI2] input to HDMI TM or to input to the or of the This cooling the of the If collects the the the and with operation or of the The should cleaned Compatible with HDCP fixing the optional mount when the cover from [PC] input HDMI with outer connected to the input the of the to and To this the commercially-available through of the whichever to the RGB of the [RS-232C] to using RS-232C to the from the This cover switch Press to the cover. DC when the turned It to the of this (on/off) to such as Security switch the the optional cover
Appearance 5-M4 from of to fixing of of Units:
the the further from the the While to the below, the that the the the The should as the Shortest The to the and the the following the from the the height of the match with that of the the to the that the right front of positioning using the of the the correction optically. the should used. the of Projection Projection Shortest Screen A* B* *This the from the of the to the of the (A: the highest (B: the lowest Units: Units: that the to the If the to the of the
from directly front from the of the from If the off to the straight (rather than the of the then the to the the TIP If the the this should technicians mounting If correctly, the This or to the If mount and apply to the mount to the screws from or or the the housing crack and the from its mount. This serious to the mount and the or mount, to the screws from and or the where there of or near cooking or heating or where with or or this of or shock Clean the least once months. Clean the the the its This malfunctions to Projection You the EPSON plate around when the from the from the of the plate pressed, the slightly, around and then back the
Connecting Sources (VHS VCR, DVD the connected. RCA (commercially- The the of the which connected. of to the with the what of the TIP Turn the off both the and the connecting them. If the the of the of the and the the If to force to with or of malfunction or to the or (commercially- (commercially- HDMI DVI-D HDMI (commercially- HDMI that conforms to the HDMI specifications. HDMI to DVI-D (commercially- (commercially-
the Remote the the and indications the cover. the and the that they correctly. If the of the or it that the becoming this them with AA or ready. You other the AA or TIP the Remote within this At the of purchase, the the the the the cover while pressing its the the the
and Turning the and the If there with though the and connected correctly, to TIP the cover. Turn the switch. If the "Direct On" to "On", the of the when the switch turned without to the of the or the The with the "Child function that children from turning the and the and the function that mis-operations the of about or the "High to "On". This with function that when input switched. If or with LCD to the to or function to the While holding the (the with such as the selection Computer's Turn the (Commercially- ON the while Turn the the connected of selection NEC SOTEC HP IBM LENOVO SONY DELL or OS, the output selection
the expected If than connected, or the or the buttons to the the the first, then the the Press the that the of the that the to. the of the from the input to the from the the TIP Turning the off Turn the off the that connected to the Press the or the displayed, or once You whether the (On) or the If to the off with operation. the expected Turning the off the expected Turning the off Starting and the displayed. of the the to the input to The input switched when operations about three seconds with the input You to switch to the cool-down seconds) completed, flashing around the and then off the switch. or electricity the cover. If the from and the cover the the anywhere, the Operations
the Projection Turn the to the If the directly front of the the function to the of the vertically or within the shown right. While turning the the where heard currently about the of the The to the and the The shifted when shifted the amount. the shifted vertically the amount, shifted to of the of the that the shifted from the Turn the to the of the the to the the amount. the 1/2V 1/2V 1/2H 1/2H upwards to the right to the
1/2H 1/2V the of the from the that the front to the You to the first such as and using the without to If the pressed, the appears. To the the of the the of the the Operations
Quality Select Operations to Press to the selection. *If the Select disappears. If that or the aspect function such as or the of or infringing the author's right that protected copyright TIP Selecting the Selecting the Press and the from the the Selecting the aspect Selecting the aspect Press and the aspect from the or input to the [HDMI1], [HDMI2] or input the aspect "Normal" and input input recorded input This when input from and If the become Normal. to the HDMI1/HDMI2 Normal
and bright bright clear and with using It recommended that this when Normal the selected, the EPSON automatically and the of the exactly. with aspect ratio Recommended aspect Normal Black appear the and right of the HDTV projected, the appear recorded or DVD software the as the projected, the Quality You from of the input to the HDMI1 and HDMI2 If this when which recorded the obtained. with aspect ratio the height as the projected, the top and of the from If this the of the from the top and reduced the that the with and the truncated, the Caption command to the height as the At this the ratio near the of the become the and right of the This when there to the of the the appear to what they would their both of the the of the appears and of Quality
Advanced You "Sharpness" or "Advanced" the to the to The and "RGBCMY" the screen directly the the The the memory that them and apply them to the Differences the when projected, and to this. (Projection temporarily such There of One to of the correction The other which with reference to the or The the input and its the when to Color". and The and each of the (red), C and (yellow) when to Color". and from the correction or (UP or DOWN) to the correction that the connected and from or and then or to the selection. the to the of the selected, the of become the lighter become oversaturated. This indicated the the selected, the bright of become This indicated the the
the tone of the to bluish, and the of the Brightness the of the from the or (UP or DOWN) to "Customized" from the that and then or to the selection. appear the or to the to the where to the brightness, and or to the selection. The selected and the of the brightness flash, and appear. or (UP or DOWN) to the and then or to the Press to back and or (UP or DOWN) to and the and then "Saturation" or "Brightness" and then or (LEFT or RIGHT) to the To another To the to their Press to the from the or (UP or DOWN) to "Customized" from the that and then or to the selection. appear. or (LEFT or RIGHT) to the where would to the of the or (UP or DOWN) to the and then or to the Press to back and Advanced Quality
Advanced RGB The brightness the (red), and of the (offset) and bright when to Color". If would to appear clearly, the to the (right) If to the the whole become the become If would bright to appear clearly, the to the If to the (right) that the becoming brighter and to white, the light become RGB RGB Press and then "Advanced" "RGB" that and the selection. or (UP or DOWN) to and then or (LEFT or RIGHT) to the To the to their Press to the
Quality Further to to advanced sharpness and the amount of light from the to match the search of the Sharpness (Advanced) If "Thin the and the of clothing emphasized. If "Thick the the "Thin emphasized. Instead, the rough of the such as and background, emphasized, to the the sharpness the them to the This input of Iris Iris" the light from the to the of and higher and Tracking of the light to of to "Normal" or "High preference. when to Color." sound of Iris function while This of the Sharpness (Advanced) Iris Press and then "Sharpness". Select "Advanced" the top-right of the to the selection. or (UP or DOWN) to and or (LEFT or RIGHT) to You "Thin and "Thick the using the the top the To the to their Press to the the directly the sharpness ("Standard"/"Advanced") as selected using "Sharpness" of the Press and then Iris". Select "Normal" or "High to the selection. Press to the Quality
Preset Quality (Memory Function) of and the to the the then Memory). the easily, that with the Memory). Preset Quality Memory) and memory Loading and memory to to memory. The that to memory as follows. items The following items Advanced when input from Reduction EPSON White HDMI
Memory each of the to the to Press and Memory". The Memory displayed. Select the memory to the to from Memory1 to and or the memory this that already to memory. Select already memory and or displayed. If the previous memory and the Preset Quality (Memory Function) Memory Press and Memory". The Memory displayed. Select the memory The selected when the memory the right from memory to the the input TIP Memory This to and Memory Press and Memory". The Memory displayed. Memory the memory to displayed. If the memory To Memory" the Quality
Functions The to of and and input The following of items the while the Top the to the the section. The to the and of the Color" TIP the Press Press or Selecting item or to then of the items the the This the of the while the Navigation
or to If when item with to selected, the selection that item displayed. To to items such as "Brightness" which the to the while the displayed. If the while displayed, the disappears. This the If once the TIP Press or to then Functions Current
Functions of input, the and the Also, the items the the and the "Info" the type of that projected. Not displayed when input from This the Brightness Sharpness Advanced Iris Not displayed when input from Aspect Normal, Caption Tracking Motion Detection On, On, Advanced Theatre,Cinema, displayed when input through the HDMI1/HDMI2 input Normal, ECO Normal, High Advanced RGB RGBCMY displayed input appear when from the [HDMI1]/[HDMI2] input input) Reduction EPSON White On, HDMI Normal, Expanded Thin Thick from the from the R, G, R, G, (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), C (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness)
Direct On On, Info Child High Projection On, displayed input input Hours Source Scan Refresh Rate Info Memory Memory Memory Memory The text displayed yellow when to the from 0H to 10H displayed as 0H. From 10H the of 1H. The "Info" to the the of HDMI This information about that occurred the This to when Memory1 to Memory10 Memory1 to Memory10 Memory1 to Memory10 On, On, On, On, Rear, Rear/Ceiling Top-center, Top-right, Center-right, Bottom-right Background Confirmation NTSC NTSC4.43, PAL M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, SECAM input Functions On, Black, On, On, Memory
Functions selected the to match the or the Brightness when to Color".) this when the of the connected and that when to Color".) the bright and areas. the increased, with obtained. when to Color".) This the the when to Color".) This the tint. Sharpness This the sharpness. The to the Advanced This to when to Color".) This the tints of the If higher appear bluish, and appear The to of within the of 5000K to 10000K. when to Color".) This the tones of people who appear the If higher tone increased, and tone increased. Advanced to these This You or while or RGB This the offset and each of the R/G/B The each and type. The each and Not displayed when input from
RGBCMY This the and brightness each of the R/G/B/C/M/Y This the brightness to of to "ECO" the too bright when or projecting the "ECO" the and reduced. Iris when to Color.") Tracking of the light intensity to brightness of to "Normal" or "High preference. If to light intensity This the to their Aspect Selects the aspect This when "Aspect" to This function the to reduced the that the top and of that from when The the (reduction the the and displayed the Caption This when "Aspect" to This function the of the or to when with Tracking (This when RGB input.) This the appear the (This only when RGB input.) This the or interference appear the and when the brightness, and sharpness obtained the "Tracking" first and then the The each and type. The each and The each input appear when from the [HDMI1] /[HDMI2] input input) Functions
Functions when input from the [HDMI1] /[HDMI2] input of the clipped, the vertically and that the projected. Press and to the (This only when input from the input or input from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input to using the :This when with amount of :This graphics, and input Motion Detection (This when input from the input or input from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input Select whether the fast-moving or slow-moving The the the the The the the the (This only when input to the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input input pull-down or pull-down Selecting "On" the pull-down. This to or off to whether the to their when the input The three items "Tracking", and Advanced Reduction This reduces of Three Select the to when the such as DVD, interference. (This when NTSC or input from the input If products such as South that this function to the of the connected when this EPSON White (This when the to or and input the [HDMI1]/[HDMI2] input If bright white of appear and overexposed, to "On". to "On", the "HDMI Not displayed when input from input appear when from the [HDMI1] /[HDMI2] input input) The each and type.
when input from the input This the (the of If to the top and the of the affected interference the such try to the Displayed when the from [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input input. This to or the input (Not when the DVI connected to the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input HDMI when "EPSON White" however, when to Color.") the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input of the connected to DVD player, this to allows the to and the of the input If this to and blackout/whiteout the of the to match that of the DVD player. The the DVD Normal or Expand. that the DVI connected to the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input displayed. the the "Aspect to their Direct On the switch turned to (On) without or to "On" with the switch that of electricity that when the back the to The with power-saving function that the to off and the to switch to input to the of The of the power-saving function operates selected from four If selected, the power-saving function If while the Child This the function of the the that the and the the applied, the about seconds. to turn off the and the to as If the the the turned off and the cool- "Child to "On", that turning the switch when "Direct On" to "On". The each and type. Not displayed when input from
If this to "On", can't the and appears the when pressed. To and the about seconds or If the the exiting the This the function which information such as the of the to If the the the turned off and the cool- High of as to internal using of about to "On". This should with the to the Select when the front of the Select when the front of the and from Rear Select when the the Rear/Ceiling when the the and from If the light from or becomes bothersome while or the this to Press and to specify the the to displayed. Selects the the 1:Black This whether the following displays appear (On) or appear aspect and item when memory such as when input, when incompatible input, and when the internal Background selecting the when using the function or when input. This whether the (the that when displayed (On) or displayed If the the the turned off and the cool- Confirmation whether the displayed (On) or displayed
the with the that connected to the or [S- input If to the automatically. If there of interference the or such as though selected, the manually. this the type of that from the that connected to the input If selected, If appear though selected, the This the and the functions to their the "High "Projection", and Functions
Functions "Memory" Memory This Memory". This selected when nothing Memory". Memory This to Memory This to memory. This to their and the and the of "Memory" to their executed. Memory This that the Memory". Hours Clear the operating and to "0H". this when the
Reading the The its the (the and the around the and (the light and flash, and lights and flashes to the The following what the and to the that they If switched off, that the connected correctly and that the switch the (warning) or flashing Flashing the from the Then or the the and Service the Clean the of about the "High to "On". High (overheating) The switch off and approximately the cooling off the switch the of the High-speed cooling You the the switch off automatically. the and then the If the If the or the the If the the replaced, the and the from the Then or the the and Service If the of or and the Clean the they (operation) (warning) warning/problem If the when the turned back the off the switch, and the from the Then or the the and Service Troubleshooting
operation, the off. Flashing It to the the with as as If to the without the the blowout. If Warm-up Warm-up seconds. off operations while Projection Normal operation Cool-down seconds) and while cool-down Once cool-down the to stand-by If the switch the of the turned off while cool-down the cooled sufficiently required), and then turn the switch back
the If of the following and the offer to the each relating to appear the completely the completely played displayed. The "Not Supported" displayed The or of Interference or appear such as interference, or white appear. when with the The relating to appear the Press the or the the switch Turn the switch the rear of the turned off? of the Disconnect the and then switched off? the to supplied. active? Press the to the function. input? that the the connected turned If the to "On", relating to the displayed. or of the displayed. right The whole appears or white, appear and LCD performance, that the the and the appearing the match, this of appear Projection Troubleshooting
the If or input correct? If when the to the that matches the the of the correctly? the and connected while their already turned connected the to both externally and to the LCD when from or with built-in LCD The "Not Supported" If or input the If when the correct? to the that matches the the match the and of the when If the connected to the input If when the the to the that matches the that from the connected If the while the already turned the function that switches the to Turn the the that connected to the off and then back to and LCD to specifications of the the to externally. title such as or "Connecting If the connected to the input If when the the to the that matches the that from the connected the to the input, and the of Displays" to that the "Info" of Displays"
The that of the securely the correctly? connected. Press or the input selected? the or the to the Turn the the the the connected turned If the only to the LCD the to the to the when the externally, they appear the LCD title such as or "Connecting when from or with built-in LCD screen or of the the correctly? the cover. the cover attached? The recommended from the to the the the within to of and to of the that the within this If the from to the or the of the and this the to appear the the hour to used. If the off the the and the to Interference or appear If or input the correct? If when the to the that matches the that of the securely the connected correctly? connected. If the while the already turned the function that switches the to Turn the the and the off and then back If the to the input If when the the to the that matches the that from the connected Troubleshooting
If used, interference increase. used? connecting amplifier. the and "Tracking correctly? when the that the that the selected? with this of Supported Displays" when or Press to the aspect that to the input the aspect selected? If with using the Caption to the the the to the the correctly? If the activated the connected the of the the the To the whole of the the off the when the that the that the selected? with this of Supported Displays" when right If or input the If when the correct? to the that matches the that of the securely the connected connected. correctly? the to the the correctly? the "Advanced" to the "Advanced" appropriately? The function that the to of the obtained such the and commands to the If the to the input If when the the command to the that matches the that from the connected
the Saturation" and "Tint" commands to the and correctly? the and tint. Saturation", "Tint" when projecting from appear the "Brightness" commands to the the brightness "Brightness" correctly? the "Contrast" to the the correctly? the nearly the the become and the become this the should with Projection to On, the off active? input about and the switches to Press the the or the the to the back To the to when Press the or the the If the "Child to "On", the "Child to "On"? about seconds or the to the "Child If the to "On", to "On"? buttons the Press the the and then of the switched off? the to supplied. the off and when the touched? Turn the off, the and then If this the there with the Then or the the and Service Troubleshooting
with the The the light- facing the light-receiving when operated? The operating the the too from the sunlight or light from the light- the or the correctly? the the light-receiving the location where light the light-receiving while that they correctly.
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should the it becomes or the of to Cleaning the If the becomes with and the "The overheating. nothing the and or the displayed, the If the becomes with overheating which operating or reduce the operating of the It recommended that the about once three month. If the location, the should cleaned The or cleaning, with and the gently. If too the and the cover. Press the to release the catches, and then the cover upward. the the four or with the facing to off the the the other and to off the the otherwise become or and used. containing to or which to such as the or of the the the becomes the and fire. of
to from the of the the the cover. Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Then the with cloth. Cleaning the To the to purchased the alternatively with cloth. such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off. the with or the to as easily become with the faced to the right.
If the or the though the cleaned. the The the appears the when The or to The warning to appear of about hours of to the brightness and of the The the to appear such as If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should ready or the the TIP displayed.
the the cover power-off or TIP the If the and to replaced, there the that the already If the of which to the should that the and with Furthermore, should to the of the the cooled sufficiently the cover. If the burned. the operating The operating the with The built-in counter which of the operating the operating reaches the warning to displayed. of properly with regulations. PP PP, PET Press or to turn off the and then the switch OFF. Press or to off the and then the switch OFF. the hour). Securely the the cover. fixing screws. Press to Press to the the the cover. Press the to release the catches, and then the cover upward. the screwdriver of the the cover switch, then the cover.
the the the cover. the fixing the screws. the and the cover securely. The the or the cover correctly. This includes that mercury Please or recycling. of with Select from the straight. Select and then with the faced to the right. the that the
Optional The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of: of to without country of purchase. Optional ELPSC06 which easily. Aspect Ratio ELPSC07 Screen ELPSC08 ELPSC10 roll-type (Aspect VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 to the to Mount ELPMB20 ELPMB22 (with when the to mm/white) ELPFP07 mm/white) ELPFP13 mm/white) ELPFP14 when the to high or with (White) ELPCC01W to cover of the that from to the appearance. of to the from the Please the of purchase to this Unit ELPLP49 screwdriver) as ELPAF21 as
of Supported Refresh SDTV HDTV Refresh TV(NTSC TV(SECAM TV(PAL
of Supported from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input SDTV HDTV RGB) Refresh VGA Refresh VGA SVGA XGA SXGA WXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21
Specifications Product EH-TW3600 EH-TW3200 (W) (H) (D) including inch TFT active (W) (H) Scanning vertically, UHE W, ELPLP49 (light to 240V AC to 1.3A supply to to +35C to +60C Approx. RCA input You HDMI or DVI-D the the clock: to clock: to 272W to 120V 261W to 240V PC input HDMI input* HDMI HDCP incompatible with CEC input RCA input DIN RS-232C to to to to 0.2W 0.3W
Specifications This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. Product Information Conformity with the EEE Regulation. of If the higher than the and RS-232C Connector input RS-232C <At <At DNX TM ICs this EEE <At (PC <At Function GND GND GND earth RD TD TD TD RD RD
responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA EPSON of Product: LCD H373C/H416C Specifications
Following of of the terms this which or which the Further information obtained to other commercially-available publications. Aspect Ratio The ratio and its to such as those HDTV where the ratio the and the height The aspect ratio SDTV and of (Y), or and or conveying and chrominance together The of the light and of increased or to and graphics clearly, or to them appear Cool-down This the which the cooled become through It when the the or the to off the off the switch while cool-down otherwise the cool-down properly. If the cool-down allowed to normally, the and high and this the useful of the or with the operation of the The about seconds to cool The the HDCP High-bandwidth Protection, which type of copyright protection unauthorized copying which and DVI and HDMI The HDMI input terminals of this HDCP that which protected HDCP projected. to the HDCP to which protected the HDMI TM High Definition Interface, and to of high-definition and HDMI TM that household and that allows to their high without and includes function. HDTV High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or aspect of reception and (or other from top to every other easily become NTSC National Committee, and ground-based broadcasts. This North America and and South PAL Phase and ground-based broadcasts. This countries and countries such as and Africa. from top to once. though the the as scanning, because as information of (Y) and chrominance (C) SDTV Definition It to which the HDTV.
SECAM and ground-based broadcasts. This Eastern and the Union, the East and Africa. Security consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security SVGA 800(W) 600(H) SXGA 1280(W) 1024(H) (Synchronization) The from If the match this the of quality. The of the phases of these (the of the and troughs the "synchronization". If the such as and interference Tracking The from If the match this the of quality. The of matching the of these (the of the If correctly, appear the VGA 640(W) 480(H) XGA 1024(W) 768(H) SDTV. the and and the HDTV. the and and the