Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The and the graphical to to the Please and these to to or property. indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. the section of the Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or The indicated should the of the numbered Indicates operating and the of operations. Procedure Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the buttons the Remote or the [ESC] Select "Brightness" from the Indicates the items. Brightness (Boldface) Brightness
Introduction This chapter the features and the
and The pointed or that to the or with This effective Ease of when mount easy to the and the balanced and easy The the of the to mount This that with the surrounding and the easy cover which mount attached to these The sophisticated and the The to turned easy. The to mount the the the the easily as The type to easy The the back of the appearance. the function that allows to the of the The and functions operated with age the and of easy the mounted the tions. with and functions optional You the to the and and the optional which allows to and easily the optional There cleaning and easy. The and You the cover and straight of the back of when mounted the their covers the without using screwdriver. off release them.
Protect to and users Enhanced security The with of the with the other and reliablity You this to people from without and restricts operation the The with the following of anti-theft security who the with anti-theft and Colors with high-resolution WUXGA information the the information without You amount of to or switch Security Security Direct On/Off to Theater or to tion of the this that and the where centrally, such as the tor to and off when the to which the connected switched or off. turning the off, the without to the to cool cool and the of each RGB the and brightness of each RGBCMY, the with and as the matching
The Security with the Security Security Function The shows and Functions mounted the to and to The front when the the foot the service life. to and this to with and collects the internal to to cool the internally. If the regularly. C this cover to to the when the to Interface This when using the this cover to or the when the cover from the Remote and the interface cover. the from the optional mount when through Projection Interface cover switch mount fixing anti-theft through the these when carrying the Also, to the Function people to or the the
through this to HDMI connected to the HDMI input become when thick heavy the from disconnecting. Function The following the cover. information to the cover and and Functions Interface to the from other RGB from and input Connects the optional and from the the this the the the BNC input This the connected to the input or to the from other than the input or the BNC input or other input to and should normally used. to the with RS-232C This the from RS-232C RGB from connected to the DVI-D This with HDCP DVI-D input to LAN and then to LAN and computers. This from HDMI with HDCP HDMI input from other RGB from and BNC input Function from input from input C
The of the and whether they flashing or the of the Function and Functions Rear Corrects If while which items and the or displayed, and these buttons the You the to completely Press this to or the If when the displayed, to the previous the function. which items and Corrects If while the or displayed, and these buttons the to cool the internally. Also, this cover to the Function cover) displayed, and the selection and the Tracking, and If of RGB the or to the to the to the input that connected to the and and the [Source Search] to and to The when the the Rear foot that become warped or and or the otherwise affected heat the while to the Press this to through the and the On or from the Remote these to the cover. cover C
Turns the On or Function and Functions Remote to from the input to from the BNC input [BNC] C and the to from the input [Computer] to from the input displayed, and the selection and the or to the the optional wireless receiver, this the the displayed, selects items and the or You the to completely this the or the using the optional wireless receiver, the buttons. Acts as when using the optional wireless receiver. buttons the and If of RGB to the The Aspect Ratio each the pressed. [Aspect]
the assigned item selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to one-touch items. the Press to assign item from the Function Press to the Function and Functions Each this the the the DVI-D and HDMI input [DVI-D/HDMI] this switch to ID the ID switch assigned as the function this [LAN] button this the optional and from the the the Remote and the which shows to with they Press to the Press to the ID. [ID] light when to the input that connected to the and [Search] light-emitting Remote the pressed, the this to IP from the Network, and this to IP IP from the and buttons Press to the The the without the The reduces the of that the displayed, to the the function. If when the [ESC] Press to the or buttons Acts as right when using the optional wireless receiver.
Functions This chapter and the Security
Correcting Distortion with Corner There to as below. This allows to manually each of the four corners of the separately. Corner Correcting Distortion the Projected Press the and then from the the the the Remote Procedure You easy This allows to manually the and and the corrections the Corner to The correction properly to the The to the top or The to the as below, the corrected accurately. the to the shown below when and the Press the to the selection from Corner", and then the button. which of the four corners. pressed, correction buttons the The to when and and Corner and correction while to connecting or other These together. the correction selected from the the correction choose assigned to the
Correcting Distortion the Projected buttons To the the the and or the the C the the or the buttons the to the to and then the and If the the the as shown the screenshot below, the further that
correcting with Corner, the following displayed. If the about seconds while Correcting Distortion the Corner: the of Corner Switch to Switches the correction to H/ selecting the displayed. from the to to Corner the correction to buttons the from the when when the buttons the and and the to the correction and as to corners.
when input. HDMI and the input from the projected. The input from connected You the to to the input directly to the Source Search You the the following the Projected connected, playback this operation. the the Remote Procedure Automatically and the Projected (Source Search) or of connected, the [Source Search] the projected. input when the [Source You the as input with Search] connected. If about seconds, the or when found. You the input where the to when the that the currently The following showing the of DVI-D C BNC
You directly to the the following the Remote Switch to the Remote the Remote to from the input to from the input C to from the input Each the pressed, the the DVI-D and HDMI input This to from the BNC input function this
Procedure Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Functions Remote the that to surroundings when You easily the selecting The of the the selected. bright This the brightest bright Application The the the If the while the displayed the to the The the from the tone Theatre or The and brought to life. TV bright input) Sports such as bright The and brought RGB) input) The when Theatre or selected. Select to R,G,B,C,M,Y from the that to the
the to the of the displayed and Functions Enhancing Projection the Iris the the Remote Procedure the the Press the button, and Iris from the the Procedure the buttons, the or The each Select On. the closed and operations the to from the about the and off automatically. If to If while the closed, the and to off the the C Press the to the Iris only when the to On Iris Theatre or to the the the the when from You this when to the what or to such as the Temporarily
The and the the Aspect Ratio when connected that that recorded or the Aspect Ratio when of Aspect ratio as follows. the Aspect Ratio from without photo. Also, operations such as the function activated Functions Projection Remote Procedure Remote Procedure If the while the or The to back the while and to displayed, the or from the where while used. displayed cleared. the or off. The Aspect displayed the the If the while the Aspect the it to the Aspect The aspect using Aspect the from the the pressed, the aspect the Normal, and Native. the Aspect
Functions Projection Normal Native C
You the aspect of input from the Computer, DVI-D, or HDMI input as follows. This offers WUXGA (Aspect Ratio the Aspect to the Aspect Functions Projection Projection input to the the Aspect of the input the input Computer, DVI-D, or BNC) Normal input. to the Aspect of aspect based information from the input. when the input HDMI)
Projection input Functions input the projected. as the aspect ratio that the input to the input input the of the input to the If the the of the This clear of the Native
If of the or everything, or Normal from the the of the Functions
the This allows to the and to the about. Functions Function from the or You choose from three of Remote the Procedure Each the the appears or
to the of the that to the This when to to them such as and of the Functions Remote Remote C Remote Procedure to to The ratio appears the The selected If selected, and Reduction the to through the the pressed, the expanded. You holding the You reduce the the Press the [ESC] to
the ID with of the the ID ID: ID: ID switch: On Combinations tion of the of the when ID the and the the to only the with matching ID. This when ID and ID switch On, and the with the match, ID: Not of the ID the or the The the ID switch the of the You ID the within of to to the You ID the within of to The The following shows the of ID and ID. Remote to from the the ID. Remote ID: ID switch: On matches the to On, and ID the switch with the ID, the ID: Combinations tion ID: ID switch: On of of the the ID switch the to the ID the with the ID: with the ID of the the ID ID: ID: ID switch: On Remote ID: ID switch:
the following to the ID. Checking the ID of the of the when the ID the ID switch to On. Procedure the the Remote ID" from the the and the Procedure while the [ID] the Remote Choose the ID to and the C Press the to the the buttons, the ID displayed the It about three seconds.
The ID the the to them and the ID retained. However, the to the (ID0). of the of the when the Remote ID the ID switch to On. Procedure to match the ID of the While holding the [ID] to to Once this the that operated the
the the and tone each to reduce the Correcting Correction and that the of from each the and tone of each with match closely. Press the and Each selected, the of the selected You correcting from from the the or correcting to or to Select to corrected displayed. Procedure Iris On On to and to Iris Iris while this function activated. the brightness and tone match completely correction. of Correction Procedure the to the brightest to the to the the and the each the the the to the the correction and from C Correct the brightness with Brightness Correct. from corrections the from and to the following to You from to white to and each You correction when from You the to them of these the following Correct the Correcting To to ID the and the ID the the ID and the ID. You the to them match closely Correct. (G/R) and Correct. (B/Y). Correcting displayed the and the Correcting Correct. (G/R) and Correct. (B/Y). each the the
Correcting the correction and corrections the to corrections finished. corrections finished, the to the
Background, and from Protect On to to the the of the the following the prohibited. the Protect You people the the You who the Operation without Protect The the following security Security Functions Network Protect On Network to the prohibited. Network Protect The with of anti-theft security Anti-Theft Protect) the about The Protect displayed. seconds. the following to Protect. Protect Procedure anti-theft as the At Furthermore, the that displayed when the This acts as Protect activated, people who know the the to the the of purchase, Protect activated. and turned (this to Direct On). If On Protect On to the the On Protect The following three of Protect to the used. of Protect
Remote If the correctly, the Protect If Protect already activated, the displayed. the Security Functions the the the as further theft On Protect Select and then the On Select and then the Press the [ESC] Turn On Protect. the displayed, the the the If the incorrectly, displayed prompting The accepted." displayed. to the the the Protect Select and then the On Select and then the Press the [ESC] C Turn Protect. Turn Network Protect. While holding the the the the buttons. Procedure the buttons. The as While the four the The the this to If the The the displayed, and then the fourth the displayed. Select and then the shown displayed Network Protect Select and then the On Select and then the Press the [ESC] the
the locked, the of the following to the buttons the as that appears the and the and then the switches to If this If incorrect three the that the the and Service The locked. about the from the and then If the of the and the back The displays the Security Functions operations from the including turning the of the the the of the buttons the locked. You or off. locked. thirty the following displayed and the The If to the and input the locked. as from the the and the the the Remote Procedure The following of operation restriction with the Restricting This function the related to the operation to it properly This or shows when to or when to operation.
This function the following buttons the related to the operation. Security Functions Select or to from the the Press the and the the Remote Procedure The buttons to the C Select when the displayed. chose. From the Remote about seconds, and the Press and the the from the released. You release the of the following
the often mounts and the includes the following security to from the Anti-Theft Security Functions The Security with the Security theft-prevention Security the through the to the to or You about the www.kensington.com/ Security Select On. the with the locking instructions. anti-theft through the the The buttons related to the locked to the chose.
This chapter to the and its
the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the
Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each of Functions RGB Function You the of the to surroundings. You the Brightness. Brightness You the of the You tints from to K. high selected the (This item selected selected as the from the becomes with when selected the becomes with red. when NTSC input You the Tint. You the light and the You the the You the sharpness. Sharpness
C You the and of each (red), C (yellow) (This item displayed when selected as the from the (This item displayed selected as the from the (This item selected selected as the from the You the of each individually. You choosing of the following. individually. Function of Functions (This when the the to Theatre or and whether or On to to the light projected. to Iris You the to their To items to their The each
Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each of Functions RGB/ RGB You whether or On the to the when the when to or Function Normal If the correctly when this to the connected You the This when connected fixed. The of the input identified. or to Normal or You the and right when of the that the whole You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking CG, animated and recorded to the when input. This when RGB input.) IP each field the This with amount of pull-down, to the of the This
Smoothes rough There Select It that this to when (This when RGB input) which such as Reduction Function of Functions You input from input If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the the DVI-D input or HDMI input connected to DVD player, the to the DVD (This when RGB input) player's DVI/HDMI If appear correctly when this to the to the connected If the input to the connected You input from input or BNC input The of to or You only when the input HDMI. selected, the switched to or to the input the effective when the (This when RGB input) connected the HDMI You the to their To items to their You the Aspect Ratio Aspect
of Functions the to corrections to and and the Corrects and Select of or You Corner Selects and corrects the four corners of the Function You this to of the You this to the of the Operation to operation Remote or the Remote light too to to the to or that interference. You the reception of the from the Remote selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and the ECO the too bright such as when or ECO reduced. about life: about You the brightness to of You the of the Shape You the item assigned from the with the Remote the the assigned item selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to one-touch You assign of the following Info, and items to the
the displayed that the without other While the To the the [ESC] the or the displayed, and correction Function of Functions You the to their To items to their Overheating and other such as when there input, and when On or when Source, Screen On You whether or the Screen (the displays when the Normal You or the of the and other Background Black You the when to or The following displayed the when this item to You related to the or Aspect. displayed. Function You the that displayed as background Background or You from the following to the the Projection Rear Rear/Ceiling
You from the following to the the Direction Function Normal of Functions On when this item to this the of recovery with this to On to the the off within the with the this to to this to On this when input and operations to because, the mounted the or somewhere to reach, back BNC Termination On the termination the from the BNC input This should to to Normal this item to to the with the selected, the with other to this EB-G5350/G5200W/G5100). This On to this off the the closed. Remote Normal You or the type of to that already with to the High On to when the of Direct On On You whether or to Direct On. when (75) termination such as necessary. On to the of purchase. of to You SNMP to and the of the the or the software You the functions that and the of the the when the this to On with this this to On, the and of from of the You from to white to and each of these Correct. (G/R) Correct. (B/Y) You the the of each Brightness Correct. Corrects the the of each On Iris to Brightness Correct. and Correct. You whether or On to Notice. this to On and the detected, the displayed the Notice the ID within of to that ID ID You the
You and Notice from the to their To items to their Function of Functions Protect to On Protect, relating to You Protect to Network Protect to On Protect and the You Network Protect to High and Remote Network
Function IP You input the IP assigned to the DHCP You whether or to DHCP. If this to On You Wired LAN of Functions You from to each field of the the following used. Gateway You input the IP the the You from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the the to when and the using You to function that allows to and the the Operation characters. You from to each of the the following Gateway used. to (where from to MAC You the MAC the to when the software. You to characters. To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should Trap IP Trap IP You to as the SNMP You SNMP SNMP
this or the information the of the "Reading Function" Function of Functions when or warning You to three You to The from from You the and the of the to You from to each field of the However, the following IP used. to (where from to You the SMTP characters the to You whether or (On/Off) to If this to SMTP You input the IP the SMTP the On the connected to this to to allow the to AMX Discovery. this to the connected to with from AMX or AMX Discovery. AMX Discovery the to the when connected to You the Network to their To items to their and then the holding the the Remote and the buttons. and the following software displayed. the the to the to the the to input. Press the to input. Each the [CAPS] selected, and and the [SYM1/2] selected, and the the section the
the of the and the of the Items that displayed the as shown the following shots. Info Only) of Functions RGB/ reaches the the characters yellow. You the operating Hours Function displayed, the operating normally. "Reading the Indicators". You the of the to the Source. You the Source the connected currently projected. Source You the of the The following the of the You the Lighted This Info about that occurred the This information service required. This information service required. You the Info. Info You the Refresh Refresh Rate
Function the of Functions The as "0H" the first hours. hours and displayed as "10H", "11H", and The following items to their items Network and You items the to their Function
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
C Confirm the selection. Remote If with the the to the You the the and as shown the below. The displayed. Press the Remote Procedure Press the to Select If the to the to
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the The with the following four that the operating of the Reading the Warm-up about seconds. the flashing. function warm-up. Warming or cool while the flashing. the this Indicates the operating Projecting Indicates the internal C Indicates the Indicates the
If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. when the the this to the following to what the and to that they Stop the the from the and or the the and Service or or flashing the the from the and or the the and Service The off and about about the that the and clear, and that the switches to the following If the clogged, clean or High (overheating) If the the the the from the and or the the and Service Cool Direction to or when the to or upward. of or High to On the both and they cracked. the following Clean the If the Stop the the from the and or the the and Service If the the with and the If it cracked the and the
to of the replaced). If cracked with or further If the yourself, or If the the the the from the and or the the and Service Direction to or when the or upward. that the and clear, and that the If the clogged, or the following High On of or to Stop using the the from the and or the the and Service Iris flashing or o to the Flashing The indicated flashing or with If to the the passed, the that the both together to and brightness of increases. with as as that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) If the clogged, or High Warning or the indicated the flashing or and it cracked. the following Clean the Warn- Warning
If the the the from the and or the the and Service If the the with and the If cracked the and the or Direction to or when the to or upward. If cracked with or further the burned-out as as High On of or to If the yourself, to of the from the and or the the If the though the defective. Stop the The off about that there and Service The "The clogged. Clean or the displayed. the following that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the further.) If the clogged, or Flow that the securely Flow The or Notice" only when Notice to On If the with tobacco and cleaned, with the If the the the the from the and or the the and Service The to the Clean or the displayed. Clean the Notice If the Flow to cleaning the the with If the indicated this Stop using the the from the and or the the and Service If the operating properly, though the showing to the
"The Remote Other If of the following and the offer to the each the the "I to the and "Nothing appears the Projection the completely the completely and from appear and nothing projected. "Moving displayed" relating to appear" such as interference, or white "Interference or appear appear. "The "Not supported" displayed." or of "Projection automatically" displayed." of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and The whole appears or white, the and the appearing the appear and on...(Computer and LCD reproduction performance, that the match, this of "The or or the aspect right" when appear supplied"
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the the Remote to active? Press the to the the the to the the input such as completely of the the correct? when from the correct? the completely when Moving displayed the to only. when from or with built-in LCD the to the LCD and the Projection Press the to the If to the to On to The off about that there that the securely installed. the installed?
The supported" displayed. to the to the and the Refresh Rate from the "Supported Displays" the to the the connected the and the Refresh Rate to the when from the correct? when displayed. that the to Turn the the and the when the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory If the to the LCD or to the accessory to If the while the of the or already the function the to as as the Computer's title such as or "Connecting off and then back the the [Source Search] the Remote or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Check Turn the the the the or turned when from or with built-in LCD the output to the Press the the to the the correctly? or of the to reduce the amount of correction. the too of the recommended within the recommended the the
appear the the about hour used. If the the of the and this the to If the from to or the off and the to the the to the the connected Interference or appear when from the correct? If the correctly using the Press the the Remote or the the to and Tracking from the Tracking If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the with the "Supported Displays" the and "Tracking correctly? when when the selected? the to the the connected Press the [Aspect] the Remote to aspect the input the aspect correctly? The or or the aspect when Press the the or the the to from other while from the when the If the correctly using the Position from the correctly? Press the [ESC] the Remote to the
If activated the of the only about of the the projected. To the the off the the from connected to the or BNC input the following to the the connected the input match the from the connected the that the with the Displays" when when the selected? right the and from the from connected to the or input the from the the correctly? the Brightness from the Brightness the Brightness correctly? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the from the correctly? the and correctly? the Brightness and from the Brightness the Brightness correctly? the from the correctly? when from appear the nearly the become and the becomes this the with the
when There the or the defective. the If this the the the from the and or the the and Service the and off when the touched? The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. and then the the switched off? Press the to the the the switch to On, the to with matching ID. ID switch to the ID switch the of the to On? Direct On On the to the when to the back Press the to the back the back or the immediately Direct Press the the Remote If to the to the to the Remote from the the the selected? If the or cover incorrectly, the it the cover and correctly?
The Other the location where light the receiver. the Remote Remote to from the sunlight or light from the Remote the Remote from the the the selected? The operating the about the too from the the the Remote the light-emitting the the when operated? of the ID the ID switch the of the to the ID the to and the ID the match. To the ID and the ID matched? the Remote the Remote Remote match the that the from the and the the connected, the light-emitting or the the optional connected to the or to the the correctly or the with necessary. the or the correctly? The only that from the or BNC input input from other than the or BNC input Nothing appears the the from the the to the and
the of to the the correctly. function correctly the If the or the the and Service the to abnormality and the to To the function when the Communication On from the to Communication On that outlet or functioning correctly. to the
This chapter information to the of performance from the to
following the Also, the the other than those shown the Direction properly the to the of installation. vertically or each shown below. Also, this to The mounted or as and from the from the malfunctions and shortens the operating of the or the and from the from the front of when the to correctly, the This or mount) or If or the the and Service to this Warning from from front of the screws from and or and mount. This serious to the mounting the the to screws from or things such as or or the mount, to If the mount fixing to the to from such as through the the the crack causing to from its mount and the directly directly
optional mount when the from The from the
Clean the and the when the following displayed or the flashing Cleaning the You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning If the yellow with tobacco cleaned. If collects the the of the to and this to with and shorten the service life. Clean the immediately this with when the displayed. "Clean or the to the containing to or which This of the fire the high of to such as the or of the the Cleaning the Warning lightly. If brushed too strongly, ground the the or using cleaning, with and and containing amount of and then wring If the particularly the cloth with the cloth using to the The of the or become such as or thinner to the Clean the with cloth. the off the and the the cover and and the cover while the the cover. Procedure cloth cleaning to the Cleaning the the with or the to shocks, as easily become
Cleaning If the too become to and cracks. the from the front C the the the four or to off the With the front (the with of the facing Turn and the other the
Cleaning Press the cover clicks the cover. If displayed, cleaning, to the with
This section to the the and the them with AA ready. You that the becoming this If the of the Remote or other the AA the Remote Press the cover clicks C the cover. the of the and the to the the the Instructions the While the cover catch, the cover the cover. Instructions Procedure the with
The or to the continually Normal: About hours ECO: About hours turn the immediately turning off. Turning the and off the of the appears, the with as as If to the the passed, the that the increases. the The to appear the following to the and of the The the the of the when It to the when: appears. You should the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the ready they the indicated the flashing or The flashes The when the from the and used, fire, shock, or the If or reassembledlamp the they there that the and should to the of the that the If the of which the should cover, the cover gently. or How to the Warning
C the the to and further If the cracked, with or the straight the cooled sufficiently the about hour the turned off the to cool cover. If the burns or other It enough. both together to the there and of the off the and the the the front of the cover together to release the cooled sufficiently the lock. the releases, the cover straight the cover the back of the Procedure the the the that fits and the clicks the
the securely. If the cover the Please or recycling. off as If the or the This includes that mercury correctly, the turn of with The records the turned and the and turning the the following and when to the displayed the and the counter. the Select and then the Press the cover the and to the right the cover. clicks. the operating If and the the count to 0H. the the
the The displayed though the cleaned. The turned brown. It to the when: to the C the the off the and the the cover and and the cover while the the cover. The when the from Procedure the
Press clicks the cover. of properly with of the of the
to (Projection to (Projection to to to (Projection rear ELPLR04 ELPLS04 ELPLM07 ELPLM06 Short ELPLW04 ELPLL07 The following optional and Please of to without and optional and as of: purchase these products as and when The following of the country of purchase. Optional Accessories and This the as the with the ELPKC02 Optional The They to Projection ratio when the ELPMB26 High mount ELPMB25 mount of these the with the too ELPKC09 ELPKC10 ELPKC19 of to the from and Service to this or the the ELPLP52 (one-pack) ELPLP51 this to the or to while this to operation from the from to ELPKC28 ELPST16 as as ELPAF23
the that the of purchase. Notes when and To to impacts when There and the the as follows. Notes Transportation If the the securely to from shock, and which clearly as containing the that the to and to them that the Checking the following and then the Turn off the to the and the cover to the the foot. Nearby people to or the the Transporting the the built-in If the the that the mount when purchased the the protective that the of purchase. The and shifts the the option other than the the Nearby", the following and then the
and the You Protect Protect On If from to Protect to You the that currently as the C "Choose this as the displayed, If selected when Aspect, or the function currently the to as the and then the the the Remote Procedure the the Remote or the the to the as to the of the Select from the the the and the operations they the the
You to the to the of the to as the the factor from the "Select this displayed, the this as the The the the "Completed. displayed. displayed, the the Remote Once the the seconds. the or connected while otherwise malfunctions to the factory
Units: Top to to the with optional To the the following to attached. optional attached, the The following shows the when the reference. and Units: Top to to Units: the from the of the to the of the This the of C Top to to
with 100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T LAN Connecting LAN To LAN To malfunctions, shielded LAN LAN To LAN C
when the RGB input from or BNC displayed and the the using the with the This that Connecting to such as the or and connected to the input other than input and BNC input to the to with To To C
the front cover. Removing and Attaching the Unit If or the of the and malfunction. If the the to the the when necessary. If or the to the section with or the Removing C the of the and counterclockwise. the fixing screws. the cover straight C the fixing screw. the interface cover. Procedure While the interface cover switch, the interface cover straight the fixing screw.
and Attaching the Unit clockwise locked. that the While holding the firmly, the the straight as released. Attaching the straight the insertion section with the white the top. the when the insertion section facing or the Procedure
Removing and the Unit the cover the the and malfunctions or the of If the without the and the with the the front cover to the the fixing screws. C the front cover. the the the interface cover. the fixing screws. C Tighten the fixing screw.
Flow Flow Reading Function The IP the where the The of the where the occurred and of the Subject: EPSON occurred. On the function to and the the following that the the the or input to the turned Cooling Flow Flow shows the that the each To The of the The following with problems/warnings, "Reading the Indicators" the The the and Warning Warning. Warning. Cooling The the Warn. Warning Notice Clean Iris Iris related Though this used, the Warning Warning or appears the of the with occurred The Indicates and (both High Warning High-speed cooling High (Overheating) and The informed Warning Warning Warning (both
the ON to the the and the ESC/VP21 Commands Command <At the <At the Connector input RS-232C Command Item input, the the and and then the command. If the terminates abnormally, and <At the (PC <At the SOURCE BF BNC SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE B1 RGB SOURCE RGB SOURCE PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF Function ground GND TD SOURCE A0 HDMI SOURCE B4 SOURCE DVI-D SOURCE SOURCE MUTE OFF MUTE ON On On/Off RD (CR) to the of each and
ESC/VP21 Commands Flow length: Parity:
network-compatible as of their to and Information Industries Association) as Class1 established the JBMIA About Class1, and confirmed the It with commands the following commands The with the Class1 established the JBMIA. URL: Non-compatible commands and Command Function Command Source AVMT INPT displayed information EPSON INPT BNC INPT INPT INPT DVI-D INPT HDMI "Product information EB-Z8000WU
Units: RGB) Supported XGA WXGA VGA SVGA Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate WSXGA+ WXGA+ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA WUXGA MAC19 MAC13 MAC16
Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate Supported MAC21 when other than those input, that the projected. supported. when VESA CVT-RB(Reduced input. when Normal selected as the from the the VGA Units: Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate
Units: Supported TV(NTSC) TV(PAL,SECAM) Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate
Units: from the HDMI/DVI-D input Supported XGA WXGA VG SVG Native Aspect Refresh Rate SXGA+ Non-compatible UXGA WUXGA SXGA when VESA CVT-RB(Reduced input.
EB-Z8000WU Product Specifications Specifications (W) (H) (D) including section) WUXGA (W) (H) Polysilicon TFT active UHE ELPLP52 (Communication On): 11.2W (Communication 0.3W 942W to 100-240V AC to 4.5A supply (Communication On): 13.1W (Communication 0.5W 877W to to +60C to 45C to The specifications when attached. optional attached, the with the optional to "Normal" of to and of to +40C.
Specifications Connectors HDMI HDCP CEC incompatible HDMI DVI-D HDCP DVI-D DIN input 5BNC BNC 1BNC input RJ-45 LAN The connected to and from HDMI and DVI-D However, input from This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. RS-232C DNX ICs this of the shown the or
The software with the that the following Conditions the Specifications Edition NT4.0 Professional SP4/ XP Edition SP2 or later/Windows XP Professional SP2 or later/Windows editions SP1 editions OS Recommended: II or MMX or CPU 64MB or Amount of Memory 50MB or or than SVGA rights when using the following operating or
FCC United States Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Computers Specifications that interference If the to to the interference or reception, which turning the off and This tested and found to with the this interference to or interference to there Class to of the FCC and and, These to reasonable protection and with the instructions, interference installation. This of the following Airport CA Inc. MS: Located the outlet from that the or technician Increase the the and receiver. or the to which the connected. expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the interference received, including interference that to the to the following this with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class responsibility that the tested and found to with the Records interference, and this operation. established the FCC this It the responsibility of the If this than interface the FCC or Declaration of this to and shielded interface with this connected to interfaces. or The of non-shielded interface to this the the and interference which the authority to the WARNING LCD of Product: EPSON H266C
Appearance from of to fixing of Units:
This section easily that with the and that the text of this to other publications. AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy operation of the this and to the function (ON). the AMX URL AMX Discovery The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio which the and to quality. to that of three and (Aspect Aspect Ratio (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that the that the brightness and together. The type of commonly household to The relative brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP sound Normal that which to this and encrypting DVI and HDMI protected HDCP with this the DVI-D and HDMI input with HDCP. the to HDCP High-bandwidth Protection. It to copying and copyrights protected with or revised of HDCP HDCP High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or reception and (or Aspect Ratio of HDTV This (router) network to Address) of whereby the that from to right and then from top to The and alternately. to connected to Network. IP
The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh Rate and Refresh Rate of whereby the from from top to to international that that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected to Definition that to which the HDTV SDTV Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP Network. SNMP High-Definition The from If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the relative of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference This that the of the from the IP type of with of that IBM computers. SXGA type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA which the and to to that of and C of The of matching the of these (the of the If Tracking The from If the match this the correctly, appear the Tracking type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. XGA type of with of that IBM computers. VGA This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP
and the of the Microsoft Corporation of their respective owners. and rights those Other and or already IBM, DOS/V, and XGA or of International or of and of Apple Inc. the United States of America and other countries and areas. Microsoft Corporation the United States and other and DNX of Inc. of and affiliated Notice: photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of or or mechanical, information contained Corporation. with to the of the rights of this reproduced, from the of the information Notes unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those The of this or without further this and the