rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This with protection. The property rights to the of this protection the of and others. employing this from the Company. The authorize the of this of including Further, disassembly, and prohibited. Reproduction of the of broadcast, performance, or of or thereof) without the of the copyright owner, strictly prohibited. and of Corporation. and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. Copyright Notice
lightweight that high-quality, anywhere than and DVD, or offers these features: Flexibility to (or from to from or DVD of with aspect ratio to ANSI of brightness, enough daylight JVC DVD with and DTS JVC with sound Long-life to hours of Two-year service warranty and Warranty The with two-year carry-in warranty. offers Service warranty the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or usually overnight Service to To the that with and to products, and service. SM
Optional these and optional the 30s: Product (ELPLP33) V13H010L33 (ELPAF09) V13H134A09 carrying (ELPKS56) V12H001K56 ELPSL01 matching W) these optional www.epson.com/homeentertainment and wall-mountable Ceiling-mountable Surround Sound You to purchase these from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca About This the sheet to This information troubleshooting specifications, and warranty information. Please follow these as through the followed to injury. to to Notes: information about Tips: helpful of services hours this to or information and to If the service. and the PIN the that with
and to Headphone Optional inputs subwoofer Computer/VGA cover switch with protective cover to
Top Remote Function/numerics switch Break lights DVD The buttons the the to light the buttons buttons DVD buttons buttons cover Source Stop On/Off
Follow the instructions this section to choose location, DVD and playback. Choosing Location You about anywherein the or You with the optional and optional or ceiling-mounted or white and the built-in The following four To choose white with smooth to coating the with to the Wall and Projection
to directly front of the or to straight to the If the too too high, or off to the the to the The further from the or the the The following the (measured that the affects aspect ratio to to to to to to to aspect ratio to to to to to to to
these the the within feet of or cord. than or If optional following the instructions included the the instructions to the the the The buttons the the to light the then the switch. The and lights These lights
Starting DVD Press the to the DVD DVD and the If the automatically, to the or the On/Off the necessary.
the Once to If the too too high, or off to the the to its The the both and the amount. the the then the to the right or the the to reduce or the the to the To or reduce the aspect ratio of the the the to Normal or the the switch the to the Left/right
the Sound To the the or buttons or the Turning To DVD or CD, the or Press the to the the and to the Press The off. cools
Turn off the switch. Turn off this when to the of the the to the from or
Playback You the buttons the or the to fast-forward, or replay sections of or You items DVD the DVD titles. title of CDs and CDs tracks. There three to or track with To or CD or MP3 track, the or the To the or the To and the the or the or To the or the To and light the or temporarily or the or To Pressing of the following the off and the the off, and to the to
Searching or To or through or CD, or the You and or the the the search (or shuttle) increases. To to Motion You or motion Press the Press repeatedly to the Press or to or motion. Each the the increases. Press to to To to the chapter or track, the To to the of the chapter or track, the Replaying To replay the seconds within the DVD title, the switch the to the
DVD top and include that To or To items or Then necessary. You title or chapter If to the buttons, to the switch the to the the switch, the the through To the then To the then To the then then To the then then to the Temporarily or To temporarily the soundtrack (from the built-in headphones, and optional subwoofer), The to Press to To temporarily the off the and the The soundtrack to Press to the You to based the lighting the Press The currently selected the Press repeatedly the appears. seconds, the and the
You from the following with light. with the or closed. Theatre: with the or closed and the lights off; the automatically tones. Theatre completely the tones. with Headphones headphones as shown below: headphones, hear sound from the built-in or the optional the to the headphones the or Warning: the too high, when first the headphones. to high sounds hearing. high headphones.
With Other You of and to to further and such as VCR, DVR, or TV receiver, or photo or other that Optional bass tones input such as or other MP3 to through such as AV amplifier, Surround Sound or other to from or to anything or hear through You following the and from Devices You to that or To from these to white and to and inputs. If both and higher from of including DVD and sound You which included with or purchased from connecting, turned off. With Other
the as shown, the the or and the that with or VCR or DVD or TV or DVR switch With Other VCR or DVD White White switch
or TV or DVR the cords and the Turn switch. Press the or the Press the or the to Turn the to the connected then the To or reduce the aspect ratio of the the the to Normal or the the switch the to the covers. White RCA switch With Other (included with 30s)
the Optional You the optional subwoofer to bass sound and other with the RCA that with the optional subwoofer as shown below. the instructions included with the subwoofer information. the subwoofer. Turn the switches the subwoofer and Turn the of the the sound. or other To the and tones from the and the instructions included with the information. You the or and of other as through With Other RCA (included with the optional switch
From You to such as MP3 player, CD or other turned off. RCA to and to as shown below. CD Turn the switches and and the You the input and the seconds. LEVEL appears Press and the button to LEVEL and increase the You of other as through MP3 White RCA switch With Other
Through You to receiver, Surround Sound or To sound from the to input optional Surround Sound the To about this accessory, to You which with or purchased from the protective from the and the turned off, then the as shown: Turn and or other with sound from You the input and holding the seconds. LEVEL appears Press and the to LEVEL and increase the You to the or Downmix the the Stream/PCM surround sound You of other as through the the and cover. With Other Surround Sound
Connecting or You to or to or or or and hear connecting, turned off. the or as shown. the and the Turn switch. Press the or the Press the or the to Turn the to the connected or Switch the the or to or both and the Usually this function to through choices; instructions. If both the and its to the to instructions. White RCA With Other switch
If the to the connected to the Press the the to this To or reduce the aspect ratio of the the the to Normal or the covers. Wall and Projection Screen To of or optional follow the this section. Wall You easily high white There or involved, and and the to that fits To the further, to the with that specially reflectivity and Projection If or professional These coatings with reflective that brightness, and sharpness as as around the Projection mounting and as below. With Other
Considering Screen and theater DVD HDTV broadcasts, or other contentthe ratio where the the height. DVD and HDTV broadcasts the vertically and The from to inches which and TV broadcasts. Watching DVD or HDTV broadcasts ratio the and and below the usually to (the height as 80-inch such as as Considering Mounting mounted, or mounted. these characteristics as choose which type Screen mounting Characteristics Wall mounted Typically permanently mounted Typically permanently to factors Can locations Can of the mountable Can partially of the as artwork Can of the recessed the and completely Can manually or and Can and around and Usually of inflatable or With Other
Considering and Quality theater white or of high increase the of with light the light and the If theater with walls, and than white usually typical or family with reflected light, and the reflectivity of light projected reflective measured as with as the reflectivity of white board. Highly reflective brighter the enough theater and the appear to from theater with surroundings and lighting, with than where the light or light, to with than to the brightness. With Other
Doing More with Follow the instructions this section to and advanced playback and features. and You CDs and CDs with MP3 or WMA You JPEG CDs. CDs To CD, the then or the You of the playback features, including and to the or track. You using the buttons, as To the buttons, to the switch the to the To off the when Press to the back CDs, the usually off automatically. Doing More with
MP3/WMA and JPEG You MP3 or WMA and JPEG CDs or information the of that supported. that MP3, WMA, and/or JPEG on-screen this displayed: Press to the group. Press to the to the Press to the to the Press to the track. Press or to the selected or finished the the automatically. JPEG to slideshow of the or to To turn off the when To the back You or following the instructions MP3 or WMA through the of the highlight the If includes both and the to the type of to instructions. Doing More with
Advanced advanced features or and selecting titles, or tracks. On that include or easy to these features. Repeating Chapter, Title, or Track You chapter or title DVD to continuously (or You CD. To chapter, title, or track, You the Press to through the options repeating. On DVD, chapter or title. On CD, track, of tracks, or tracks. To the Repeating You the on-screen to the and continuously repeating (A-B Press The on-screen displayed: Press highlighted, then Press and You other from this the previous section information. reach the the or where to reach the the or where to Press to the on-screen The from the location specified. To the repeating This the Doing More with
the You CD or and DVD. the CD or DVD stopped, PRGM the the switch the to the the buttons to the to chapters, titles, or tracks). Press to the switch the back to the To items the To the To playback, repeatedly the to The memory, and and selecting PRGM You CD or and titles DVD. repeatedly RANDOM the the CD or DVD Press to To playback, repeatedly the to when the or switch off the Doing More with
Selecting and allow to or from or If these features the buttons the to them. Press the the To the of the To You choice of To Press the repeatedly to the options Press to the seconds or You the as of Searching You search to (from the of the title), or from the of CD. CD, search from the of the track. This or CDs. Press The on-screen displayed: Press highlighted, then the switch the to the the the buttons. DVD the hours, and seconds. to from hours, and seconds, the buttons this If to then the CDs, the and seconds. Press Doing More with
the switch the back to the To the on-screen The or CD from the location specified. CDs with Playback (PBC) CD with playback (PBC), the following: To the item to the switch the to the then the as To the or or when the displayed. To the playback, repeatedly the displayed. To without the without PBC): the the that to the buttons. the stopped, the track or then To the when back without PBC, or Press to playback, then Doing More with
You access, the sound, the and other of of these through the which the the (when DVD You to from DVD the the You the LANGUAGE Press to highlight and the OTHERS Press to highlight then to Press to highlight of the then to Press to the option then to To to the previous You from the following options COUNTRY CODE Select US SET LEVEL The the the the restriction. If to NONE PASSWORD the switch the to the then the buttons. Press to the Once to the If the three the If Doing More with
the the the to from You the turning and the (You the to of reach.) Warning: allow children to the when turned The bright light that their and the To the then and the the CHILD LOCK appears the the Then off the To and the seconds or the the and To the and UNLOCKED appears the the You the to children from with To the and the the then TRAY LOCK appears the the UNLOCKED appears the To the and You that off the when off To power-saving option, the to from the following A. STBY ON: The switches off SLEEP The switches off You to SLEEP OFF: Doing More with
You the to the that allow to this selection. DVD the the You the LANGUAGE Press to highlight the then to of Press to the then to of To to the the and On-Screen DVD the the Press to highlight and the OTHERS Press to highlight RESUME or ON SCREEN GUIDE then to the ON/OFF selection Press to the then to RESUME: This the playback To from the where to ON (the To playback from the of the chapter, to OFF ON SCREEN GUIDE: This which ON displays the when or other playback Select OFF these to displayed. To to the previous Doing More with
the and To the the buttons the To the sound the to the JVC sound that NATURAL: sound. SMOOTH sound that to the ear. OFF: the JVC sound To the bass, the the back of the optional subwoofer. To the as below. DVD Sound The sound DVD higher than other You this necessary. To the DVD sound the to the DVD LEVEL DVD LEVEL or DVD LEVEL (the highest and To the as below. To the follow these Press the the and the AUDIO Press to highlight Press to highlight the then to the Doing More with
Press to the option then to You choose from the following: DIGITAL AUDIO OUTPUT: the when connected to the STREAM/PCM: or surround sound PCM ONLY: that with Linear PCM Coded Modulation). DOLBY DIGITAL/PCM: or DOWN MIX: Select the from the built-in and headphone DOLBY SURROUND: to with built-in or the built-in or headphones STEREO: to D. RANGE COMPRESSION: Select the the DVD ON: AUTO: selected automatically. To to the previous The and MP3/WMA/JPEG Press the the and the PICTURE Press to highlight Press to highlight the then to the Doing with
Press to the option then to You choose from the following: PICTURE SOURCE AUTO: The recommended FILM: or recorded with VIDEO: without input. SCREEN SAVER: whether to of inactivity. FILE TYPE: Select the to when that includes both MP3/WMA AUDIO and JPEG STILL PICTURE To to the Quality You the the to the brightness, tint, and sharpness of the If or this to the of the Press the the You the following the Press the the item to You the following items and Brightness NTSC Sharpness Corrects the caused or as shown. Doing with
Press or to increase or the The turn off. and Information You the Info the to the of hours the used, and to the You the and high necessary. Press the the You the following the If the than hours, 0H displayed. the the item to You the following items: If using and interference or other the this High If ON. the to the Press or to the Press the to and the quality, You to the appears when To from to Doing More with
the Brightness The the normally when DVD and brighter when it or stopped. To the the to from the following DIMMER OFF: The bright, when DVD DIMMER ON: The when DVD DIMMER AUTO: The when DVD and brighter when or Doing More with
Caring to the clean. You to the to overheating. Warning: of off and the cord. of as this the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this The should the and If another replacing, or servicer Follow the instructions this section to the and and the the and or Protecting The anywhere and its should to heat or sunlight, or of with typical please of to and other factors which to internal the America, Inc. Warranty the of Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears, If necessary, cloth with and the the with
Cleaning the off and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and the cloth as as then the thinner, or other These the cleaners directly Cleaning and the Clean the when builds or when the following The overheating. nothing the and or the If the cleaned they become with This overheating and Turn off the switch and and other office to the as shown. If the or to You purchase V13H134A09) from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Caring
If to the the and off the cover. the and the the cover. the The of the about hours the consistently to Theatre Black and hours other used. instructions the You the as If the shown to the Turn off this when to the of the
Its to the when: The or to The light flashes The the appears the when If to the the the to You purchase V13H010L33) from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca to the Information the Follow these to the Turn off the switch and the cord. If the cool least hour. Warning: the cool If the the to screwdriver the cover release to release the cover. the screws holding the (You cant these screws.) light
the as shown and straight The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Gently the and its screws. Dont the of the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the assembly. To the cover, the and then the cover the cover the to the as the section.
the Press the the You the following the To the the this Press or to Press the to the The displays 0H hours) the least hours. Follow these when the and of the within the recommended the to F to C) and to without the cover. the from the its or (as the following section).
incurred and If to follow these to repairs, the If the of cushioning around the of and that the cover and If from internally or the To that might caused hour If the switch, then hour or hand-carrying the and the cover securely To the covering the as shown below:
This section to lights, and technical What To the Lights The lights top of its and know when If lights off, the connected correctly and the switch turned The light Press the to The On light flashing the to appear. The light flashing cooling the light then turn off the switch (to off or the (to The flashing Press the to to operation.
The warning light flashing High-speed cooling process. If too automatically. least inches from the Clean or the If turn High The warning light flashing or red. The to replaced. The flashing and and the warning light red. too and turned off the least inches from the Clean or the If High cool then back If the and The flashing and and the warning light flashing red. The incorrectly the cover or the Turn off the and the If the or the lights to the back and The flashing and and the light flashing red. with its or and The flashing and and both warning lights flashing red. internal Turn off the then it back If the lights to flash, and
the switch turned If the On light flashing the to appear. If the light flashing cooling the light flashing, then the to turn If the light and flashing, operating normally. the cover off. Press the or the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. Turn off the switch and the securely both If the off the cord, and off of The or turned to when Press the to information about appears the turned (the light and flashing). If the On light flashing to If the light flashing flashing, then the the cover off. The off the the to its Press the or the to the hasnt off temporarily. than or the to the the the DVD
the light. If flashing or red, to the If the The DVD than or scratches. the to the there the DVD. The the switch the to to the buttons, or to to the other of these buttons. within of and within of its front or back (approximately or right, and or below). You to the theyre with the and as shown the of the If might with third-party and Sound The or of the using the the off. There the Clean the as the If from hour If the switch, then hour or the from the than and farther than the Sharpness
If the that You to the to reduce the amount of correction or the to the If the The too light or too Press the the to the the Brightness and The the projected than If the than to, to the The the right. Press the the to the the or If the The the top or to or the causing to become the to the height approximately the top and of the and then the to the You to this and The the or right to the the and then the to the
There sound, or the sound enough. the or and turning the the optional Press the the to the sound hasnt turned off temporarily. and DVD LEVEL selected the highest Press If connected the and white to If using or surround sound the the AUDIO and If MP3 might to the FILE TYPE the PICTURE and There with the sound quality. the sound If or surround sound the the AUDIO and the the the the back of the optional subwoofer. There sound from the optional subwoofer. the to the optional subwoofer to the optional subwoofers switch turned the the front of the optional the appear. The DVD might include the to OFF You cant the DVD. The DVD might include
with appears the the turned Press the button or the Press the or the connected to than You You the the turned connected correctly Press the or the to the Allow seconds to You the supported. Press the the and the The off (too or too Press the the and the aspect The distorted. If using interference the the and The right. Press the the and the Press the the to the the or
Where To these technical services: and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product 30s) Product (located the of of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the If with the optional or optional the information included the with the Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Specifications and Notices This section includes specifications, instructions, and other information about 30s. Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=1.7 to to Brightness to (ANSI) ratio to to inches to Projection to to JVC ratio vertically, aspect ratio Native DVD Unit JVC Direct Scan DTS and DVD DVD-R/RW, CD, CD, CD, MP3 (CD-R/RW), WMA (CD-R/RW), JPEG (CD-R/RW) specifications. to music-only correction to Specifications and Notices
Remote feet AA Battery Projection UHE High Efficiency) ELPLP33/ V13H010L33 hours Theatre hours (Theatre Black selected, and Turn off this when to the of the Height inches inches inches Rated to VAC Rated to F to C) without to F to C) without to RH, to RH, to Specifications and Notices
and United States FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 Compatible Normal aspect aspect aspect TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) Normal aspect aspect aspect SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV Specifications and Notices
Computer Normal aspect aspect aspect VGA SVGA56/60/72/75/85/, XGA60/70/75/85, SXGA60/75/85 MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 that include VGA Specifications MP3, WMA, and JPG that to the following specifications: ISO9660 or that recorded the write [UDF] read.) Half-width English characters only, with or count to Track count to MP3: to WMA: to of to recorded JPEG created and conforming to the DCF JPEG, JPEG, and motion JPEG functions such as supported. Specifications and Notices DNX ICs this
AA GD Scots MK SN Shona AB GL ML SO AF GN MN SQ AM Ameharic GU MO SR AR HA MR Marathi SS AS HI MS (MAY) ST Sesotho AY HR Croatian MT SU AZ HU MY SV Swedish BA HY NA SW BE IA NE TA BG IE Interlingue NL Dutch TE BH IK NO TG BI IN OC TH BN IS OM TI BO JI PA TL BR JW PL Polish TN CA KA Georgian PS TO CO Corsican KK PT TR CS KL QU TS CY KM RM TT DA KN RN TW DZ KO (KOR) RO UK EL KS RU UR EO KU RW UZ ET KY SA VI EU LA SD VO FA LN SG WO Wolof FI LO SH XH Croatian FJ LT SI YO FO LV SK ZU Lettish FY MG SL GA Irish MI SM IW OR TK Specifications and Notices
Information Follow these instructions when and as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service cover the the and covers. the severely The and its from children to of suffocation. the when the turned the bright light children the when Dont the or Also, the or heavy through the or the the or of heat or to or the playback. the with cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the from the outlet cleaning. try to the immediately Doing serious burns. the off the and hour the to cool completely. The and easily If the the with to from and to the the the the of increases. the appears, the with as as The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the The this high and If the to mercury the from or with the or mouth. to the while to or with the the If the and from the or of or the or mouth, or other noticed, immediately the type of indicated the If of the the Specifications and Notices
If the country other than where purchased the that country. the where the easily Dont the where the This or to the Dont the with and the the to or fire. Dont the with Dont outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the from the and servicing to service the following when the or or frayed; the or to or humidity; normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service; or the housing If there the otherwise shock. the when the the of the reach of and If they immediately. the as as they to heat or of to the the of Dont the and the They and the from overheating. Dont the or other or closed-in provided. or the the while from the that might the this Dont the or top of heat-producing or heated such as Dont the of the Doing and to Dont the of the or sunlight of Doing to the there least inches of the and the or other Specifications and Notices
there least inches of the and the or other the with the cover otherwise, the cover and injury. the too high, when headphones. to high sounds hearing. high the WARNING: The included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other with Health FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. Specifications and Notices United States WARNING
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located Airport MS CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-TWD3 Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If service, to the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer as instructed its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The exchanged or or previously refurbished to the of quality, and option, the another of and of the covered the Specifications and Notices
of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers of the or other high and This warranty cover other than as This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or warranty service should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, neglect, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If claimed or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSON'S ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized www.epson.com. To the Customer You the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Specifications and Notices