America or warranties, or implied, or with to this and warranties of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information from the of the information this and to without EPSON of Corporation. EPSON and EPSON Direct service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective The EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc. California, USA DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY IMPORTANT NOTICE COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or near or heat or the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the outlet as specifically this to service the yourself. those that covered the operating instructions. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected Computers
instructions instructions conserver tous type Tout marche-arrt tous tomber
This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to and reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR USERS WARNING FOR CANADlAN USERS
EPSON performance and offers of features Choice of or DX/33, or DX2/50 or SX2/50; DX4/75 or or the and 4MB or 8MB of internal memory, to 64MB and BIOS RAM 8KB of internal cache integrated the and to 256KB of optional cache the board Integrated high-speed, SVGA 512KB to 1MB) or 1MB of on-board memory to (with 1MB of VRAM) the with 1MB of VRAM built-in and built-in bidirectional One built-in PS/2 and built-in PS/2 or 486SX/25 Introduction
option to (four externally and three On-board to IDE and (or and Math integrated the DX, DX2, and clock and board with built-in rechargeable battery the built-in interfaces, of directly to the to option cards. You the option to with such as or interface The RAM allows to the and BIOS the RAM of memory. The SVGA interface the of the rather than the ISA With 512KB of RAM, the SVGA to and to or and non-interlaced). With 1MB of VRAM, to Introduction
this with the United States Protection Agencys which the of computers, and PC the when the and inactive specified of It to If isnt from VGA with VGA and with the integrated interface. With these of the VGA such as higher and text when applications. If these and If to them yourself, the instructions Chapter To applications, the EPSON or the America CompuServe.* Introduction
Optional You easily memory and of options, as and Memory 1MB, 2MB, 4MB, 8MB, 16MB, or 32MB memory to the board, the memory to 64MB. memory CPU Introduction You increase the memory to 1MB, which allows to higher with of including and Chapter information. You increase the cache memory to 64KB, 128KB, or 256KB cache SRAM chips the board, allowing to and performance. to including CD-ROM or
to This You to everything this the following chapter Chapter instructions and turning and off. It the SETUP to Chapter covers operating procedures, the the PC features, and the Chapter to and the cover, and optional such as option and memory Chapter to and Chapter troubleshooting the specifications of At the of this Index, and of U.S. and international locations. Introduction
Where to If purchased the United States or EPSON and service through of Authorized EPSON Customer EPSON services through the EPSON the United States, GO-EPSON. the EPSON the following: Technical with the installation, and operation of EPSON products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Customer Customer Relations EPSON technical information service Product and products. You purchase or EPSON products from EPSON (U.S. only). GO-EPSON locations. technical ready to and its and to the Chapter information. If purchased the United States or EPSON or the location and service. International locations the of this Introduction
If with software the that with that technical information. CompuServe If the to helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON products through the America CompuServe. If currently of CompuServe, free introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: To of this offer, the United States and and other countries, the following U.S. telephone or CompuServe If already CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America introductory CompuServe user ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication. Introduction
Chapter This chapter to It includes the following information: Unpacking the items shown below. the switch Connecting Turning the and off the SETUP
If purchased optional that the computer-such as option cards, memory or should these and instructions. the Selector Switch supply. The supply switch the back You this switch to VAC or VAC. EPSON the with the switch to VAC. This and VAC, and the to to North America, South or If to the the United or South American countries, to the switch to VAC. Doing allows to and VAC, which
To the switch the switch to the right to VAC or to the to VAC. the to the to the the location or seriously switch
Connecting the following to the the back of as the and other Although the and the and they interchangeably. to the the MOUSE or
includes below the option these to the (which or option Connecting the Cord Follow these to the cord: the the the back of the the other of the grounded the of ready to turn the Turning On and to the Instructions the of this the and other connected to the WARNING To shock, to the the the If there protective or
Then the the located the of the front The lights seconds, the its This of the each to everything correctly. If necessary, the to the brightness and easily the characters the
off to and Then the light and the light(s) to they Press the to turn off the and then turn off the and other peripheral follow the instructions below to the SETUP the SETUP to SETUP the first or the information. You to SETUP SETUP or the following: SETUP allows to information about such as type(s), and type or selection of or selection of features performance booting options security and features PC such as the the and the
The SETUP and the factory the ROM BIOS (read-only memory, input/output The information of memory CMOS RAM. This memory backed battery, when off or the the SETUP these the following <F2> to SETUP SETUP, this Press F2 to SETUP. This the seconds. If the and If the hear and this Press <F1> to <F2> to Press F2 to SETUP. SETUP displays the From this the options to and then to CMOS. If and the ROM or the previously CMOS.
The below the to SETUP operations. SETUP function Selection the option or SETUP, the of the the to Function the to the or pervious option the to the top or of the F1 or the option currently selected F5 or Selects the F6 or or Selects the F9 the factory the SETUP options the F10 the or to the previous
The Option From the the options below. the and The clock continuously the and when the off. Once the and should to them, the or (The the years.) the type The option allows to the type of If connected to the built-in VGA EGA/VGA If connected that VGA to the CGA or the option. the onboard VGA J14 and J15 to the Chapter instructions.) Checking memory the BIOS the memory automatically. You the memory the Memory and Memory this SETUP You these they what them to that the SIMM(s) securely seated their Chapter to the SIMM
the type(s) On the 3.5-inch high-density You another of or capacity; this B. the both and them necessary. The Option The options the screen the of From this or with Press Enterwhenthe Autotype option highlighted. The the type of and the the If or the If when the Autotype option highlighted and the match to included the If to type or the the section instructions to type. type If the match the the or to with other than the type. of and their
To type, follow these the to and the each field that SETUP, The Advanced Option this option from the the Advanced which the options below. the Advanced options To should the these connected or to to Advanced chipset the operation of the to PS2 bidirectional operation). information. memory The Memory options or manually them. If cache, cache memory performance, and If choose to the cache memory (rather than the the write and burst and non-cacheable of memory. to the these features.
memory The the Memory options or manually them. You or of and memory and the of ROM this RAM than ROM. The options this allow to the of its and/or ROM RAM. operations increase performance. the performance, the and the options to Enabled. If the ROM located these to the chipset The Advanced Chipset options or manually the the chipset these correctly increases performance; them incorrectly to malfunction or to the option to Enabled to the these options to connected or to should to the option to PS2 bidirectional operation). The the AT operation).
the from the the which the options below. Selecting the The option the which the the when the operating If A: then C:, each the first to the operating from A. If operating the from C. If C then the to the operating from C first. If C operating the to from A. If C only, the to the operating from C only. the option If the option to C: only, the option the to the the option the to the the-SETUP The SETUP POST option allows to the <F2> to SETUP that You to this to unauthorized from the SETUP when the however, SETUP F2 within the allowed amount of
The POST option allows to the and the <F1> to <F2> to that when the If this option, the and as normally would. Its to this option the summary the summary option, the summary that when the If this option, You the selecting the summary option from the The Security and the Security and option from the the Security and which the options below. or You both and this If the than to and others to to the instance, to to the or the protection features.
If the option, the or each the If this option the each the SETUP If both and SETUP displays options the users who with To first Follow these to or Select the Option and You the to then You of to characters. the and You that Press the The option to Enabled. To the option and follow the To follow these the Option to Disabled. the both the field and the field. Dont type characters these Then the the
You the SETUP allow to the If Chapter the protection features Several options the Security and allow to protection features. The Access Option allows to to based the This unauthorized from the and possibly introducing to You and the Option. If this option, the the when who the with however, when or to the If the Access option, the whether the or when the To access, the option. If the option whenever to
You selecting the sector option. this option the displays when to write to the sector of To (such as the MS-DOS option. options this allow to the to whether scheduled or You these or them or Monthly. If that these however, the normally. the PC The PC options allow to the features of this The options the PC allow to the or timeout to the and low-energy The Inactivity option the to the or inactive the to If because isnt from that when FORMAT command) the write
If the as as the Inactivity option, the input the specified of to active This allows to to also. The Timerout option the time-out The when the and inactive the of indicated. Also, the caused the to active If to the Timeout option. The Summary Option the Summary option from the the SETUP displays summary of the This the You choose to the this information this option.
Exiting SETUP SETUP, or SETUP without You to the factory To SETUP, SC from SETUP From the the following: ROM from CMOS the to CMOS. to CMOS Procedures SETUP the first to the operating operating instructions. Once operating software to instructions. Loads the factory ROM back CMOS. If and then the ROM to the and the CMOS SETUP This SETUP.
You to the optional of (If these already The README and instructions and the To the A, the following, and To the to type the following and the commands to or the README o If to Microsoft the A: \README A: \READMEP
Chapter This chapter the following operations: Comfortably This section creating Working comfortably command or the the PC the hips, and and wrists as to as often and stretch, and around. back. with as
If the as This reduces and strain. Also, closing them or focusing the with Too force creates Also, enough to the or other freely. lighting that isnt too bright. to bright light of of when the directly front of and about from The top of the should slightly below the the that light reflected from the Command or You to or while If MS-DOS or command that to of the following: Press Press Ctrl C Press Ctrl If these to the as below. off the to or to, the
the Occasionally, to clear the memory without turning off. You this the and the to to operating and memory that necessary. the to and when them normally. If the without properly exiting or or off the while light You to off the To the Ctrl The screen displays nothing and then the operating You the RESET located the front of If the the to it off and from the Turn off the and seconds. If the A. Then the
purchasing this of users concerned about conserving to If and them off when them. softwares option something. to catch formatting them to If to rather than Not this and whenever PC the the or both when the or inactive the SETUP. Chapter information these the light flashes and Press or the to activity. If the to active hear It or to reach its operating and or write to the The light when the the
the or The to with such as those that to disk-the that the protection-in the operating the SPEED light the front the operating the light off. You should everything because and the software to this the You the temporarily of the following commands from the The or off. Also, the caused the to active If to the the To Ctrl (Press the the To Ctrl
You the commands while the of these commands another function, to the
Chapter and Removing You the performance of optional such as memory option cards, memory, cache memory, or This chapter first to cover to options and to the when finished. It then the following: Once option, Post-installation Procedures Locating the internal the and memory and option memory cache memory the options or with the turned or the to the and
the You to the cover to of the options this chapter or to or Chapter Follow these to the cover: Turn off the and then the from the outlet and from the back that to the including the Turn the around the back facing the screws the cover to the back as shown below. and Removing
the of the cover and straight back, clears the the cover to the touching the of the back WARNING to ground touching the back of the the cover. If properly grounded, shock that when and
the ready to the cover, follow these the internal properly. those that might of the they catch the cover. the cover the front of the cover fits the front and the the the cover screws. the to the and other peripheral Then the to the back of the and to and Removing
Locating the follow the instructions this chapter, to the following to the board. and Removing Option
the The the functions and the factory to however, the information the following to their necessary. (The the the to others service only.) Function JA LPT JB** HDC JC COMA JD COMB JE** J4 J5 J6 J7 J8 J10 J17*** MM or MM or of these (486SX/33. 486DX/33, 486DX2/66, DX4/100 and 486DX/50 and Removing LPT HDC ODE COMA COMB HDC HDC (IDE (J1) (J1) Assigns the as Assigns the as LPT2 Assigns as COM1 Assigns as COM3 Assigns as COM2 Assigns as COM4 the the VGA VGA DX/40 or or of these (486SX/25, 486DX2/50. DX4/75. and SX2/50)
(Continued) Function J30 Selects Selects the Factory JB and JE to the to or the the type of factory-installed type type J11* J13* 486DX. 484DX2. or DX4 486SX 487SX or SX2/50 or (I) J31 J33 and or and 5-6and7-8 To the of The of J33 VGA Function built-h VGA built-in VGA CMOS memory (this the SETUP to their factory the type of factory-installed J14 J15 On* On* and
To the built-in VGA cache J23 J24 J25 J26 off 64KB 128KB 256KB If cache, the of these the If to follow these to the to the If the to option to the to the and
Also, to the internal to the (If there mounted this to first; Chapter instructions.) the four screws that the to the back of the as shown below. the its that the and the the board easy to reach. or to the off its and to the or from the the internal necessary. option to the or surrounding the board. and
Memory with 4MB or 8MB of memory memory memory increase the amount of memory to 64MB. There SIMM the board, and each SIMM. You 1MB, 2MB, 4MB, 8MB, 16MB, and 32MB The following shows the SIMM memory other The the board the and where should SIMM and Removing
SIMM (Continued) memory 32MB 32MB 32MB 1MB 33MB 32MB 2MB 34MB 32MB 36MB 4MB 32MB 8MB 40MB 32MB 48MB 16MB 64MB 32MB 32MB the following to that they properly: 16MB 16MB 1MB 16MB 17MB 2MB 18MB 16MB 16MB 20MB 4MB 16MB 8MB 24MB 16MB 16MB 32MB 16MB 32MB 48MB tin-plated, or that of or the the the SIMM to the amount of memory the SIMM exactly the the If to the EPSON and and Removing options
Follow these to to the to the SIMM Turn the around the back facing the four screws the internal to the back Then the of the and it the its that the board and the easy to reach. the first SIMM the first the as shown the The the SIMM should the supply. and
the SIMM the seated the Then upright, as shown below, the each of the SIMM the each of the SIMM If smoothly, force the and try and
and the other SIMM, necessary. the internal and to the back with the four screws from the back of the If to from (to ones, follow the below: the internal as the its or screwdriver to the that the SIMM each as shown below. the the SIMM to the from the and Removing
If necessary, follow the to the other SIMM. the internal and to the back with the four screws from the back of the Option Card This section to option ISA option that of the A. option cards, these the and the which to that touching or other or the option of the the or the it top of its with the facing the the the switches or necessary. the instructions that with the Also, to the board. to the built-in VGA information and Removing
Follow these to option the screw the option cover to the as shown below. the screw to the option to the the cover and the option and
the the top and the as shown below. (If the front of the the the front the of the to the with the screw. Once the reach the the to You should If the smoothly, force the and try and Removing
Removing Option Card You to option to the board-to You to to the as follow these the screw the option to the Then the straight of the the with the facing If another option the the option and screw. Memory with 512KB or 1MB of memory. If 512KB, increase memory to 1MB four DRAM DIP chips. The 256KB that the memory to properly, each RAM the board. Additional memory graphics- or to information and each amount of memory. and Removing
The below the DRAM DIP that DRAM DIP NMBS that memory exactly the shown If to memory chips, the EPSON and the memory the board, shown If there option instructions. the memory from their and inspect each The should slightly than If of the this or to them with the other the and off easily. To electricity and the memory chips, ground touching the the of the back Then as stationary as while them. GM71 C256A-70/80 MB81 C256A-70/80 AAA1M204P-70/50 TC514256AP-7/8 KM44C256BP-7/8 and
Position of the memory chips the as shown below, the the with the the the notch the of the with the notch the Gently the the (to correctly If the smoothly, and the properly positioned, both to well-seated. through each of the chips. option instructions. and
You 64KB, 128KB, or 256KB of cache The below the cache SRAM DIP that SRAM DIP UMC (8K UMC164K-20 (8K CY78165-15 (32K TC5532K-20 UMC (32K UM61256AK-15/20 W24257AK-15 AA88128AK-20 (32K the cache memory to properly, the following (each four memory memory 128KB To 64KB of cache, SRAM, 8K DIP chips, and 8K To 128KB of cache, four SRAM, 32K DIP chips, and 8K To 256KB of cache, SRAM, 32K DIP chips, and 32K SRAM U23 U26 U30 U33 U34 cache 64KB 256KB (32K KM68257BP-15/20 (32K PDM1256S-20 Micron (32K MT502568-20 NKK (32K N341256P-20 and Removing options
that cache memory exactly the shown If to cache memory, the EPSON and the Chips Follow these to the cache chips: the cache memory the board, shown If there option instructions. the cache from their and inspect them. The should slightly than If of the or crooked, straighten them with or with to them with the other when this; the and off easily. and To electricity and the cache chips, ground touching the the of the back Then as stationary as while them.
of the the first as shown below, the the with the the the notch the of the with the notch the Gently the the (to correctly If the and the properly positioned, both to well-seated. through each of the chips. J23, J24, J25, and J26, as to match to the amount of cache option SETUP to the option and that the and options You these options from the Memory and Memory Shadowoptions the Advanced as SETUP. Chapter and Removing
the displays the amount of the the You the with The following the to the 486SX/33 or 486DX/33 486DX/40 486DX/50 or 486DX2/50 or or or 486DX2/66 SX2/50 DX4/75 or DX4/100 or Heat Corp Heat assembly** heat DX and DX2 the DX/33) and the SX2/50 heat and assembly DX, DX2, and and the and DX4 the DX/33, which assembly that exactly the shown If to the EPSON and and
the Chip Follow these to the the to the the board. The ZIF Insertion Force) ground touching the the of the back the Then as stationary as while the the the the of its If there option the instructions. the ZIF the ZIF The Press the and from the then the upward. This releases the from the The the shows this the released Gently the straight and The 486SX/25 board that seated the the board as the from its and inspect the If they the and
the the the notched of the with with the as shown below. the the directly the the Then the straight the If rather than of around the of the The the of the the ZIF back to the closed and Removing If the the orientation, the and warranty.
the of J11 and J13 to they the type of You to the of J17 to match the type and operating If to DX/40, DX/50, DX2, DX4, SX2, or heat and/or the of the information. Follow the instructions included with the heat to If the heat with the instructions that with the heat and option SETUP as Chapter to with the Post-installation Procedures or SETUP to the Chapter instructions. Additionally, to commands to operating and the that with optional If with the to the of J31 and J33. and information these and
Chapter and Removing This chapter to and optional You these instructions to of including CD-ROM, and Although from the illustrated should to the to as the below. type and externally 5,25-inch, half-height or 525-inch. full-height and S-inch, half-height One front internal One 3,5-inch. half-height or third-height internal 3.5-inch, half-height or third-height, or 3.5-inch, full-height The to (or and and to IDE If than four option such as SCSI the and Removing
To or first the cover as Chapter Then option to the Once the option Chapter instructions. Follow the instructions this chapter to and mounting the front internal from the front internal from from the internal to the the If as the (which the operating and the other as the of high-capacity EPSON included A. Also, to know the of heads, sectors, the SETUP to correctly The the SETUP included A. If or information, the that with or the and Removing the internal post-installation
Mounting If 3-inch and there mounting attached to the them the Follow these On there and grounding attached to of the mounting If the screws them to the mounting and the and grounding Then the screws each mounting to the and the and
the already the front internal If half-height, 35-inch this Follow these to the the its and the back of the and its board the the the front internal as shown below. the both of the with the the Then the to the with the four screws each that with and
If already IDE to the the board, as shown below. If first IDE to the to the board. the shown below; the with The board and the other and
the board that the of the with the to the and the board. the the the the then the the of the that The or the casing or the board to the of the cornnector containing If the appear the the and to the board. and If correctly the with the board when the
the the the with the of the containing the the the then the of the that from the supply. (They wires and the the notched of the supply and the then the The supply and three If another which allows to from accessory and
If finished or the cover Chapter and instructions. Removing From the Follow these to from the front internal the and from the back of the and Removing
the four screws the to the There screws each of the the the back of the If IDE the from its the board. If finished or the cover Chapter and instructions. and Removing
Follow these to internal or externally externally the from the to through the back of the and the cover the front of the the its and the back of the and Removing
the the front of the and to the the four screws each that with the the to the If IDE instructions the to the necessary) and the If or the the If header to of the with the of the containing the wire. If card-edge the the with the the If another type of the that with instructions connecting its and Removing
of the supply that from the supply. (They and the the notched of the and the then the If finished or the cover and instructions. and Removing
From Follow these to from externally the and from the back of the and
the four screws each the to the Then the through the front of the If externally the to cover that the the the the cover and
If IDE to the from its the board. If finished or the cover and post-installation instructions. the Rear You the rear internal to to half-height The this section the with its facing with its facing Follow these to the internal If already the rear the and supply from the back of the the from the If first IDE to the to the board; the instructions and
the four screws the internal to the back Then the of the the as shown the Position the that its and the of the as shown below. Then the the the and with the four screws that with the and Removing
the the as shown below and to the back with the four screws from the back of the To the to the the internal first each The or the casing or the board to the of the containing If the appear the the and to the board. and
the the the with the the the the then the supply each the These from the supply and wires with the the notched of the supply with the then the If finished or the Chapter and post-installation instructions. and
Removing From the Rear Follow these to from the internal the and from the back of each the internal If only IDE the from its the board. and
the four screws the to the back Then the of the the four screws the to the and the of the and
the the as shown below and to the back with the four screws If there another the internal follow the instructions to the and to the finished or the cover Chapter and the section instructions. Post-installation Procedures or and the cover to SETUP to Chapter instructions. and
Chapter Troubleshooting If as and to this chapter. You repeating software or the The troubleshooting this chapter such as The Within each with If the the Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON Where to the Introduction of this instructions. technical ready to the of its BIOS its (including the type of and option cards), and the and of software Troubleshooting
these to information about the back of the to the the BIOS BIOS the MS-DOS Software CONFIG.SYS: AUTOEXEC.BAT: Troubleshooting SETUP and the Summary option to At the MS-DOS type VER and to the MS-DOS About from the software usually displays the Also, software At the MS-DOS type TYPE C: \CONFIG .SYS and to of CONFIG.SYS which commands. At the MS-DOS type TYPE C:\AUTOEXEC.BAT and to of AUTOEXEC.BAT which commands.
The Not The light the the options SETUP to A. Then bootable and the If off the least seconds turning back This to the computer's The and the light the securely connected to both the AC the back and The connected, the the outlet Turn off and the cord. the and You or and to reconnected the internal and correctly. You option that the the A. Troubleshooting
You SIMM incorrectly. If the memory, that SIMM(s) securely their If the the correctly. the correctly and the connected with the board. Chapter The Not The reasonable of Ctrl If that the RESET You with incorrect the Chapter over-heated. heat necessary. information. You the respond. turning the off, seconds, and it operating. You the supply. option the option card(s). Then to the option Troubleshooting
The displays when of the the securelyconnected to the connected and the Although these they interchangeably. Nothing when type the The SETUP. This option inactivates the specified of the to active from This the they to to active seconds and "The Not Respond, The the Properly. If the light the right of the to off the function. isnt properly or the securely connected to the MOUSE and the (K/B) the correctly necessary). the that with instructions. when the Troubleshooting
There the that the switch and that its light Also, the or the the The light the Press or the to the Also, the and If the the securely connected to the If type matches the type. the type SETUP Chapter and that the board correctly Chapter If to the the type of and using the and software. The switch the light If the Press or the to the Turn off the seconds, and turn back Troubleshooting
If the light the outlet Turn off and it from the Then the outlet and turn If the light faulty. You the the If the latch, to the Also, to that the right type of the highdensity If the the the another of the type. If the The the right type, that the write-protected, the from writing to the the operating instructions formatting The the Access option SETUP If when the this option to when the You copying the from the to Troubleshooting
Something with the the If MS-DOS, CHKDSK to the You to or to this properly. the correctly and the You when the SETUP and the type of The or Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON C o o properly or its performance what the correctly and Also, the the You to these features SETUP. Troubleshooting
You when SETUP and that the type. If and SETUP displays information that match to type. Chapter the the correctly. JB and JE or the IDE Chapter information. the the correctly. the that with the information. You to the If the the to its operating to write to If and correctly operating operating instructions. Also, physically the physically the factory.) If physically the that with the to or the operating that physical from software-based formatting commands, such as the MS-DOS FORMAT command.) Troubleshooting
You reduction performance. The the become and compaction to the If or read/write the physical Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON You You CMOS memory. To this, to the of J30 to the J30, seconds, then off This the SETUP to their factory Both the and the J30 back to Then the SETUP to Troubleshooting
Software The that following the the and that correctly. If the the If software The reading You that the Chapter The reading from of writing to the If the Timeout option SETUP, the when the to its operating this option SETUP Chapter the to commands. the and If the off, seconds, then software, OS/2, of 8MB to 16MB of RAM to correctly. software the memory If necessary, memory the instructions Chapter UNIX, or NetWare, Troubleshooting
The or that the or and properly connected to the If than and the and secondary (COM1 and COM2) If connected or to the the bidirectional operation (PS/2 the SETUP as and The information the the DIP switch or Also, the and selected the within software Option Card option correctly. the option correctly and well-seated its SETUP to the and procedures software using with the the that with the option to DIP switches or the The that the option to properly. information. Troubleshooting
to the to the reducing the Chapter option that the A. the option touching other the isnt touching the CPU or or heat attached to the CPU. If or heat attached to the CPU, option the lowest option connected to the option correctly. using the to securelyconnect the to the Memory The memory count the incorrect. You the incorrectly. They the type or or they the Chapter information If gold-plated SIMM the the slightly. the SIMM and the gold-plated then the SIMM. Troubleshooting
You the of the I/O when The indicated board faulty. If option with that with and the the to the built-in You then to to haveit serviced. The amount of cache the incorrect. You the cache incorrectly. They the type, or they the Also, the Also, the SETUP or the to the cache. the cache option to and both the and the options to Enabled. You these options from the Memory and Memory options the Advanced Chapter instructions the or information cache; Chapter instructions the SETUP Troubleshooting
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU PC or 486SX, DX, or DX2 to including the SX2/50, DX4/75 or or than the and the the to the SETUP and the of and selection through commands ISA operates the of DX2/50 and DX2/66 internally and and externally and respectively; DX2 and respectively Specifications A-1
Memory 4MB or 8MB RAM SIMM; to 64MB 1MB, 2MB, 4MB, 8MB, 16MB, and 32MB tin-plated, or type with of or ROM RAM RAM Supports of and BIOS ROM RAM Memory relocation Math Clock/ A-2 Specifications 128KB and SETUP located EPROM 512KB or 1MB DRAM board; to 1MB using four, 256KB DIP Supports relocation of 256KB of memory from to and to to memory 8KB of internal cache; 64KB, 128KB, or 256KB of cache using 8K or 32K DIP Math built the DX, DX2, and to clock the 82C491 with of CMOS RAM backed integrated BIOS, BIOS,
to or and IDE interface to IDE with built-in BIOS function Interfaces VGA interface or built board; monitors; D-shell One bidirectional interface built board; D-shell operation SETUP option RS-232C, interfaces built board; D-shell PS/2 interface built board; DIN GD5426 high-speed SVGA to (with 1MB of VRAM); (with 1MB of VRAM) Specifications
Option 3.5-inch 720KB or 1.44MB Specifications PS/2 interface built board; DIN I/O ISA DX/50, DX2, or of the CPU heat assembly header board; back mounts Three 3-inch third-height or three 3-inch half-height or full-height and third- or half-height Externally mounts 3-inch third-height and 5-inch half-height 5.25-inch 360KB or 1.2MB capacity Combination 3.5-inch/5.25-inch
3-inch third-, half-, or full-height Other Half-height CD-ROM, or other 5-inch or 3-inch with mounting two-position or typewriter function two-button, PS/2 SETUP ROM; pressing F2 security protection and or protection the sector; A-5 Specifications
Physical Characteristics Option Amps Amps Based containing and A-6 Specifications inches inches inches with without UL/TUV/CSA listed, fan-cooled to VAC or to VAC; switch-selectable VAC and VAC input VDC Amps, VDC VDC Amps, VDC to to board; to
and Colors Condition to to to (non-condensing) to to to to to to Memory 512KB 32K/64K 1MB 16.8M 1MB Color) 512KB 1MB 32K/64K 512KB 1MB 1MB Non-operating to to to to C) to C) to C) Specifications
This with with the the Autotype option SETUP, the the type of and the information the following Heads (MB) CP30084E CP30104H ST3123A CP30174E CP30174 ST3243A ST3390A ST3655A AC1170 AC2250 AC2340 AC1210 CFS210A ELS127A ELS170A LPS240A CP30254 CP30344 A-8 Specifications Sectors/
Sectors/ Heads (MB) CFA540A CFS420A 7131A 7245A 7345A slightly than this A-9
Option Information options high-capacity, IDE Formatted capacity(MB) height Heads Sectors (RPM) (KB) RLL Encoding RLL RLL RLL RLL RLL RLL RLL RLL RLL RLL RLL -Heads Sectors Select or the If neither of these options the A-10 Specifications
IDE CP30084E C/D C/D C/D, CSP CP30104H C/D CP30174E C/D C/D CP30254 C/D C/D CP30344 C/D C/D CFS420A C/D CD CFA540A C/D C/D DS, SP or ELS170AT DS LPS240AT DS SP and DS MA SL AC1170 SL MA AC2250 SL MA AC2340 from EPSON options this from EPSON, including the following: location information about CS selection) CS used, the grounded and grounded. Keyboards software DS Specifications A-11
Tested Although software the following operating tested with Microsoft MS-DOS and NetWare and NetWare IBM OS/2 SCO SCO Microsoft and Microsoft WorkGroups Microsoft NT NetWare tested and as workstation and become these tested. DMA Assignments DMA0 DMA1 DMA2 DMA3 DMA4 DMA5 DMA6 DMA7 Specifications DR DOS UNIX DMA
IRQ Function IRQ0 IRQ1 IRQ2 from IRQ IRQ3 IRQ4 IRQ6 FDD IRQ10 IRQ5 IRQ7 IRQ8 clock IRQ9 IRQ11 IRQ12 PS/2 IRQ13 Math IRQ14 HDD IRQ15 A-13 Specifications
Memory Memory 640KB memory to to 128KB memory 32KB ROM BIOS to 0C7FFFh to to to memory FE0000h to 128KB of ROM from to I/O 01F DMA 03F Chip 038B, 03V AD12 chipset 05F 06F 07F 09F 0A0 0BF 0C0 0DF DMA 0F0 Clear math 0F1 math 0F8 0FF Math 1F0 1F8 27F 2DF graphics A-14 Specifications NMI DMA 74LS612 2,8259A I/O 32KB ROM BIOS 128KB ROM BIOS
I/O 2E1 GPIB 2E2, 2E3 2F8-2FF 31F PC 36B PC (high 37F 38F 3A0 -3AF 3B0 3BF 3CO 3CF graphics 3D0 3DF 3F0 3F7 3F8 3FF 6E2 6E3 AE2. AE3 B90 B93 EE2. EE3 22E1 GPIB 42E1 63E1 82E1 A2E1 C2E1 E2E1 SDLC, SDLC. bisynchronour and Enhanced graphics GPIB GPIB GPIB GPIB GPIB GPIB A-15 Specifications
Connector Assignments assignments (CN5) ACK BUSY around ground PE Select AFD* selection* ground Active assignments (CN7 and CN6) ready to Clear to ready A-16 Specifications ground ground ground ground ground
AUTOEXEC.BAT FILE batch that MS-DOS each or the This commands that the what to each BIOS ROM that the input/output of the operating high-speed memory that where includes 8KB of internal cache the and to 256KB of cache the board. CONFIG.SYS that MS-DOS each or the You this to and buffers, and specifying MS-DOS commands to CPU Processing Unit. The integrated integrating instructions, and input and operations.
that of the of include expanded memory and IDE Integrated type of interface which the the instead of includes interface the board to IDE ISA Industry Architecture. The or IBM computers. that board. the operation of function. internal of wires that information from the directly to the the increased performance. Memory board, commonly SIMM memory that surface-mounted memory chips. You memory to the board to memory.
CPU. of of which the that each character of testing the every it RAM Access Memory. The of the memory that and temporarily while ROM. clock battery-powered clock the that of the and when the Memory. The of the memory that instructions and RAM, ROM its off the RAM. RS232C interface. The that to
of of which the that each character RAM The function that the BIOS and BIOS from ROM RAM to performance. SIMM Memory VGA Graphics high-resolution To from write-protected, or its