Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The and include these features: Bright, high-resolution to of brightness light and of white (white light light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO to inches or 3D Active 3D with RF active Supports top-and-bottom, and 3D connectivity HDMI or One MHL High-definition Link)-compatible HDMI high-quality and from and smartphones and and Wireless and PC shows connected USB memory
Additional Optional and CD topic: to the to the following You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI You purchase from or authorized To HDMI MHL, MHL or HDMI and MHL with Devices with MHL To and 3D HDMI and active 3D You purchase them from or authorized If 3D that 3D playback. or purchase information. To with from with or purchase information. To sound, or with and the to to the and the or purchase information. topic: Related Optional and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or offers the following optional and
Warranty and Information Option or (ELPLP88) V13H010L88 (ELPAF32) V13H134A32 RF 3D (ELPGS03) V12H548006 mount ELPMBPJG ELPSC80 ES1000 V12H002S4Y ES3000 V12H002S3Y VGA/SVGA F3H982-06 VGA/SVGA F3H982-10 VGA/SVGA F3H982-25 HDMI AV22300-03 HDMI AV22300-06 HDMI AV22300-12 Remote to the and 2-year service topic: with warranty that with the warranty that with offers free Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service using the CD or this epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic:
Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations Follow the these as to to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to using where to (U.S) or and to technical hours instructions the Network Projection If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related Where to the to learn about the Rear Remote topic: Introduction to
Rear foot security cover Remote foot Foot
Rear A/V cover) A/V cover topic: Locations USB Service PC (VGA) HDMI MHL HDMI Remote AC input
topic: Locations foot Rear Security Mounting topic: Locations
WLAN light light button/light (displays the (selects options) buttons and arrow buttons buttons, buttons and arrow buttons Source through the of light
Remote light Mirroring light topic: Locations
Source buttons HDMI (displays the HDMI (displays the of the connected and buttons playback and other of that the HDMI CEC Arrow buttons through on-screen (selects 2D/3D 2D and 3D 3D Format the 3D Slideshow to the connected to the USB the and of the off sound only) buttons (selects selected to Memory the Memory the A/V off and sound) (displays the (displays topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the Remote the You the to You the mount to location. these considerations as location: the or using mount. of around and the and top of or to that the the within reach of grounded outlet or cord. and Projection topic: the Related the the You or the following
Rear
Projection Rear Wherever the to front of the of the If from the or from the rear, to the Projection option the topic: Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other
the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or You the Throw (U.S.) or Aspect Ratio or Screen or inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches Aspect Ratio or to to to to to
or Projection inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches inches to Aspect Ratio or Screen or Projection inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches topic: to to to to to to to to to to
Connecting to Sources You the to of and to or other with or without sound. such as DVD players, streaming smartphones, and with To smartphone or to that allows to to the This allows to smartphone or and options. sound, input necessary. type of that or HDMI shows without or USB such as or If the High to the properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to Connecting to USB Devices topic: the Related Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to MHL-Compatible Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic:
Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to If HDMI to the using optional HDMI The HDMI the the HDMI to HDMI the other to of the HDMI The the from the internal or connecting to that the HDMI CEC connected to the HDMI the to features of the the HDMI the and HDMI to On topic: Connecting to Sources Related Related Connecting to If smartphone or to the MHL or HDMI with MHL If with built-in MHL directly the HDMI 1/MHL connected charge when MHL the MHL or to
Connecting to Source If MHL to HDMI the other of the to the HDMI 1/MHL The the from the internal or to topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to If to the optional or A/V the with the to the other to the If seconds to appear when switch to the input To reduce the to
Connecting to Source Sound Connecting to Sources commands, to of or higher. instructions. topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound You sound through the the to the RCA If connected to the HDMI or MHL the with the sound. the to the other of the to the or To sound, and to receiver, then the to the using of the receiver's HDMI the You to that its You externally or headphones to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to VGA
Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to Sound topic: You the to VGA To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the VGA Apple options. If necessary, the VGA to the other to PC the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Computer Sources Related Connecting to Sound If HDMI to the optional HDMI To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple options. and through the HDMI the HDMI to HDMI
Connecting to Sound Connecting to the other to of the HDMI The the from the internal or to topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to If includes sound and the HDMI sound through the optional (with and RCA the to headphone or or or the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources To the sound from the to self-powered You the using the
Connecting to USB Devices USB You the to with The built-in when or connected to the with both and as necessary. the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary. the of the to topic: Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Projection Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the topic: You and other without or connecting of these to USB or smartphone USB
Connecting USB or to the USB memory or smartphones USB-mounted and USB Class-compliant. USB these USB USB Class supported) Formatted FAT or FAT32 their own AC (bus-powered recommended) You shows from USB or memory topic: Connecting to USB Related topics You USB or to the USB and to and other If USB with the the USB (or USB or USB memory to the USB USB or USB than or the correctly.
Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the the the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics Projecting You switch the to the connected to the USB the connected USB turned necessary. Press the Slideshow the Press the to through other USB topic: Connecting to USB Devices with connected USB or to the from the If the off and the the USB or from the topic: Connecting to USB Devices The the AA that with the the type of specified this of types, or and batteries.
the cover. the with the and facing as shown.
the the and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the To the cover, the A/V clicks the
topic: the
Wireless Network Projection Selecting Network Manually You to through wireless You the to wireless the manually the Network the the software. You the software and from the the following software and to and wireless Network Projection software wireless to (U.S.) or and from or with the wireless LAN and iProjection (U.S.) or information Selecting Wireless Network Manually Searching Wireless Network Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Network OS Network Security Wireless Network Projection from Mirroring) from wireless the the using its Turn the Press the button.
Select the and the LAN option to On Network and Select the and
Select the following basic options as necessary: to characters to the the Remote to characters the the EPSONWEB LAN Info the displays information. You option to QR that or the iProjection the displayed to the and Press the arrow the to highlight characters and to them. Select the Wireless LAN and Select the the Wireless LAN as items or Advanced selected. selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the the wireless to the wireless or or
Wireless LAN Wireless LAN topic: Network Projection Selects the type of wireless Advanced selects the the wireless SSID to the SSID of Search Access the IP DHCP On or Selects DHCP assigns automatically, IP or off DHCP SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the LAN characters the wireless LAN the recommended) to the IP and Gateway as to smartphone, or Advanced to wireless currently connected where security
Searching Wireless Network IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Wireless Network Manually You function to and to wireless Turn the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and
Select the Wireless LAN and Select Advanced as the and Select Search Access and Select the of the wireless to to and If the network security the wireless
Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Network OS You this: Select the the security as selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Network Projection connecting to the the wireless To wireless software, the and the the of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. Click topic: Network connecting to the the wireless OS X.
Wireless Network Security Click the the the top of the then of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. topic: Network Projection You security to the wireless of the following security options to match the WPA/WPA2-PSK security (Advanced WPA2-PSK security with the information. Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the Security and Select the security
Wireless Security Wireless Network Projection from Mirroring) selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Wireless Security topic: Network Projection Related Network Network the Security the type of security and that match the connecting the to. Security WPA2-PSK and WPA Selects the type of security Passphrase from to Selects the topic: Wireless Network Security You to from such as smartphones, and using or and If or to software. Mirroring Restrictions Selecting Mirroring Connecting Mirroring Connecting Mirroring Connecting Screen Mirroring Connecting Mirroring with topic: Wireless Network the wireless characters the
Screen Mirroring Restrictions Selecting Mirroring the following when Mirroring features: You with than You with and fps. You 3D features supported. The features supported. You to with copyright protection with topic: Wireless Network from Mirroring) You Mirroring and then from Press the Select the Network and the Screen Mirroring to On
Connecting Mirroring Select Mirroring and Select these Mirroring as necessary: to characters to the from of Quality the speed/quality. Select to the and to increase the selecting and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Wireless Network Projection from Mirroring) You wireless from the Devices Select the Mirroring as necessary. Press the LAN the to switch to the Mirroring You the Screen Mirroring Select Apps Select Devices Select Connected Devices Click
Connecting Mirroring You of Select from the If the PIN or the PIN the Mirroring or the right of the and Next The the from or It to establish the the while to This to or malfunction. topic: Wireless Network Projection from Mirroring) Related Selecting Mirroring You wireless from the Devices Select the Mirroring as necessary. Press the LAN the to switch to the Mirroring You the Mirroring On to the Apps PC Select PC and
Connecting Mirroring Select Devices Click You of Select from the If the PIN or the PIN the Mirroring or the right of the and Next The displays the from or It to the the while connecting to This to or malfunction. topic: Wireless Network Projection from Mirroring) Related Selecting Screen Mirroring If or the software to to the wirelessly and and the Screen Mirroring as necessary. Press the LAN the to switch to the Mirroring You the Screen Mirroring
Connecting Mirroring with On or the software. You of Select from the If the PIN or the PIN displayed the Mirroring or the right of the The displays the from It to establish the the while to This to or malfunction. topic: Wireless Network Projection from Mirroring) Related Selecting Screen Mirroring If to the wirelessly and and sound. Select the Mirroring as necessary. Press the LAN the to switch to the Mirroring You the Mirroring
On the function to search the information the function. You of Select from the If the PIN the PIN displayed the Mirroring or the right of the The displays the from It to establish the the while to Doing to or malfunction. the to when connecting. Follow the instructions topic: Network Projection from Mirroring) Related Selecting Mirroring
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to features. Turning On the Turning the 3D Selecting the the the the with the Focusing the the Remote Selecting Source Projection Aspect Ratio the with the Turn the or to turn the the
the cover clicks the
the to the the With Direct On turned the as as The light This that the receiving Press the button the or the to the The and the light flashes as the Once the the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and If right the following: the cover the
Turning the Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary. Press the the the Press the Source button the to the or the If the displayed, the to topic: Related turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness the A/V the To turn off the off the Press the the or the The displays shutdown Press the (To other The the off, and the light off. With there cool-down the right necessary).
To or the the light off, then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing.
3D the cover clicks the closed topic: You 3D 3D and of RF 3D included with You 2D to 3D using the 2D-to-3D Conversion 3D You purchase RF 3D from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or to the HDMI Turn the then the playback from the the to 3D
Press the 2D/3D the to 3D necessary. the switch the 3D to the On the 3D If 3D the with the If the or within of the and the light flashes the switch the to the and then back to the On to 3D the 3D with the Charging the 3D 3D topic:
the 3D with the Related Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to HDMI and the with the to establish them 3D Turn the the to HDMI. 3D the switch the 3D to the On the within of the then the the least three seconds. The light the flashes and red. If the light seconds and then off. topic: 3D
Charging the 3D Charge the when the light the flashes to battery. the of the charging to the the of the the the or the or the other of the to the USB the or other such as that active USB The turned to charge the The when the light the topic: 3D
3D Selecting the the 3D within the shown topic: 3D If to the and another the Turn the Press the
the Select the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: If from or other and the too high or the height the Turn the and
Shape To the front foot, the foot release and the front of the The foot from the Release the to the foot. If the the to their height. If the to the topic: Related You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the
Correcting with the Correcting with the turn correction automatically corrects when the Correcting with the Correcting with the topic: You the to the of that such as when the to the of the Turn the and You to the using the the the correction, slightly topic: Shape Related You the correction to the of that the Turn the and You to the the
Press of these buttons the to the Press the to the correction, slightly If the of reach, the with the the the topic: Related
the with the Focusing the the Turn the and You to the the the To or reduce the the topic: Turn the and You to the the the
Remote To the the topic: The the from anywhere the You the or the front or back of the that the the receivers within the and
Selecting Source using the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the batteries. topic: Related the Remote If connected to the such as and DVD to switch from to the other. the connected to turned DVD or other and its necessary.
of the following: Press the Source the the from the Press the the the If there than that the to through the HDMI Network PC (VGA) topic:
the Projection the the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and the Projection the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right the Turn the and Press the Select the and Select the Projection and
Aspect Ratio the Aspect Ratio Select and Press or to the topic: Related The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input using the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: You the aspect ratio of the displayed to HDMI the input the aspect Turn the and switch to the to Press the button.
Aspect Ratios Select the and Select Aspect and Select the aspect ratio to input and Select or to the topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from the 3D the aspect ratio to Normal Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Normal using the and the aspect ratio of the using the of the and the aspect ratio of the
the Aspect ratio using the of the the aspect The aspect ratio HDMI topic: Aspect Ratio The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input the the Turning On Iris topic: Related Quality You the the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary.
Press the the to the of appears. To through the input the or arrow button. Press to topic: You the to these the input 2D bright Bright bright 3D
Turning On Iris 3D bright 3D topic: the Iris to the based the brightness of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the Select the and Select the Iris and choose of the following: High to brightness as as the Normal You Iris each that the Press or to the
the with the topic: You the buttons the or the to the as with The buttons the internal or connected to the You the each connected input Turn the and that includes To or the the the or these the appears the To the to input the topic: Related You Slideshow whenever USB that This and easily and the Supported Slideshow Slideshow Starting topic:
Supported Slideshow Slideshow Starting Related USB Projection Related Connecting USB or to the You these of using the Slideshow that FAT16/32. type the topic: Projecting Slideshow the following: of topic: connecting USB to the switch to the USB input and You the Slideshow operation options or highlighting Option the of the and CMYK Highly
Press the Slideshow the The Slideshow appears. the following as to If to the arrow to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and of the following to To the arrow to highlight the and (Press the to to the To of the the arrow to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and If than characters or include the shortened or the While the following commands to the as necessary: To the or arrow To to the or previous the or right arrow
Slideshow To the follow the on-screen instructions or the Slideshow topic: Projecting Related Connecting USB or to the Disconnecting USB or From the You these options when using the Slideshow Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Sorts last-to-first On continuously through
Switching the to Seconds the selected and switches to the automatically; high switch slightly Effect with with using of topic: Starting
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Security You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the the the To the and sound back A/V You the A/V the topic:
Projecting You the to from (HDMI1/HDMI2 and Screen Mirroring) to each other You the using the While the other features and to both You from the input both and right) of the You with 3D or input combinations. Press the Select the and Select and from the HDMI1 or HDMI2 the of the and from Mirroring the right of the (These the that this 3D using Press the the to the
Security the You this To the and of the Mirroring, the Right Format and and to (The Screen Mirroring the right To choose the to hear, the Source option, and to To the Screen or the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to operation of the the buttons the Security cabling to physically the the Security topic: You the buttons the to from the Press the
the and Select the and of these and To the Child To the the than three seconds. To buttons, To buttons the The displayed the buttons while this You Select and the the to Unlocking the topic: Security Related
Unlocking the Security If the locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the Related references You of security the to theft. the security the to or purchase information. the security the to and to or heavy through the security when mounting the or topic: Security Related Optional and
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Network Network Information Info You the to the that The displays the the
Press the the or You the the
Press the or arrow to through the the The each the right. The the input To the displayed Press the or arrow to through the the using the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the
Quality the the of the input currently The the currently selected input and (If grayed-out, that item the input currently To input the connected and that the of the of Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the intensity of the Varying the of to tones the Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of and
Varying the Higher the and the Smooths and intermediate Preset Selects the Reduction Advanced RGBCMY RGBCMY the and brightness White each Normal the brightness and ECO Normal them MPEG Reduction Reduction Processing to MPEG Reduction the or artifacts MPEG to clear White of whites when input from the HDMI1 or HDMI2
Iris the based the Normal when The Brightness brightness. To the brightness the topic: the Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input To input the connected and that High selected
3D 3D Selects 3D options Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- Tracking Varying to Varying to or right the location the 3D Format 3D 3D 2D-to-3D Conversion 3D Format selects the 3D 3D 2D-to-3D Conversion 2D to 3D 3D Brightness 3D the the 3D 3D 3D Notice selects the of the to the 3D height the selected input HDMI HD 3D Brightness the of the 3D Inverse 3D the the and right only 3D correctly) 3D Notice the when 3D activated
On Automatically (when On) the ratio to the or Advanced HDMI HDMI the to match the Processing of the to the HDMI input You the HDMI when the White the Advanced turned off. The the 3D Notice Aspect and Processing topic: the (HDMI 1/HDMI2 only) the Normal from other than selected the of the too bright Expanded from selected the too Processing processed; displays and displays higher
the features. to and vertically) manually manually or or using the the
Splits the and displays from the HDMI and the Mirroring Varying the of the HDMI the HDMI options that allow the to HDMI HDMI-connected that the CEC On the connected to the HDMI and HDMI HDMI or the HDMI function selects whether to from the internal or connected On the or PJ or Bidirectional the when the turned PJ or Bidirectional the when the turned whether turned off when the turned off
Child locking to the Assigns option to the the 2D-to-3D Conversion one-touch Info the QR Child the the The displayed the buttons while this
Memory Memory memory Memory On and Memory topic: the Memory Memory memory Memory memory to memory Memory memory Memory memory or to characters
the features that its operation. Selects options the Custom Function Custom Function whether the displays when the turned Custom Function 1/Custom Function the options displayed the and as
Selects options Selects the the the the oriented correctly Background whether displayed the Rear Rear/Ceiling Background selects the or to when whether the appears when the
Direct On Selects operation options Selects whether or the Communication On when Selects the and displays option) The the Projection High and topic: the Direct On the without the High the Source Search of inactivity the to off the and lights the High the operating Source Search the input
Network Network the Network information and the and Mirroring On Mirroring Info and MAC Mirroring only when Quality Mirroring On Wireless LAN On wireless LAN
Info LAN wireless and LAN the QR information the QR to the from the iProjection Network Accesses topic: the Related Selecting Screen Mirroring SSID DHCP IP Gateway MAC
Information Info You information about the and input the Info the Select to the Select Info to the below. the input The hours the least hours. Information item the of hours the Normal and ECO the information displayed yellow, Source the of the to which the input the input of the input the of the input Scan the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input
ID Information item 3D Format the 3D of the input 3D Info information that service the of the input information about that service technician the ID the ID to the of ID ID topic: the If the ID option the Info this of ID the to the associated with the ID and Mirroring Turn the off and then
ID and Unstable the and to the If the PIN the PIN the Mirroring or the right of the If this the the and connected then the The Network Projection Turn the off and then the the Network Projection Communication with disconnected. the Network The Network Projection unexpectedly. the then the off and then 04FE occurred. Turn the off and then 04FF with the SSID. and to the SSID.
ID and The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. with disconnected. to DHCP the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP the Network occurred. restarting the Network and restarting If that the topic: Information Info You of the to their the option the
You the to when the the Hours option and memory the Memory option. You the following using the option: Hours Memory the Network topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to Transporting the to its You to the and the and to the from overheating to The should the and batteries. If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the 3D Cleaning the and the Remote topic: and the Related Where to Clean the periodically, or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the 3D Cleaning the To lint-free cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or to the and the to or the touching the with to or to the topic: To or from the cloth. charging from the cleaning them. or other to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or lint-free cloth.
and Cleaning the and To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: to with easily to and the If when the the reached high this warning appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Cleaning the and the topic: Related Light Clean the or they dusty, or to them. Turn off the and the cord.
the Gently the or (such as paintbrush). You the both of the or or to The or and the optics or other areas. If to or the the topic: and Related the You to the the following cleaning the to clean or The torn or You the while the mounted to the or Turn off the and the cord.
the cover. the of the ABS resin and polyurethane of to the the as shown and clicks
the the cover. topic: and The of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing and its light flashing the the topic: Related Optional and Information Info Specifications the the cool least hour the Warning: the cool to injury. You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour.
the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. to If the the to the of the cover and of or mouth when the cover. the cover and off.
the screws the to the The screws the the section of the and the of the The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the
Gently the the If easily, facing the right the assembly to the and the screws to the screws.
the the cover and the screw to the cover securely or the the to to of the topic: Related the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the button.
the Remote Select the and Select and You to the hours. Select and Press or to the topic: Related the The AA or batteries. the as as they the type of specified this of types, or and
the cover as shown. the batteries. Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to injury. the with the and facing as shown.
the the and clicks Warning: of to regulations. to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related Remote Specifications The of which Follow these to or the the to the connected to the the or as firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and Transporting the
Projection the these sections using the Projection Light or Sound or Remote Network Where to If the properly, turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The this If of these technical topic: Related references Where to Light
Light The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the WLAN (Wireless LAN) light light button/light Screen Mirroring light light light light light light light and Normal Flashing Warming to appear
light light light light and or with On Flashing when the light the Flashing Flashing too Flashing Flashing the to Flashing Flashing turn the Flashing Flashing or Flashing Flashing Flashing Iris turn the off, Flashing the off, and that the and the off, and the off, and and with or Clean or the the too
light light light light and Flashing Flashing overheated and turned off; turned off to cool about then the following: or with Wireless LAN light Wireless LAN Wireless LAN light flashes quickly; to to the burned or incorrectly; reseat or the as Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and that the and with or Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and
light light light light and LAN light flashes slowly; Wireless LAN as the Wireless LAN then switch the back to On Wireless LAN light off; Wireless LAN that the Wireless LAN to On Mirroring light Mirroring Mirroring light flashes quickly; to Mirroring light flashes slowly; Mirroring as the Mirroring then switch the back to On Mirroring light off; Mirroring that the to Mirroring On WLAN Light LAN Flashing Connecting to Flashing Wireless LAN the LAN off and then Wireless LAN the LAN turned
or Sound Appears Mirroring Light Mirroring Flashing Connecting to Flashing Mirroring the Mirroring off and then Mirroring the Wireless If the lights the the off, and topic: the these sections with or sound. Appears Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect 3D Not Correctly to Sound topic: If appears, the following the cover the Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off.
Appears securely and the the and connected Press the to from or or Press the If the to there with the connected or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the locked. Unlock the buttons. Press and the seconds or the with reduce the from from off DirectX topic: or Sound Related Quality If the appears, the following Press the Source the repeatedly to through the seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then If the other the of the the From PC From topic: or Sound
From PC From "Not Supported" Appears Related If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the If the displayed the and the to the and or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to or topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Click the Select the topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the the and If necessary, the to the lowest and then increase as necessary. topic: or Sound Related references
Appears the Not Supported If appears, the following the the Select aspect ratio from the to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related references Supported If the the following Turn the the directly front of the of the facing squarely, If the height the the buttons the to the the of the topic: or Sound Related Related Correcting with the Correcting with the
the or Static the or Blurry If the to interference or the following the or to the They should Separated from the to interference Securely connected both Not connected to than or HDMI the the to they match the Select and refresh that with the If from the and manually the Tracking and If the the the Sharpness to If connected try without to caused interference the turning off or turn the topic: or Sound Related Quality If the or the following the Clean the To the the from the to
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect the enough to the the the that the Turn the the Sharpness to If or the and manually the Tracking and If from using or to match the topic: or Sound Related Projection Quality Specifications Related Cleaning the Focusing the the If the too or light, or the incorrect, the following Press the button the to the and the the the input such as Brightness Advanced and the securely connected to the and If connected try If the ECO selecting Normal the At high or locations to high the become and to the the enough to the
3D Not Correctly If the to the topic: or Sound Related Related Quality If 3D correctly, try the following Press the 2D/3D the to switch to 3D necessary. You 3D the 3D the to On and both to the that with information. using HDMI that 3D selected the 3D Format the Normally this should to to to match the 3D from RF 3D active You purchase them from 3D turned and If the the switch the to the and then back to the On 3D with the the 3D the within the 3D matches the the the wireless microwave or other that the band. These with the the and the 3D If the other the the 3D the the to its the as the 3D topic: or Sound
to Sound Related 3D Optional and Related Cleaning the 3D Charging the 3D the 3D with the If there sound when or the too or high, the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source the or the to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the the the and If hear sound from HDMI the connected to PCM connected If and hear sound from HDMI through the HDMI If to If connected to the the internal the the or If the immediately turning off, the cooling high momentarily and This topic: or Sound Related Related the with the
or to or Shut-Off the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the Remote topic: If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the buttons or the to the If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. Press the to the and the to the If the the the its and the Remote turned the The another cord. If that the and topic: or Remote Operation Related Where to Light Related Unlocking the the Remote
to with the Remote Network If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the operating the within the reception and of the the or to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with If the purchase another from authorized topic: or Remote Operation Related Optional and Remote Operation Related the Remote the these sections using the Wireless Authentication topic:
Wireless Authentication Where to If the wireless correct, authentication to the the the Wireless LAN to On the Security and the Network topic: Network If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or of the or the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the
Purchase and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active F=1.58 to to Brightness Normal ratio with length: to White light light ECO White light (ISO brightness light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO
Specifications inches to inches aspect inches to inches aspect Projection rear, ceiling-mounted aspect ratio (width-to-height) ratio (Tele-to-Wide) sound (Normal correction correction) USB One USB and USB input topic: Specifications UHE High Efficiency) Normal (ECO correction) to about hours ECO to about hours
Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications Reception or AA topic: Specifications Height inches inches inches topic: Technical Specifications Rated supply to AC to
Specifications and Specifications to V) Normal to V) Normal topic: Technical Specifications (relative, to condensing) to to topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ECO (Communication On) ECO (Communication On) to to F to C) to to F to C) to F to C) to with High UL60950-1
Supported ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other resized to automatically. computer's or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA SXGA WXGA++ TV (NTSC) TV (PAL) TV (SECAM) HDMI input VGA CSA C22.2
Refresh SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV MHL input VGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI 3D Refresh 3D HDTV HDTV HDTV MHL 3D Top and Top and
Refresh 3D HDTV HDTV HDTV topic: Technical Specifications Top and Top and
Notices Recycling Information Instructions these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Source Software Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products topic: Notices Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. topic: Notices Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light front of the the bright light the or the its or while to If the mounted or should technicians using mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the
to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the near of heat, high-voltage wires, or of the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the outlet where the easily the following when the the with the the the the when disconnecting the to the when outlets, cords, or to with these fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet and allow to cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners, containing or such as thinner, or the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of cover the with or tablecloth. If the near least inches of the and the the closed-in provided. allow of to the the of the If using or least of the to allow You to clean the and or to cool the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other
covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or exposed to or or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. or the where to or shock. the where or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of. Doing and to or the where to the of the of to F to C) or of Doing to the that become or heat the or to the while to the while the its off, the disconnected from the and disconnected. the of such as candle, or the the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from
3D Instructions WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) 3D Instructions Restriction of topic: Notices Follow these 3D instructions when and the If or the following or other from 3D immediately and health or twitching, of awareness, involuntary strain, headaches, or blurry/double that than seconds. activity (such as vehicle or operating machinery) completely If the and 3D without with health provider/physician. or when to flashing or lights 3D who history of of awareness, to or family history of should health using the 3D function. It recommended that while 3D or 3D The least to to of 3D *Based the issued the 3D revised The and of from to If should immediately the 3D or 3D the heath provider/physician necessary. to the of 3D should or Children and to health associated with 3D and should to prolonged without from the of least three the height when 3D The recommended inch least and least inch Also, recommended than inches. than the recommended or than recommended
3D and Therefore, to or or wires, and that The following people should 3D People with history of People with heart People health People who People who physically People the influence of or who or flashing light SOME LIGHT PATTERNS MAY INDUCE SEIZURES IN PERSONS WITH NO PRIOR HISTORY OF EPILEPSY. the or that such as or fire interference from the such to malfunction and or the 3D This fire to or the to appear when causing to the 3D or with the within reach of They If immediately. the 3D fire or heat or them location to high this built-in rechargeable lithium battery, burns or fire or charging the 3D only the charging and the to the USB charge the 3D using other as the to overheat, or the 3D or too forcefully them. If the sections or other of the of the when wearing the 3D and of the sections such as the hinges. or of the 3D follow and
Restriction of FCC topic: Instructions this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this only to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please this topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Source Software CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools EPSON One PTP-1.00
wireless-tools.29 The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and softwareto the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of free software, to to that the freedom to of free software (and charge
this service wish), that or that the software or of free and that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this software. If the software and its to that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of individually the To this, clear that everyone's free or The and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the terms of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the as Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered only its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the
You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the terms of Section that of these You the to that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole to third the of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that users redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the terms of Sections and that of the following: with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software or,
Accompany with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically distribution, machine-readable of the to distributed the terms of Sections and software or, with the information received as to the offer to (This allowed only and only the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the
would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES
PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to free software which everyone redistribute and these To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright (C) of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when it interactive
Copyright (C) of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of of This incorporating If subroutine library, it to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL please These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.15
DirectFB-1.4.2 The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free softwareto the software its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of free software (and
charge this service wish); that or that the software and of free and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these terms they their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the library. Also, the and the should know that what they the that the author's affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the of free restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or shared library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such only the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other free software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as
non-free this there to the to free software only, the other to non-free of people to of software. to the GNU C people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the user of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that using of the Library. The terms and copying, and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the of this "this Each as "library" of software functions and/or as to with (which of those functions and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. other than copying, and covered this they its The of using the restricted, and from such covered only its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each
copyright and of warranty; intact the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the terms of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of You the whole of the to charge to third the terms of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If
than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the of Sections and that it with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this However, that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to If such only and and and functions or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that terms of choice, that the of the the customer's and such
You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to the to the with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying functions the and properly with of the library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. Accompany the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the already of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things:
Accompany the with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the of the Sections with the of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the only both and this to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice.
This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the free software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary To apply these the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright (C) of author> This software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California, Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD
The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD of of each which owner of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software the responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of
These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the terms of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence arithmetic without or this reason, arithmetic from the JPEG software. (Since arithmetic only the that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the LZW GIF reading and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW algorithm; the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. This of the of this and the the that included the distribution, the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this This released the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond and with the following additions to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory quality, performance, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom
through Copyright Andreas Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc. the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of Andreas The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or distribution. The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated.
"png_get_copyright" function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. users.sourceforge.net March This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would plainly as such, and as the software. This or from
If the to The free without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute that include the history information Apache-2.0 This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the "Apache-2.0". The "Apache-2.0" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of Apache-2.0 (only used) of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the terms and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or
otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You
(including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You own copyright to and or terms and reproduction, or of modifications, or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the and of this without or Notwithstanding the nothing or the of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without warranties or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of using or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this accepting such obligations, You and responsibility, of other Contributor, and only You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following boilerplate with the with information. (Don't include the The text should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Brian Worcester, UK. rights LICENSE TERMS The redistribution and of this software (with or without allowed without the of or that: include the copyright this of and the following include the copyright this of and the following their the of the copyright to products built this software without written DISCLAIMER This software 'as with or of its including, and/or This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows.
The subdirectory of software from Each its copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Incorporated Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the terms and of the BSD This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and only or replicated with the of Inc. University of California, Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T
The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T. to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright (C) Rights to and this software and its and without hereby granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Devices Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
that from please or about this software to the 29K Technical 800-29-29-AMD the USA, or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products Stop E. White TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's (C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written about the of this software Copyright (C)
to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA USA of Copyright of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright
rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L. Moshier Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. Moshier to and this software without fee granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ Copyright (C) DJ
rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the of the of, the software and of correctness, reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and the software, and own IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright IA, rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. using
Copyright M. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution. The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc. Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIT This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the "MIT The "MIT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of MIT of of each which of the copyright to the "MIT as follows. Copyright Foundation and other granted, free of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following
The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. TOPPERS/JSP This includes the software "TOPPERS/JSP" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP". The "TOPPERS/JSP" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TOPPERS/JSP of of each which of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP" as follows. TOPPERS/JSP Platform Profile Copyright (C) and Laboratory of JAPAN Copyright (C) and Laboratory School of Information JAPAN. The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these terms of and the following stipulation of accompanying redistribution
this software redistributed which the of other software, of the following satisfied. The copyright these of and the following stipulation of accompanying redistribution The TOPPERS to which the of otherwise. The copyright and the TOPPERS from whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. The TOPPERS what shown the that to to software TINET This includes the software "TINET" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TINET". The "TINET" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TINET terms of of each which of the copyright to the "TINET" as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgement: This includes software the University of California, and its Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. TINET and TOPPERS TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, following satisfied.
The copyright these terms of and the following stipulation of accompanying redistribution The copyright and the TOPPERS from whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. WPA This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the "WPA The "WPA WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of WPA WPA terms of of each which of the copyright to the "WPA as follows. Copyright Jouni and Rights This the BSD (the with If to the please CONTRIBUTIONS instructions. This software distributed, used, and the terms of BSD Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
Neither the of the above-listed copyright the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. lighttpd This includes the software "lighttpd" which the terms and of the copyright to the "lighttpd". The "lighttpd" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of lighttpd lighttpd-1.4.35 terms of of each which owner of the copyright to the "lighttpd" as follows. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE PCRE This includes the software "PCRE" which the and of the copyright to the "PCRE". The "PCRE" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of PCRE of of each which of the copyright to the "PCRE" as follows. PCRE LICENCE PCRE of functions to whose and as as to those of the Release of PCRE distributed the of the "BSD" as specified below. The PCRE, the directory, distributed the as the software The functions written C and included the of C++ wrapper and that to These both optional that when the built. THE BASIC LIBRARY FUNCTIONS by: University of Computing Service,
Copyright University of rights PCRE JUST-IN-TIME COMPILATION SUPPORT by: freemail.hu Copyright(c) rights STACK-LESS JUST-IN-TIME COMPILER by: freemail.hu Copyright(c) rights THE C++ WRAPPER FUNCTIONS Contributed by: Inc. Copyright Inc. rights THE "BSD" LICENCE Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University of the of Inc. the of their to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. FastCGI This includes the software "FastCGI" which the and of the copyright to the "FastCGI" The "FastCGI" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of FastCGI of of each which of the copyright to the "FastCGI" as follows. This FastCGI and (the "Software") and its (the copyrighted Inc The following terms apply to associated with the Software and explicitly to and this Software and the that existing copyright retained and that this included written or of the authorized to this Software and copyrighted their authors and follow the If to this Software and licensing terms, the clearly indicated the first of each where they apply.
OPEN MARKET MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE OR THE DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL OPEN MARKET BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS SOFTWARE OR THE DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA, EVEN IF OPEN MARKET HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". OPEN MARKET HAS NO LIABILITY IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THIS SOFTWARE OR THE DOCUMENTATION. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. LICENSE ISSUES The both the of the and the SSLeay apply to the below the Actually both Source of related to please Copyright The rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
mentioning features or of this software the following acknowledgment: This includes software the the The and to or products from this software without written written please Products from this software appear their without written of the Redistributions of whatsoever the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes cryptographic software written Young This includes software written SSLeay Copyright Young rights This SSL written The written as to with SSL. This free and as as the following aheared to. The following apply to found this the RC4, RSA, DES, the SSL The SSL included with this covered the copyright terms that the Copyright Young's, and as such Copyright the to If this should as the author of the of the used. This the of or or with the Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning features or of this software the following acknowledgement: "This includes cryptographic software written The 'cryptographic' the from the cryptographic related. If include (or thereof) from the directory include acknowledgment: "This includes software written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. The and publically or of this this and another including the GNU topic: Notices EPSON and and EPSON of Corporation. and TM and TM and SM and SM service of Inc. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. and Direct of
Copyright Notice Concerning of Copyrighted Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each to and of the copyright when While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice
Copyright Attribution Inc. CPD-43312 topic: Copyright Notice