Z9870NL/Z11005NL/Z9800WNL/ Z9900WNL/Z11000WNL/Z9750UNL/ Z9870UNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The Z9870NL, Z11005NL, Z9800WNL, Z9900WNL, Z11000WNL, Z9750UNL, Z9870UNL, Z10000UNL, and Z10005UNL include these features: Bright, high-resolution Z9750UNL: to or of light or white brightness (white light Z9870NL/Z9870UNL: to or of light or white (white light Z9800WNL: to or of light or white (white light Z9900WNL: to or of brightness light or white brightness (white light Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL: to or light or white (white light Z11000WNL/Z11005NL: to or brightness light or white brightness (white light light and white brightness (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO Native of: Z9870NL/Z11005NL: (XGA) Z9800WNL/Z9900WNL/Z11000WNL: (WXGA) Z9750UNL/Z9870UNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL: (WUXGA)
Additional Optional and topic: Related to the to the following To through its VGA to the BNC VGA-to-5-BNC or You purchase from or authorized To or purchase information. To with or purchase information. To or or You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI You purchase from or authorized To DVI-D DVI-D To HDBaseT 100Base-TX LAN To SDI Z9870UNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL), BNC To that includes DisplayPort, or to Apple topic: You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or offers the following optional and Option or (ELPLP81) V13H010L81
Option or (ELPLP82) V13H010L82 (ELPLP83) V13H010L83 (ELPLP84) V13H010L84 (ELPAF46) V13H134A46 wireless USB (ELPAP09) V12H005M09 Wireless LAN (ELPAP07) V12H418P12 HDBaseT (ELPHD01) V12H547020 (ELPMB44) V12H681010 Remote (ELPKC28) V12H005C28 DC-11 (ELPDC11) V12H377020 DC-20 (ELPDC20) V12H500020 IR (ELPST16) V12H007T16 3D ELPPL01 3D (ELPGS02A) V12H541A20 3D (ELPGS02B) V12H541B20 mount (ELPMB25) V12H003B25 Mount with (ELPMB26) V12H003B26 ELPMBP02 (ELPKC19) V12H005C19 VGA F3H982-06 VGA F3H982-10 VGA F3H982-25 HDMI AV22300-03 HDMI AV22300-06 HDMI AV22300-12
Warranty and Information Option or Short throw (ELPLU02) V12H004U02 Rear-projection (ELPLR04) V12H004R04 (ELPLS04) V12H004S04 Middle-throw (ELPLM06) V12H004M06 Middle-throw (ELPLM07) V12H004M07 Long-throw (ELPLL07) V12H004L07 Active (ELPSP02) V12H467020 ELPSP10 security ELPSL01 ELPSC80 ELPSC27 ELPSC28 ELPSC29 Service EPPEXPC1 Service EPPEXPC2 topic: with basic warranty that with the warranty that with offers Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service the CD or this epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic:
Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations Follow the these as to injury. to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to where to Press the the to to (U.S) or and to technical hours instructions using the Network Projection instructions only), the If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related Where to the to learn about the Rear Interface
Remote topic: Introduction to security receivers Interface
Rear Interface cover Interface cover cover cover mount topic: Locations cover Rear cover Remote lights
Interface topic: Locations SDI Z9870UNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL) BNC Remote RS-232C Service
Wireless LAN HDMI HDMI DVI-D Network LAN HDBaseT topic: Locations
Rear topic: Locations On off) Source buttons input buttons function the and when RGB from the or BNC the the the
or off temporarily) (displays (selects options and wireless Arrow through on-screen options and wireless and functions and wireless Light (lights the buttons temporarily) (displays the Arrow buttons information (displays information) topic: Locations Related Related Light
Remote
On off) Source buttons input buttons function the Aspect (selects the aspect and when RGB from the or BNC action) (displays the the Arrow buttons through on-screen options and wireless and (selects options and wireless (splits the through when from and buttons numbers) ID to buttons to ID switch or ID Remote to information) (when switches buttons to function) buttons and of the to their the and wireless the
or off temporarily) (selects Search (searches Light (lights the buttons temporarily) light (lights when the Remote topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to Removing and the Interface Cover Attaching and Attaching and Removing the the You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or it mount. of around and the and top of or to that the Position the within reach of grounded or cord. and topic: the You or the following
Rear mounted
Rear/Ceiling mounted to least inches of front of the and and, when inches of the
If mount the the following Vertically to Within the of If mount the the following Vertically to Within the of to
The optional (ELPMB44) and (ELPLP83/ELPLP84) when to mount the with the facing and least inches of the and the mounting as shown. If from the the and the foot covers as shown. the
the Direction the to of the following that operations the match the commands. Normal topic: Related
Projection The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to approximately to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or You the Throw (U.S.) or from the of the to the of the Z9800WNL/Z9900WNL/Z11000WNL/Z9750UNL/Z9870UNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL Aspect Ratio
Screen or Projection to Top to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to to to inches to Z9870NL/Z11005NL Aspect Ratio Screen or Projection to Top to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to Z9800WNL/Z9900WNL/Z11000WNL/Z9750UNL/Z9870UNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL Aspect Ratio or Projection to Top to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to Z9870NL/Z11005NL Aspect Ratio
or Projection to Top to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to Z9800WNL/Z9900WNL/Z11000WNL/Z9750UNL/Z9870UNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL Aspect Ratio or Projection to Top to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to Z9870NL/Z11005NL Aspect Ratio or to Top to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to topic:
Removing and Attaching the Interface Cover the interface cover the that to the and the interface cover while the the as shown. the interface cover straight off the If the connected through the top of the the top from the interface cover. If the connected through the the
the interface cover with the the and clicks topic: the You the to of and to or other type of that DVI-D, or HDMI such as DVD players, and smartphones with If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDBaseT Connecting to topic: the Related Product
Connecting to Sources Connecting to VGA Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI Connecting to DVI-D Connecting to BNC topic: You the to using VGA To that includes only DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the VGA Apple options. If necessary, the VGA to the other to the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to HDMI Connecting to DVI-D If HDMI to the optional HDMI To that includes only DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If DVI-D to the optional DVI-D the DVI-D to DVI-D
Connecting to BNC Connecting to Sources the other to the DVI-D topic: Connecting to Sources You the to using optional VGA-to-5-BNC the VGA to the BNC to the BNC topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the
Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Component-to-BNC Source Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to SDI Source topic: If HDMI to the optional HDMI The HDMI the the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources Related Attaching and Removing the If to the using optional to with
Connecting to Source the to usually or If these to the BNC to the R/Cr/Pr G/Y B/Cb/Pb topic: Connecting to Sources If to the optional to with the to output or If these to
Connecting to Source the VGA to the the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources Related If to the using optional the to the other to the
Connecting to Source Connecting to SDI Source topic: Connecting to Sources If to the using optional the with the yellow to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources If SDI it to the using optional BNC Z9870UNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL). the BNC to SDI
Connecting to HDBaseT the other to the SDI topic: Connecting to Sources To HDMI or RS-232C the to optional HDBaseT using 100Base-TX This when to to or the from location, such as or to length. To STP or Turn off the and HDBaseT the and HDBaseT turned off when connecting or disconnecting the of the to the HDBaseT the
Connecting to the other to the HDBaseT the that with the HDBaseT instructions connecting to or Turn the and HDBaseT To from the Ethernet and the On as the the Turning this the LAN RS-232C and topic: Related If connected the to using or BNC to the This the when the If to to when the turned off, to Communication On as the and On as the A/V the that refresh than to correctly.
Attaching and connected to the or BNC the to If the to the the topic: Related Follow the instructions these sections to or Removing Attaching topic: the You to with the only when and the front of the facing when the This or from the and lowering the touching the with to or to the
the the Turn off the Press the cover and off of the the as the to the Release (counterclockwise) hear click. Gently the straight of the topic: Attaching and Removing
You to the touching the with to fingerprints or to the the with the white facing the straight the and clockwise hear the and the to the (clockwise)
and the the cover. the the the type of topic: Attaching and You the that with to to the and HDMI the and HDMI to the the of each anchor the the and HDMI as shown.
the Remote anchor HDMI the around the and HDMI them. each the anchors and the the and HDMI anchors as shown. To the the and the Then the of each anchor and them of the topic: the Related Connecting to HDMI Connecting to HDMI Source The the AA that with the the type of specified this of types, or and the cover.
the with the and facing as shown. the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the
the Network Wired Network Projection Follow the instructions these sections to Wired Network Network Projection Network SNMP You to through wired To this, the to and then and connecting and the as the software from the Software CD or the software as necessary. the following software and to and Network software projection. the Network instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and PC Projection software allows to interactive the of users the PC Projection instructions. Network software only) allows to wired LAN. the Network instructions. You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and from or the connected LAN to network that includes wireless (U.S.) or information.
Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly through the using the Network Projection software. Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network topic: the Network Related Network To the to wired (LAN), 100Base-TX or 10Base-T To shielded or of the to switch, or router. the other of the to the LAN topic: Wired Network Projection from the the its
already connected the to wired using the LAN Turn the Press the button. the Network and Select Network and
Select the and the following options as necessary: to characters to the the to characters the to characters the the user EPSONWEB to to the the with You displayed, from using the Network Projection software to the the displayed to the and Press the arrow the to highlight characters and to them.
Network Projection Select the Wired LAN and If necessary, IP and Select IP as necessary: If assigns automatically, the DHCP If manually, off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To highlight the from the displayed the arrow buttons the To highlighted and the the while the numbers. To of the IP the off IP selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Wired Network Projection You to through wireless To this, the optional wireless LAN and then and wireless
the Wireless LAN If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly through the the Network software without the the optional wireless the and the the software from the Software CD or the software, as necessary. the following software and to and wireless Network software wireless projection. the Network instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and PC Projection software allows to interactive the of users the PC Projection instructions. Network software only) allows to firmware wired LAN. the Network Operation instructions. You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and Projection from or with the wireless LAN and iProjection (U.S.) or information the LAN Wireless Only) Selecting Wireless Network Manually Selecting Network Selecting Wireless Network OS Wireless Network Security topic: the Network Related Optional and To the wireless the wireless LAN other type of wireless LAN
the LAN while its light or flashing, or while wirelessly. You the or The wireless LAN included with and optional. and the interface cover while the the as shown. the interface cover straight off the the wireless LAN the topic: Wireless Network Projection
Wireless Only) Related Optional and You the USB to to the wirelessly. Then and the when The Wireless USB included with and optional. the wireless LAN The wireless LAN included with and optional. Turn the Press the LAN the You this: that SSID and IP displayed, then the wireless LAN from the
the USB the the wireless LAN You that the information the USB the wireless LAN the the USB to USB or the then Allow the Follow the on-screen instructions to the Wireless If Firewall to the firewall this the If appear, the LAN or as necessary. wirelessly, the option the then the USB from You to to wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network
Selecting Wireless Network Manually from wireless the the its Turn the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and
Select the and Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the to characters the to characters the the EPSONWEB security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network Projection software to the the displayed to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them.
Wireless LAN Select the LAN and the the LAN as necessary selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the the wireless to the wireless Wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Projection Wireless LAN On wireless LAN
Selects the type of wireless Advanced selects the the wireless SSID On SSID searching to when to the SSID characters the SSID of the wireless LAN the connecting to Search Access To Search Search wireless Advanced IP DHCP On or Selects DHCP network assigns automatically, IP or off DHCP SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the LAN the IP and Gateway as to or the optional USB to Advanced to wireless
Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Network OS Wireless Network Security IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Wireless Network Manually to the the wireless To wireless software, the and the the of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. Click topic: Wireless Network connecting to the the wireless OS X. Click the the the top of the turned then of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. topic: Wireless Network Projection You security to the wireless of the following security options to match the WPA/WPA2-PSK security (Advanced WPA2-PSK security (Advanced and
Wireless Security with the information. Press the Select the Network and Network and Select the Security and Select the security selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Wireless Security topic: Wireless Network Projection the Security the type of security and security that match the the to. Security WPA2-PSK and WPA Selects the type of security the wireless
Network Passphrase from to Selects the topic: Network Security You the to the there with the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and Turn the IP the SMTP option. To the IP using the the and the these or through (where from to characters the
Network SNMP Select the SMTP from to Choose field, the and the to there. to three to characters selecting Complete and follow the instructions to and the If to Network topic: the Network with and selected to containing the following information: the The of the The IP of the affected information about the If to topic: Network Network SNMP Network software they If network this software, the SNMP Press the the Network and Select Network and
Select the Others and to IP to SNMP to each field. these or through (where from to If the Priority Gateway If AMX the AMX Discovery to allow the to detected. If the to allow the to detected. If connecting to using the If this to broadcasted the the Broadcasting the using the Broadcasting only). selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: the Network
Once connected to and This the remotely. The and Microsoft or and that You of the or If to Communication On to and the the turned connected to the the IP the and the computer's You the You to the If and (The user EPSONWEB and the To the of the and follow the on-screen instructions to To remotely, the Remote option.
from You this: selection buttons the and Source search off Select the to the function to from topic: the Network Related You from the browser.
the turned connected to the the IP the browser's and the You the You to the If and (The user EPSONWEB and the the option.
You this: the buttons the to the and features. topic: If the and the and using You the or the Broadcasting when
information Networked topic: the Network To and using and connected to the If connecting wirelessly, the the Advanced If to the when the turned off, to the the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the Others and the to On to allow the to detected.
the Broadcasting the software. selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Turn off the then to the topic: Related Once to and using connected to the the IP the browser's and the computer's You this Select the input that to the Sources You through the and the
To remotely, the that to the buttons. You through options the of the These on-screen buttons directly to the buttons: OK acts as the displays the To information about the the Info To and the the displayed and selecting to the topic:
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the Screen the the the the with the Focusing the the Remote Selecting Source Selecting the Aspect Ratio the and Turn the or to the the
the to the the With Direct On turned the as as The light This that the Press the On the or to the The light flashes as the Once the the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and If right the following: Turn the connected or DVD or other and the button, necessary. Press the Search the to the Press the the the topic: Related
Turning the Selecting the the turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness Press the the or If shutdown the the or (To the other The the off, and the light off. With there cool-down the right necessary). To or the the light off, then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing topic: If to the and another the Turn the Press the
the Select the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: You the Screen to match the aspect ratio of the to the Turn the and Press the Select the and Select
the You this Select aspect ratio and Press the to the the aspect ratio the topic: Related Aspect Ratio If the directly front of the the of the using the turning the the and Turn the and Press the the or
Press the arrow to the of the as necessary. Z9870NL/Z11005NL of Projected when the (V (H You the to both the and
the Z9800WNL/Z9900WNL/Z11000WNL/Z9750UNL/Z9870UNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL of Projected when the (V (H You the to both the and finished, the the or the height, the than where it to and then This the from topic: You the there the of the and the Turn the and
Press the Select the and Select Position the arrow buttons the or to the of the finished, the You the the to the Z9800WNL, Z9900WNL, Z11000WNL, Z9750UNL, Z9870UNL, Z10000UNL, or Z10005UNL or the Z9870NL and Z11005NL topic: You to the without connecting or The the to the type with the Turn the Press the the or
Press the or right arrow buttons the or the to through the the as necessary. Press the to the topic: Related the Screen You the following while the displayed.
the Correction Black topic: If from or other and the too high or the height using the Turn the and To the height, or the and the front or to or them. Advanced RGB RGBCMY
Shape Correcting Shape with H/V If the to the topic: Related Related references You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the Correcting with H/V Correcting Shape with Corner Correcting with Curved Correcting with Correction Correcting with Corner Wall topic: You the H/V to the of that the Turn the and You to the the Press the
Select the and Select the Correction and Select the and Then You the the arrow buttons the or the to and correction and to the as necessary. finished, correction, slightly topic:
Correcting with Corner Related Related You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and You to the the Press the Select the and the Correction and Select the Corner and Then
Correcting with Curved You the Corner the arrow buttons the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary. finished, topic: Related Related You the Curved to the of or spherical the the The focused throughout the
Turn the and You to the the Press the Select the and Select the Correction and Select the Curved and If You this
Select the Correct and the arrow buttons the or the to the to Then To Curved the least seconds to and the arrow buttons the to the If the the further that
Press the to to the Curved the three as to other areas. If the expands or with the to the linearity. Select of the following from the Curved Linearity or Linearity or Select displayed to as and The selected flashes and white. the linearity of the following: Press the arrow to the the to the Press the right arrow to the the to the finished, If necessary, the of Curved using Correction. topic: Shape
Correcting with Correction Related Related Correcting with Correction You the Correction to the Press the the and Select the Correction and Select the Correction and If You this Select the Correction and Select the of to and If to the of the the and the arrow buttons the or to to the the that to Then
The from to the arrow buttons to the You to or the and to the Press to to the and another to correct, necessary. finished, topic: Related references Related
Correcting with Corner Wall You the Corner Wall to the of with right such as or the of these the focused throughout. Turn the and You to the using the Press the Select the and the Correction and Select the Corner Wall and If
You this the Corner and Select of the following: Corner when the Corner when the vertically Press the to to the Corner Wall the Correct and
the and the option to the the where the (The of these Corner as the selected Corner the the Corner.) You to or the and to the the arrow the or the to the to Then
To Corner Wall the least seconds to and corners, the top the lowest (indicated the arrow) as reference and the indicated the top the corners, the the highest (indicated the arrow) as reference and the indicated the the corners, the and right using the the of the as reference and Press and the arrow buttons the or to the the previous as to other areas. If the expands or with the to the linearity. Press the to to the Corner Wall Select the Linearity and
the with the the linearity the following as necessary: Press and the arrow to the the to the or top of the Press and the right arrow to the the to the right or of the finished, If necessary, the of Corner Wall Correction. topic: Shape Related Related Correcting Shape with Correction Turn the and
Focusing the the Press the the or Press and the arrow the or to the Press the the or when finished. topic: Related Turn the and Press the the or Press and the arrow buttons the or to the Press the the or when finished.
Focusing the with the Optional Short Throw Focusing the with the Optional Short Throw topic: Related If the optional throw (ELPLU02) and shifted the the option, the the using the throw ELPLU02 as the the If the shifted the using the the height, the than where to and the arrow buttons. This the from Turn the and the the counterclockwise. to the throw when to the from shifting. Press the the or
Remote Operation Press and the arrow to the around the of the the the around the of the focused. Press the then the arrow to the If the shown of the to the topic: Focusing the the Related the The the from anywhere the to You it the front or back of the
that the the receivers within the the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the topic: Related the Remote
Selecting Source If connected to the such as and DVD player, to switch from to the other. the connected to turned DVD or other and its necessary. Press the the the or If there than that the to through the BNC Networked DVI-D HDMI SDI Z9870UNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL) HDBaseT topic:
Selecting the You the to turn Press the Select the and the and the arrow buttons the or the to of the following options: Both If the other
Projection the Projection the the turned the with the of hours If that the other If If finished, the topic: the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from Rear/Upside the top-to-bottom and to from the or and You the the or the Projection the the Projection the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right using the Turn the and Press the
Aspect Ratio Select the and Select the and Select and Press or to the topic: The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input using the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related Quality
the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios You the aspect ratio of the to the Screen the the aspect Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the selected and the input from Black and or stretched aspect the aspect ratio and of input Screen aspect or Normal, Native* or Normal, Native or Normal, Native
when or from the HDMI or HDBaseT Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Normal the aspect ratio of the input aspect aspect the of the the aspect the of the and the aspect ratio of the that the of the projected. Native as (aspect ratio and maintained). topic: Aspect Ratio Related the The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input the the Turning On Iris topic: Related Quality
the You the the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary. Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input bright bright Theatre bright Sports bright displays DICOM SIM photographs and other
Turning On Iris Multi-Projection from (reduces the tone when RGB Only when the input or when the input or The DICOM SIM reference only and should to topic: the Iris to the based the brightness of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the Select the and
the and Select the Iris and choose of the following: High to brightness as as the Normal brightness You Iris each that the The Iris when the Edge On Press or to the topic: You the and the Press the Select the and Select the Operation and Select the and You this: Select the and the to the and finished, topic:
the Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security 3D to Memory and You temporarily off the to redirect action to however, the that Press the the or to temporarily To the back the topic: Related
Action Temporarily and of You temporarily the action or and the the action to however, the that Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the Press the the You crosshair the the of the the following buttons the to the the arrow to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the as necessary.
Security Security To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to operation of the the buttons the or Security cabling to physically the Security the Projector's Security topic: You these of security shared On Protection from using the without first Protection from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Network Protection from the the Time/Schedule Protection from the or Selecting Security to the
to topic: Security To security, the the about seconds or this Press the arrow to and You the the Select and Press and the the and the buttons to The displays as as Then the the You the accepted."
Selecting Security Press to to the of the and topic: Security this allowing to the security to If this the the about seconds or the appears. To unauthorized of the On Protection On and To to the or related Protection On and To to Network Protection On and To to the or Protection On and to the to the to the topic: Security
to the If and On Protection to whenever the You the to the Press and the the while the the buttons. The If the incorrect, the following You and to try the to proceed. If incorrect the displays and to to the
to Support, the and of ownership the topic: Security You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily the This the The as the photo, graphic, or which the to theft. You to the protection the to as the Press the the and Select the and You to the displayed as Select and You selection the arrow buttons the or to surround the to as the and
You to this Select and (If to the selected and the You the factor and You to the as the Select and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the Select the and Select and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever the and to On To from the without first and security. topic: Security
the You the the to from using the You the buttons or the buttons the You the buttons the and holding the the about seconds. This function buttons those operation. Press the the To the screen through the the button, and If to from the the the to On Select of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the button, You Select and Press the Unlocking the topic: Security Related
Unlocking the Security If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them. If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the You of security the to theft. the security the to Security from the the to and to or heavy through the when mounting the or topic: Security Related Rear
You the from or to The following options from each and the from each and the to Follow the instructions these sections to and from
the ID the of the Projected From the Colors the Uniformity) the Convergence Scaling Projecting the Brightness the Edges the Black Copying topic: You To this, assign to each and to the Then the once or individually. You match the displayed to near each other. least inches of the to them from overheating. the ID the Remote ID topic: If to from each ID. Press the Select the and Select the and
the Remote ID Select ID and the arrow buttons the to the to the Then these the other to from topic: The ID to If to the to to the ID to match the ID. Turn the the to with exclusively. the ID switch to On
the of the Projected From the ID the while the that matches the ID. Then release the buttons. If know the ID, the ID and the to temporarily the ID the If the of the the ID to its topic: If to the of from the the You to the the the physical and to the the and features. turning the the and the using the Correction topic: Related
Matching the Colors Related the the with the Correcting with Corner Correcting with Correction You match the of that to each other. the Brightness and match exactly the below. Press the button. Select the and Select the and Select the and You this Press to the and the the to and the ID to match the Access the the and the to the tone and both the
the Tone Uniformity) the Brightness the with the matches the and (You to switch the ID back and forth to to each of these the to each this match the to the the Brightness and the If to match these matching to to and topic: Related You the Uniformity to manually the tone the Press the Select the and Select the or and
the Convergence Select the Uniformity and Press and On Press Select the and Press the right and arrow buttons to the then Select the and Select the of the that to and Select the or to and the arrow to the and the right arrow to strengthen the Press and each to finished, the topic: You the to manually the (the of the red, and the Allow to least to and the the The should least inches
and the should or textured; otherwise the to Press the Select the and Select the and the and Press and On Press Select the Select and choose of the following: to the to the You the or the Select the and Select the to and
Select and You this the arrow buttons the to the the of the highlighted the Press the to to the of the finished each of the You this
Scaling of the following: If correct, and to to the If Select intersection and and the arrow the to highlight the of the that and to the this as necessary. topic: You the from and the to and them Press the Select the and Select the and You this Select the and On
Select the and of the following options: the aspect ratio as the the to the as the Select or of the following options and as necessary: or the and vertically the Vertically the vertically only the the and the arrow buttons to the and of each as the finished, the
topic: You the to from to each other. You the using the or the While the other features and to both Press the the The currently selected input to the of the Press the You this To input the other the Source the input and (You necessary.) To switch the the and
the Brightness To the the Screen option, and to the input the appear the choose the To the the or topic: with the brightness that as bright as the the the brightness of each match exactly. You the brightness Turn the and the Select Normal the or 3D 3D the Press the Select the and Select the and Select the Brightness and Select brightness Press to to the previous topic: Related Related
the Edges You the Edge to from Press the Select the and Select the and Select the Edge and You this Turn the Edge and If the the Colors Select the to and
You this: Select the and On Select the and the of the The should that the the of the the Press to back to the finished Edge off the and finished, the topic:
the Black the appear from the that You the Black to the noticeable. You the when displayed. The and tone of the from the of the the Press the Select the and Select the Multi-Projection and Select the Black and
You this Select the and You this the brightness and tone of the that to match the that using the
Press the to to the Black Select the Correction and You this the to the The displayed the Edge and Correction the arrow buttons to and the The selected
the arrow buttons to the to the of the To another the and the previous finished, the the to to the Black finished, the of the Edge the Black to its topic: them to another of the the to the other The following Info items Network other than those the and Others to USB From USB To From
to USB topic: You the to to USB If the other the correctly. Turn off the and the from the the the wireless LAN the directly to the Press and the the or as the to the
From USB the and lights release the The lights flash to that to the flash the lights flashing, the light and the the or the while the lights flashing. This the Once the the topic: Copying to USB them to another of the the USB from another of the The contained If the other the correctly. to to Turn off the and the from the the flash the wireless LAN the directly to the
To Press and the the or as the to the the and lights turn release the The lights to that to the the lights flashing, the light and the the or the while the lights flashing. This the Once the the topic: Copying You the to to of the following operating OS OS OS OS OS
Turn off the and the from the USB to Service the other to USB Press and the the or as the to the the and lights turn release the The shows as the and the to Once the copied, of the following: the or Right-click the of as and
From OS X: the from the the The topic: Copying to them to another of the of the following operating OS OS OS OS OS to to Turn off the and the from the USB to Service
the other to USB Press and the the or as the to the the and lights release the The shows as Copy the from to the other to the Once the copied, of the following: the or Right-click the of as and OS X: the from the the The and lights flashing to that the updated. the lights flashing, the light and the the while the lights flashing. This the topic: Copying
You the to smooth fast-moving and intermediate them Z9750UNL/Z9870UNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL). Press the button. Select the and Select the and You this: the of and
3D to Memory and finished, the If off the topic: optional (ELPPL01), 3D (ELPGS02A/ELPGS02B), and (ELPMB44), to and 3D the instructions with the optional and the 3D from the and of the 3D the 3D topic: Related Related Optional and You each of and then the whenever to them. Turn the and Press the Select the and Select the Memory and
You this Select of the following Memory with Memory to memory with memory that already indicated previously memory overwrites the with Memory the selected memory Memory memory Press to topic: You command, such as turning the or off or switching input as You when the to the command.
The Protection the Protection turned off to Scheduled Editing Scheduled topic: You commands to and them as Press the button. Select the and Select the and The appears. Select the and Select New and the section, the to (Select that to the section, the and the to finished, and To the previous Select and to topic: You currently Press the Select the and Select the and
Editing You this: The the the following about the scheduled Reoccurring Communication on/off topic: You currently scheduled Press the Select the and Select the and
You this: Press the or right arrow to highlight the the containing the scheduled to Press the or arrow buttons to highlight the to and Select of the following: On/Off or the selected the the selected Clear the selected New scheduled finished, and Select and to To scheduled and topic:
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Network Network Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or
You the screen the Press the or arrow to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the Press the or arrow to through the the using the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the
Quality the the of the input currently The the currently selected input To input the connected and that the of the of Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the intensity of the Varying the of to tones the and
Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of or the tone based or to Advanced options the and intensity of the Iris the based the brightness Normal when The Brightness brightness. To the the topic: the Related High selected
Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input You the of the Tracking and the the To input the connected and that 3D On 3D when from On Automatically from RGB (when On)
the input from RGB Normal Tracking Varying to from RGB Varying to or from RGB right the location the whether to interlaced-to-progressive Smooths and intermediate Z9750UNL/Z9870UNL/ Normal them Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL) the fast-moving High Normal or graphics, and
Varying that when to the of the Reduction NR1 NR On the or artifacts around the of that caused the of MPEG the to match the of the Normal to the HDMI the type from input to RGB the type from the input connected to the NR2 Expanded HDBaseT and SDI Z9870UNL/Z10000UNL/ Z10005UNL) input RGB corrects corrects
Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- options to the of the displayed each the ratio to the or Processing topic: the Related Aspect Ratios height the selected input displays displays higher
the features.
Correction the the and displays while to the options or to locking to the On the and buttons the H/V manually Corner the of the Curved and Correction Corner to the of the four corners Corner Wall buttons Curved to the when Correction to and finely the Corner Wall to the when with right buttons the
Normal Selects the brightness of the Interlock Front/Rear reception of the selected receiver; off receivers Assigns option to the and buttons the to the the or right arrow buttons the or the to through the or to Memory Memory of to memory Memory topic: the Normal ECO Rear one-touch Memory Memory Interlock the the surrounding too high operation ECO reduces and and and
the features that its operation. the this topic Closed Caption of closed and selects the CC1 type Creates that the displays to and security CC2 NTSC connected through the or
Projection Selects the the the the oriented correctly Direction Varying Selects the the the the selected the this topic A/V A/V Selects and Rear Rear/Upside A/V to and to when the to Communication On to this the to to when the when to RGB from the or BNC which selected when the
On this to allow the following operations to Communication when the HDBaseT Selects the when the XTP to HDBaseT or switcher the Multi-Projection this topic Select Select the to turned and the network and to (A/V to On Communication from the HDBaseT or from the Ethernet and the HDBaseT the LAN RS-232C and Remote XTP to On when the XTP or switcher to the HDBaseT
operations to pre-scheduled Selects the and displays option) Selects the of the displayed the Selects the of the displayed the whether displayed the Background Selects the or to when whether appears when the Confirmation the the Notice when the Screen the aspect ratio and of the to the type of Corrects the
Uniformity the tone Direct On the when Automatically the of inactivity the the off turned Automatically off the of inactivity High the operating Source Search the input when the turned On Automatically the when from the or BNC input when the when to Communication On Advanced the Advanced this topic Multi-Projection
ID the to ID which allows to to individually the of the Uniformity the tone the whole Edge the to Brightness the of the Corrects the the and of each RGBCMY the and brightness red, and Black the Advanced BNC Termination the termination the from the BNC (normally should off termination such as switchers necessary)
Remote Select Normal to the that with the or to the that with the Select to or the or to off the temporarily when the Release Select to release the function the or to release the function when operation the the that sounds when the or off Turn or off the or Select the the attached to to the off or to the off the and topic: the
Network Network the Network information and the and Info Wireless LAN wireless and Wireless LAN SSID DHCP IP Gateway MAC
Information Info Info Wired LAN wired network and DHCP Network Accesses topic: the Related Wired Network Wireless Network Projection You information about the and input the Info the IP Gateway MAC
The hours the least hours. the input Info the this topic Info the following information: the firmware information Info Source the of the input the input of the input the of the input the of the input displays the of hours the Normal and ECO the information displayed displays the operating of each
ID Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service information about that service the ID the ID to the of ID Quality the information from the HDBaseT ID topic: the Related Optional and Specifications If the ID option the Info displays this of ID the to the associated with the ID and The Network Turn the off and then
ID and the and to the the the Network Communication with disconnected. the Network Projection The Network Projection unexpectedly. the then the off and then 04FE occurred. Turn the off and then 04FF with the SSID. and to the SSID. The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. The TKIP/AES type match. the wireless security correct. Communication with unauthorized disconnected. to DHCP. the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP the Network Communication the Network topic: Information Info You of the to their the option the
You the and the Memory the Memory option. You the following using the option: Network items Hours Uniformity Memory Matching Select topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to the to its You to the and clean the and to the from overheating to The should the and If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote topic: and Transporting the Clean the or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the and To lint-free cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or to clean the and the to or the touching the with to or to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: to with easily user-replaceable to and the If when the the reached high this warning appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Cleaning the the topic:
Cleaning the Related Related references Light You to the the following The or dusty. You to The light flashes Turn off the and the cord. Press and the the cover, and to the cover.
the of the each of the to to off force when the or crack and become the or or to the or and the optics or other areas.
the front of the (the with the to If to or the the the back the as shown.
the the cover as shown, and clicks topic: and Related Related Light You to the the following cleaning the to or The torn or You the while the mounted to the or Turn off the and the cord.
Press and the the cover, and to the cover. the of the of to
the the as shown. the cover as shown, and clicks topic: and Related Related Light Optional and
the The of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing and the or light flashing the the topic: Related Related Optional and Specifications Information Info Light the the cool least hour the Warning: the cool to You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour.
the cover to the and the cover to the the cover.
the the to and the straight of the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the
Gently the the If easily, facing the right the assembly to the and clicks the cover.
the the cover to the right clicks, and the cover to the the cover securely or the the to to track of the topic: Related Optional and Related the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the to information. Turn the
the Remote The following the Select and The count the to hours. topic: Related the The AA or the as as they only the type of this of types, or and
the cover as shown. the If the with cloth and the If them immediately to injury. the with the and facing as shown.
Transporting the the cover and clicks Warning: of to regulations. to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related Remote The of which Follow these to or the connected to the of the following: If using the the If optional from the If the with the that included with the to the mount. the the protective that included with the the or as firm with cushioning around and the
the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and the Related Attaching the
the these sections the Projection Light the or Remote Network Not Where to If the properly, turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the operating. The this If of these technical topic:
Light The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the light light lights light light LAN light
light light light light and On Normal operation. Flashing Warming to appear. or Flashing network or the light to the Flashing The function Flashing The off and cool Flashing too that the and lights with or Clean or the the too
light light light and Flashing Flashing or overheated and turned off. turned off to cool Flashing The indicated lights that the and with or Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and to or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. that the and with or If operating the high High that the Direction correct. If the the and
light light light light and Flashing Clean the Flashing Flashing flow through the or Flashing to the securely Flashing Flashing The indicated its and to the Flashing mismatched. Flashing Flashing or Turn the off, and Flashing Flashing or Turn the off, and If the lights the the off, and lights or the of the that the and with or Clean or the If the the and
topic: Related Where to Related Cleaning the the the You the and information from the the The the following information: Information The operating Source information Information information Network Wired Wired LAN Network Wireless LAN the and The firmware
the Information about If or warning appears the Press arrow to the to its the the topic: Related Where to Follow these to the Turn the the light the Press the or right arrow to the Press the or arrow to the topic:
the You the and the the Press the right or arrow to the Press the arrow to the Press the or right arrow to the Press the arrow to the Lighting Press the or right arrow to the of the seconds). topic: Selections the information about the and its operation. Information Selection the information the of this topic Source the currently BNC HDMI DVI-D SDI LAN HDBaseT
Selection On-Screen On the the On- to the or the the function the AC the the type each On the operating of On the operating of Select the option currently selected Source both selected selected selected selected
Selection Source the currently BNC the of the input the input the of the input the of the input the of the input the polarity the type Detected the of the input (Normal) the of the (Expanded) Information HDMI DVI-D SDI LAN HDBaseT Normal Expanded
Selection 5V the of 5V TMDS Clock the TMDS of the input TMDS the of the input TMDS the of the input 5CFHMP123 the factors of Stable the amount of operating the input HDCP Non-HDCP the HDCP HDCP information about each HDCP type HDCP AKSV HDCP AVI Info VIC the VIC information (AVI) of the input AVI InfoChecksum OK the AVI NG HDMI the Encoding RGB the information (AVI) of the YUV4:4:4 input Passed DVI YUV4:2:2 YUV4:2:0
Selection HDBaseT Quality the information from the Network Wired Selection the to the when connected to HDBaseT the the LAN LAN DHCP the DHCP IP the IP IP the IP MAC the MAC Network Wireless Selection the to the when connected to the to when the Advanced and wireless LAN SSID the SSID IP the IP
Selection SSID the SSID IP the IP DHCP the DHCP MAC the MAC Security the security the reception Selection the operation the of the operation of PR the of PR the operation of Selection the the firmware information WPA2-PSK WPA/WPA2-PSK
Selection the the LCD Lighting Selects the of the to information OK The operating Warm-up The The Cool The cooling high occurred occurred occurred (S) occurred (P) (S) occurred (P) (S) occurred (P)
(S) occurred (P) occurred internal occurred occurred Iris occurred Airflow occurred occurred cooling occurred Warning high warning occurred Warning warning the occurred occurred Warning (S) warning occurred the indicated or or Warning (P) Warning (S) Warning (P) Warning occurred Warning Warning occurred Direction Warning The of the type and it the Mismatch type occurred; the type of or both and Clean occurred; the
the topic: Related Optional and Light You information to the Turn the Press the the You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the topic: the these sections with Appears Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect topic:
Appears Appears If appears, the following Press the button the to the temporarily off. securely connected and the the and connected Press the to from or connected or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when buttons the the receivers turned with reduce the from from using off DirectX topic: Related Related Quality Related Unlocking the If the appears, the following Press the Search and seconds to appear.
From PC From Turn the connected or and its to necessary. Check the from the to If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: Related If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the try the If the displayed the and the to the and or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to or topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Click the Select the checkbox. topic: Appears
"Not Supported" Appears Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, topic: Related Supported If appears, the following Press the the to the selected the the screen used. the the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the the to to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: Related Supported Related the the
the Not the or Static If the try the following the directly front of the of the facing squarely, the using the Correction topic: Related Related references If the to interference or the following the connecting or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not connected to than or HDMI the the to they match the If the and Reduction Select and refresh that with the If projecting from the the to the tracking and If the the and manually the Tracking and If the using the the Sharpness to If connected try without to caused interference the topic: Related references
the or Blurry Supported Related From PC From If the or blurry, the following the Clean the To the the from the to the enough to the and directly front of the the that the the Sharpness to quality. If from the the to the tracking and If or the and manually the Tracking and the to the the If from topic: Related Quality Projection Related Focusing the the Cleaning the
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect or Remote If the too or light, or the incorrect, try the following Press the the to try the and the the the input such as Brightness Advanced and selected the or the the securely connected to the and If connected connecting If the ECO try selecting Normal the If only switch to the enough to the If the to topic: Related Related Quality the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the Remote to topic:
to or Shut-Off to with the Remote If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons locked security. Unlock the or the to the The the and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. Press the to the If the off, the light flashing and the light the overheated and off. the this light the and securely. If the the the its and the Remote turned the to the through RS-232 or LAN or scheduled the ID switch the to topic: or Related Light Related Unlocking the If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the batteries. operating the within the reception and of the the or
to to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or the optional attached to the Remote If the connected to the the the If off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with the Remote the to Normal the that with the the the to On using the optional If the another from topic: or Related Optional and Remote If or the following You turned protection without first using the If incorrect too and write the and to the the and of ownership the If and the ID or the following: ID: EPSONWEB If the from
Network Not Where to topic: or If to with the the following the turned and connected to the correctly. (If the the correctly the or the software. the to Communication On the software the topic: Related Wired Network Projection Wireless Network Projection Related references Network Network If to technical services, the following options. (U.S.) or to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM,
and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or of the or the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical of Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications Supported of Poly-silicon TFT active (WUXGA) F=1.65 to length: to
Brightness light and white brightness (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO Z9870NL Normal White light or (ISO light or ECO White light or (ISO White light or (ISO light or Z11005NL Normal White light or (ISO light or ECO White light or (ISO White light or (ISO light or
Z9800WNL Normal White light or (ISO light output or ECO White light output or (ISO White light or (ISO light or Z9900WNL Normal White light or (ISO light or ECO White light or (ISO White light or (ISO light output or
Z11000WNL Normal White light or (ISO light or ECO White light output or (ISO White light or (ISO light or Z9750UNL Normal White light or (ISO light or ECO White light or (ISO White light or (ISO light or
ratio to (with Iris High Normal and and inches to inches aspect Z9870UNL Normal White light or (ISO light or ECO White light or (ISO White light or (ISO light or Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL Normal White light or (ISO light or ECO White light or (ISO White light or (ISO light or
Specifications inches to inches Projection aspect rear, ceiling-mounted aspect ratio (width-to-height) Powered, ratio to (Tele-to-Wide) Z9870NL/Z9800WNL/Z9750UNL topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) (Normal Z9900WNL/Z9870UNL (Normal Z11005NL/Z11000WNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL (Normal (ECO
Specifications Specifications Normal Z9870NL/Z9800WNL/Z9750UNL to about hours Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications Reception or AA topic: Technical Specifications Height inches and inches inches to about hours Z9900WNL/Z9870UNL to about hours Z11005NL/Z11000WNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL to about hours ECO to about hours
Specifications Z9870NL/Z9800WNL/Z9750UNL (including topic: Technical Specifications Rated supply to VAC Z11005NL/Z9900WNL/Z11000WNL/Z9870UNL/ Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL Z9870NL/Z9800WNL/Z9750UNL to Z9900WNL/Z9870UNL to Z11005NL/Z11000WNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL to
to V; using Z9870NL/Z9800WNL/Z9750UNL Normal to V; Z9870NL/Z9800WNL/Z9750UNL Normal topic: Technical Specifications ECO Z9900WNL/Z9870UNL Normal ECO Z11005NL/Z11000WNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL Normal ECO (Communication (Communication On) ECO Z9900WNL/Z9870UNL Normal ECO Z11005NL/Z11000WNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL Normal ECO (Communication On)
Specifications and Specifications Supported (relative, to condensing) to to topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other to automatically. to F to C) to with to ECO or Interlock to F to C) to with to Normal to F to C) from to with to ECO or Interlock to F to C) from to with to Normal to F to C) to with High UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA SXGA+ WSXGA+ UXGA WUXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" TV (NTSC)
Refresh TV (PAL) TV (SECAM) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV DVI-D, HDMI, and optional HDBaseT input VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ WSXGA+ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV
Refresh HDTV HDTV HDTV SDI input SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV 3G-SDI Z9870NL and Z11005NL) Compatible with VESA CVT-RB (Reduced input Z9750UNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL only) input Z9750UNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL Z9870UNL/Z10000UNL/Z10005UNL topic: Specifications
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Source Software Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products topic: Notices the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the interface, and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and using the the when the The bright light front of the the bright light the or the its or while to the optional and the than or back. If the mounted or should technicians using mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the of heat, high-voltage wires, or of the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the outlet where the easily the following when the the with the the the the when disconnecting the to the when outlets, cords, or to comply with these fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners, containing or such as thinner, or the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of cover the with or tablecloth. If the least inches of the and the the closed-in provided.
allow of to the near the of the If using or least inches of the to allow You to clean the and or to the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or to or or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. or the where to or shock. the where or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C) of or or to F to C) higher Doing and to or the where to
the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the that become warped or heat the or to the while to the while the its off, the disconnected from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to the of such as candle, or the the or other This the or fire. the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to contained the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from or mouth when the cover. If of or mouth, immediately. the to the when using the to the from becoming or The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Restriction of topic: Notices
Restriction of FCC this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please this topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Source Software CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices EPSON and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. and TM and TM and SM and SM service of America, Inc. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. HDBaseT TM and the HDBaseT of the HDBaseT and of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL as the
These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools EPSON The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to using other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of software, to to that the freedom to of software (and charge
this service wish), that or that the software or of free and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this free software. If the software and its to know that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, clear that everyone's free or The and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another included without the Each as Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the output from the covered its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the
You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the terms of Section that of these You the to that the and the of change. You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the of Sections and that of the following: with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software or,
with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically machine-readable of the to distributed the of Sections and software or, Accompany with the information as to the offer to (This allowed only and only received the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its and or the or based redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the
would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS How to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to software which everyone redistribute and these To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright of author> This software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should received of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when interactive
Copyright of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of Coon>, of This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL as the These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13
The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the library. Also, the and the should know that what they
the that the author's affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the users of restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such only the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that the as non-free this there to the free to software only, the other to non-free of people to of free software. to the GNU C free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the user of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that using of the Library. The terms and copying, and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized it distributed the terms of this "this Each as "library" of software and/or as to with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the terms of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of You the whole of the to to third the terms of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its
function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then specify that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this
that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to If such and accessors, and and functions or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that of choice, that the of the the customer's and such You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: Accompany the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to the to the shared with the Library. that of the the rather than copying functions the and properly with of the library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with.
the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the already of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the terms of the Sections with the combined of the fact that of it based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its and or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these terms and You further the of
the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the only both and this would to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which people to the of software through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to it and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation;
this. the of the of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these terms (or, alternatively, the of the ordinary To apply these the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU
You should received of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., hereby copyright the written Random of Coon>, of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California, Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG
The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software copyright Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software the responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the terms of the Software Foundation; that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence arithmetic without or this reason, from the free JPEG software. arithmetic the
that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the LZW GIF reading altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics Format the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. of and copyright Copyright Copyright Andreas Copyright Inc.) This of the of this and the the that included the distribution, the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this This released the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors
S. Raymond and with the following to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory performance, and with the through March Copyright and to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Andreas Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc. the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of
The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. "png_get_copyright" function "about" boxes and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. March This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of
of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including applications, and to it and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would plainly as such, and as the software. This or from If the would to The free without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute that include the history information Apache-2.0 This includes the software which the following used) terms as follows.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the terms and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this (I) the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution."
"Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution received and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without modifications, and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You own copyright to and or and reproduction, or of modifications, or such
Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the terms and of this without or Notwithstanding the nothing or the terms of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without warranties or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of using or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge fee of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this such obligations, You only and responsibility, of other and You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of accepting such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following boilerplate with the with information. (Don't include the The text should the the
that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Brian Worcester, UK. rights LICENSE TERMS The redistribution and of this software (with or without allowed without the of or that: include the copyright this of and the following include the copyright this of and the following their the of the copyright to products built this software without written DISCLAIMER
This software 'as with or warranties of its including, to, and/or This includes the software which the and owner of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from its copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Incorporated Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the terms and of the BSD This the hope that it WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the warranties of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and only or replicated with the of Inc. University of California, Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T. to and this software without fee granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright Rights to and this software and its and without fee granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Devices Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the 29K Technical 800-29-29-AMD the USA, or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products E. White TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's (C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this
Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written representations about the of this software Copyright (C) to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with changes. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA USA of Copyright of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L. Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. Moshier
to and this software without fee hereby granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ Copyright (C) DJ rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the of the of, the software and terms of correctness, accuracy, currentness, or otherwise; and the software, and
IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. using Copyright IA, rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. Copyright M. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A.
rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc. Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AREDISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
MIT This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the "MIT The "MIT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of MIT of of each which of the copyright to the "MIT as follows. granted, of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish,distribute, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. TOPPERS/JSP This includes the software "TOPPERS/JSP" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP". The "TOPPERS/JSP" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TOPPERS/JSP of of each which of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP" as follows.
TOPPERS/JSP Platform Profile Copyright (C) and Laboratory of JAPAN Copyright (C) and Laboratory School of Information JAPAN. The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, of the following satisfied. The copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution The TOPPERS to which the of otherwise. The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. The TOPPERS what shown the that to to software TINET
This includes the software "TINET" which the and of the copyright to the "TINET". The "TINET" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TINET terms of of each which of the copyright to the "TINET" as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution. mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgement: This includes software the University of California, and its Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. TINET and TOPPERS TINET (TCP/IP
Copyright Notice Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, following satisfied. The copyright these of and the following stipulation of accompanying redistribution The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products.
Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each user to and of the copyright when using While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-40856R1 topic: Copyright Notice