Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The includes these features: Bright, high-resolution to of light and of white (white light light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO Native of USB and Wired and HDMI 1/MHL and HDMI or PC shows connected USB memory VGA and Easy-to-use and operation features and correction displays and Direct On and Screen
Additional Optional and to the to the following To or A/V or purchase information. To You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI You purchase from or authorized To that includes only DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple options. and through the HDMI To HDMI MHL, MHL or HDMI and MHL with Devices with integrated MHL To with from with or purchase information. topic: You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or offers the following optional and Option or (ELPLP77) V13H010L77 (ELPAF41) V13H134A41 ELPSC80 Universal mount ELPMBPJF
Warranty and Information Notations Used the Option or ELPMBP01 ELPMBP02 HDMI AV22300-03 HDMI AV22300-06 ELPKC19 Soft carrying V12H001K65 to the 1-year and service topic: with basic warranty that with the warranty that with offers free Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service the CD or this epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic: Follow the these as followed to injury. to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to
Where to Additional Information Locations using where to Press the the or to to (U.S) or and to technical hours instructions the Network If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related to Optional and Related the Check the to learn about the Rear Remote topic: Introduction to
A/V Foot release foot A/V Remote cover cover Screen
Rear cover lights the of the topic: Locations Network LAN RS-232C Computer2 Security Remote HDMI HDMI 1/MHL
Computer1 USB-B USB-A topic: Locations Mounting Security Rear foot topic: Locations
Parts Source Search (searches connected (selects buttons and arrow information) buttons buttons screen and arrow buttons topic: Locations Related Light
Remote through connected through connected Screen numbers) and
Aspect (selects the aspect (when switches buttons to function) Arrow buttons through on-screen options and wireless (selects options and wireless buttons buttons and of the A/V off and sound) (splits the information) action) buttons (activates on-screen and wireless ID (selects and ID (selects MHL (displays or the MHL LAN (selects USB through connected USB Source Search (searches connected topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the Remote the Cover You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or mount. of around and the and top of or to that the the within reach of grounded outlet or cord. and Projection topic: the You or the following
Rear Rear Wherever the to front of the of the If from the or from the rear, to the option the topic:
Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to approximately to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or Aspect Ratio or or Projection to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to topic:
Connecting to Sources You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that USB or HDMI such as DVD players, and smartphones with If or includes sound, input necessary. shows or without USB (such as or or optional If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to Connecting to Connecting to USB topic: the Related Product Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to MHL-Compatible Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic:
Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to If HDMI to the optional HDMI The HDMI the quality. the HDMI to HDMI the other to of the HDMI The the from the internal or connecting to topic: Connecting to Sources If smartphone or it to the using MHL or HDMI with MHL If with built-in MHL directly the HDMI 1/MHL connected when MHL the MHL or to If using MHL it to HDMI the other of the to the HDMI 1/MHL The the from the internal or to
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source topic: Connecting to Sources If to the using optional to with the to or If these to the VGA to the the screws the VGA If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Optional and If to the using optional or A/V the with the to the other to the
Connecting to Source Sound Connecting to Sources topic: Connecting to Sources You sound through the If using the to the optional or RCA If the the to the RCA If connected to the using HDMI the with the sound. the to of the following: the other of the to the that to the the and white the other of the to the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to USB and Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to USB Connecting to Sound
Connecting to USB and topic: If the and output to the through the USB (preferably USB the to USB HDMI recommended high Turn the to USB-B the other to USB of the following: Click EPSON_PJ_UD when appears the then EMP_UDSE.EXE the that appears to the USB software. EMP_UDSE.EXE the that appears to the USB software. XP as appear and the the USB software OS The USB appears Select USB and follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software. Follow on-screen instructions. You to this software only the first the to the If XP and to The displays the from and sound,
Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and topic: Connecting to Sources Related USB You the to using VGA To that includes only DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the VGA Apple options. If necessary, the VGA to the other to the the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources If HDMI to the optional HDMI To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple options. and through the HDMI the HDMI to HDMI
Connecting to USB Connecting to Sound the other to of the HDMI The the from the internal or to topic: Connecting to Sources If connected to USB-B or HDMI the the to as wireless This from To this, the to USB connected already. the USB to USB-B the other to USB If necessary, to with USB topic: Connecting to Sources Related the as Wireless If includes sound and to the USB-B or HDMI sound through the optional as
Connecting to the to headphone or or or the other to the that to the topic: Connecting to Sources To the sound from the to You the the You the to with If to from the when the turned off, to Communication On the and On the A/V the The built-in when or to the with both and as necessary. the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary. the of the to topic:
Connecting to Connecting to USB Devices USB Projection If connected to the to the This the when the If to to when the turned off, to Communication On as the and On as the A/V the that refresh than to correctly. connected to the the to topic: Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the topic: You and other without or of these to USB flash or smartphone USB
Connecting USB or to the USB memory or smartphones USB-mounted and USB Class-compliant. USB these USB USB Class supported) Formatted FAT or FAT32 Self-powered their AC recommended) You the PC to shows containing converted and and them from connected USB or memory topic: Connecting to USB Related topics PC You USB or to the USB-A and to and other If USB with the the USB (or USB or USB memory to the USB-A USB or USB than or the correctly.
Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the the Remote the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics Projecting PC You switch the to the connected to the USB-A the connected USB turned necessary. Press the USB the Press the to through other USB topic: Connecting to USB Devices with connected USB or to the from the If the off and the Disconnect the USB or from the topic: Connecting to USB Devices The the AA that with the the type of specified this of types, or and
the cover. the with the and facing as shown.
the Cover the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the To the cover, the A/V clicks the
topic: the
the Network Wired Network Projection Connecting to Wired Network Follow the instructions these sections to Wired Network Projection Network SNMP You to through wired To this, the to and then and connecting and the as and the Network software to Download and the Network instructions. If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly through the the Network Projection software. Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network topic: the Network To the to wired (LAN), 100Base-TX or 10Base-T To shielded or of the to switch, or router. the other of the to the LAN
Selecting Wired Network topic: Wired Network Projection from the the its already connected the to wired the LAN Turn the Press the Select the Network and Network and
Select the and Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the to characters the to characters the the security to to the the with You displayed, randomized from the Network software to the the displayed to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them.
Network Select the Wired LAN and If necessary, IP and Select IP as necessary: If assigns automatically, the DHCP If manually, off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To highlight the from the the arrow buttons the To highlighted To of the IP the off IP selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Wired Network Projection You the to the there with the Press the button. Select the Network and
Network and Select the and Turn the IP the SMTP option. these or through (where from to Select the SMTP from to Choose field, the and the to there. to three to characters selecting Complete and follow the instructions to and the If to Network topic: the Network
Network SNMP with and selected to containing the following information: the The of the The IP of the affected information about the If to topic: Network Network SNMP Network software they If this software, the SNMP Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the Others and
to IP to SNMP notifications, using to each field. these or through (where from to If the Priority Gateway If AMX turn the AMX Discovery to allow the to detected. If the to allow the to detected. If connecting to the selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: the Network Once connected to and This the remotely. The and Microsoft or and that You of the or using If to Communication On to and the the turned or connected to the the IP the and the You to the If user and (The EPSONWEB and the You the
To the of the and follow the on-screen instructions. To remotely, the Remote option. You this: Selects Selects and HDMI A/V and Searches Selects the Selects the USB or USB Closed Caption Select the to the function to
topic: the Network If the and the and You the when information topic: the Network To and using and to the If to the when the turned off, to the the ECO Press the Select the Network and Network and
Select the Others and the to On to allow the to selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Turn off the then to the topic: Once to and to the the IP the browser's and the
You this Select the input that to the Sources You through using the and arrows the To remotely, the buttons that to the buttons. You through options the of the These on-screen buttons directly to the buttons: OK acts as the displays the To information about the the Info To and the the displayed and selecting to the topic:
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to basic features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the Height the with the Focusing the the Focusing the with Remote Selecting Source Aspect Ratio the with the Projecting PC Related Turn the or to the the
the cover. the to the the With Direct On turned the as as
Turning the The light This that the Press the the or the to turn the The and the light flashes as the Once the the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and If right the following: the cover the Turn the connected or DVD or other and the button, necessary. Press the Source Search the or to the Press the the the topic: turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness using the A/V the To off the turn off the Press the the or the The displays
Press the (To other The the off, and the light off. With there cool-down the right necessary). To or the the light off, then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing.
Selecting the the the cover. topic: If to the and another the Turn the Press the
the Height Select the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: If from or other and the too high or the height the Turn the and
To the front foot, the foot release and the front of the The foot from the Release the to the foot. If the the to their height. If the projected to the topic: Related Related
Shape Correcting with You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the correction corrects effects when the Automatically Correcting with Correcting with the Correcting with Corner topic: You the to the and of to The the and these mounted the inches or Projection about to Projection about right or or or The too The and the Press the the or You the the as to the the of the the its yellow the of the Press the Screen
Correcting Shape with the displays then this appears: the as using the arrow buttons the finished, necessary, the corners individually using Corner the arrow buttons the topic: Related Correcting with Corner the with the You the correction buttons to the of that the Turn the and You to the the You the the the the assigned to this button).
Press of these buttons the to the Press the to the correction, slightly If the of reach, the with the the the topic: Shape Related
Correcting Shape with Corner You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and You to the the You the the the the assigned to this Press the Select the and
the with the Select the and Select the Corner and Then You the Corner the arrow buttons the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow to the as necessary. finished, topic: Related Turn the and You to the the You the the the the assigned to this
Focusing the the Focusing the with To or reduce the the topic: Turn the and You to the the You the the the the assigned to this button). To the the topic: You the to the these Screen inches or The too bright
within the and to to Press the the
Remote You this: Turn the the If necessary, to the topic: The the from anywhere the to You the or the front or back of the
that the the receivers within the the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the the Remote as Wireless the Remote as topic: Related the Remote
the Remote as You the as wireless from the the to the USB-B or HDMI to If connected to other than the USB-B USB to the USB-B and to USB wireless the following buttons the to To through or the or buttons. To the the the arrow buttons. To left-click, the once it to To right-click, the To the as the with the arrow buttons, then release the topic: Remote Related
the Remote as Selecting Source You the as to information the The arrow, the Press the the the arrow buttons the to the the Press to clear the from the topic: Remote Related If connected to the such as and DVD player, to switch from to the other. the connected to turned DVD or other and its necessary.
of the following: Press the Source Search the or the from the Press the the the If there than that the to through the HDMI, and MHL USB and
Projection the the Remote Network topic: the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and the the Remote the Projection the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and the A/V the seconds. The and reappears top-to-bottom.
the Projection the Aspect Ratio To back to the the A/V seconds topic: Projection You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right the Turn the and Press the Select the and Select the Projection and Select and Press or to the topic: Projection The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the
the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios If to aspect ratio input the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related You the aspect ratio of the to Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the displayed and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input
the Aspect ratio Normal the and the aspect ratio of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to the of the the aspect the of the and the aspect ratio of the Native as (aspect ratio and The aspect ratio HDMI and MHL topic: Aspect Ratio The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input the the Turning On Iris topic: Related Quality You the using the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary.
Turning On Iris Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input bright BrightCinema with closed bright topic: the Iris to the based the of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the
the with the Select the and Select the Iris and On You Iris or off each that the You the Iris when using Closed Caption Press or to the topic: You the the or the to the as with The buttons the or connected to the You the each connected input Turn the and that includes
Projecting PC Supported PC To or the the buttons the or these the appears the To the to input the topic: You PC whenever USB that This and easily and it using the Supported PC Starting from PC PDF Starting from Slideshow topic: Related USB Projection Related Connecting USB or to the You these of the PC
that FAT16/32. If from formatting the instead. You to the security USB with PC features. type the the the the from using PDF the the topic: PC CMYK Highly Animated PDF or Encrypted with other than PCM or ADPCM than 2GB
Starting from connecting USB or to the switch to the USB input and You the PC operation options or effects highlighting Option the of the and pressing Press the USB the The PC appears. the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and
Starting PC PDF of the following: To the arrow to highlight the and (Press the to to the To of the the arrow buttons to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and If than characters or include the shortened or only the While the following commands to the as necessary: To the or arrow To to the or previous the or right arrow To the follow the on-screen instructions or the topic: Projecting PC Related Disconnecting USB or From the USB to the switch to the USB input and PDF You the following while PDF from USB Release JPEG2000 effects, 3D artwork, or Press the USB the
The PC appears. the following as to If to the arrow to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and To the first of PDF the arrow buttons to highlight the and (Press the to to the If than characters or include the shortened or the If PDF the appear the While PDF the following commands to the as necessary: To to the or the or arrow
Starting from To of to from, the Then the or right arrow to and To the of to the Press to to To displayed the or right arrow To the the the or arrow to highlight EXIT and topic: PC connecting USB or to the switch to the USB input and You the PC options highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the The PC appears.
Slideshow the following as to If to the arrow to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and To back the arrow buttons to highlight the and If than characters or include the shortened or the If to back the the Slideshow option the of the To playback, the highlight and topic: PC Related Disconnecting USB or From the You these options when the Slideshow
Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Sorts last-to-first Continuous On continuously through Switching the to Seconds the selected and switches to the automatically; high switch slightly with with of effects topic: Projecting PC
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security Projecting You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the this the If the and sound off than the off. You this and off the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V You the A/V the topic:
Action Temporarily and of Related You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the Press the the You crosshair the indicating the of the
Security Security the following buttons the to the the arrow to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the as necessary. Press and the to To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to operation of the the buttons the Security cabling to the Security the Security topic: You these of security On Protection from the without first Protection from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Network Protection from the the Protection from the or
Selecting Security to the to topic: Security To security, the the about seconds or this Press the arrow to and You the the Select and Press and the the and the buttons to
Selecting Security The displays as as Then the the You the accepted." Press to to the of the and topic: Security this allowing to the security to If this the the about seconds or the appears. To unauthorized of the On Protection On and To to the or related Protection On and To to Network Protection On and To to the or Protection On and to the to the to the
to the topic: Security If and On Protection to whenever the This appear when the turned You the to the Press and the the while the the buttons. The screen
to If the incorrect, the following You and to the to proceed. If incorrect the displays and to to the Support, the displayed and of ownership the topic: Security You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily (using the A/V This the The as the photo, graphic, or which useful the to theft. You to the protection the to as the Press the the and Select the and You to the displayed as
Select and You selection the arrow the to surround the to as the and You to this Select and (If to the selected and the You the factor Select and You to the as the Select and You Press to the Select the and Select and when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever the and to On To whenever the A/V A/V and to To from the without first and security.
the Unlocking the topic: Security You the the to from the You the buttons or the the Press the Select the and Select the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the You Select and Unlocking the topic: Security If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them.
Security topic: the You of security the to theft. the security the to lock. or purchase information. the security the to and to or heavy through the security when mounting the or topic: Security Related Rear You To this, to each and to the Then the once or individually. You match the to each other. least inches of the to them from overheating.
the ID the Remote ID the ID the Remote ID Matching Quality topic: If to from each ID. Press the Select the and Select ID and the arrow buttons the to the to the Then these the other to from topic: The ID to If to the to to the ID to match the ID. Turn the the to operate with exclusively.
Matching Quality know the ID as the ID the that the ID the while the that matches the ID. Then release the buttons. Press the ID the to the You displayed the If the as On the ID to the If the as the ID properly. the to the ID to match the to You the ID to match the ID each the to topic: You match the of that to each other. Turn the which to match the quality. ID each the the It to match the ID to match the first
Press the button, the and Select the and the to and the ID to match the Access the the and the to the Brightness Correct. the with the matches the and (You to switch the ID back and forth to to each of these the to each this match the to the the Brightness Correct. and the the Correct. G/R and blue-to-yellow B/Y the both the If to match these matching to to and topic: Related references
Related the You the to from to each other. You the the or the While the other and to both Press the the The currently selected input to the of the Press the You this To input the other the Source the input and (You necessary.)
To switch the the and To the the option, and to the input the appear the choose the To choose the to hear, the Source option, and to Select to hear from the or the To the the or topic: You command, such as turning the or off or switching input as You when the to the command. The Protection the Protection turned off to Editing topic: You commands to and them as Press the the and Select the and The appears. Select the and
Scheduled Select New and the section, the to (Select that to the section, the and the scheduled to finished, and To the previous Select and to changes. topic: You currently scheduled Press the Select the and the and You this: The boxes the the following about the Reoccurring on/off
Editing Scheduled topic: You currently Press the Select the and Select the and You this: Press the or right arrow buttons to highlight the the containing the scheduled to Press the or arrow buttons to highlight the to and Select of the following: On/Off or the selected the the selected Clear the selected New scheduled finished, and and to To and topic:
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Network Network ECO Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or You the the
Quality Press the or arrow to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the displayed Press the or arrow to through the the the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the the the of the input currently The the currently selected input To input the connected and that
the of the of Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the of the Varying the of to tones the Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of Varying the tone based Advanced options the and intensity of the Iris the based the brightness Normal when the The Brightness brightness. To the the topic: the Related and High selected; High correction fast-moving
Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input You the of the Tracking and the the To input the connected and that On Automatically (when On) the input using the option Tracking Varying to Normal
Varying to or right the location the whether to interlaced-to-progressive Reduction Reduces NR1 HDMI the to match the of the to Normal the HDMI input fast-moving NR2 Expanded the graphics, and Normal normally from other than selected the of the too bright Expanded normally from selected the too
the type from input connected to RGB the type from the input connected to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- the ratio to the or Processing speed/quality The Reduction the following: the Processing option to the to Selected RGB or input topic: the height the selected input RGB corrects corrects
Related references Aspect Ratios the features. The the currently selected input H/V to and Corner vertically) H/V manually and or correction or off Corner to and using on-screen
Screen Screen the and displays Source locking to the Three the of the Varying the of the or Remote reception of the selected receiver; Rear off receivers Assigns option to the the Info one-touch to Source buttons Front/Rear Closed Caption buttons the buttons
to focusing and the and correcting to topic: the Related Correcting with Corner Projecting the the features that its operation.
Selects options Closed Caption of and selects the closed CC1 type (closed only Creates that the displays to and security Projection Selects the the the the oriented correctly Background whether the A/V Background selects the or to when CC2 NTSC connected through the or Rear Rear Screen whether appears when the A/V selects the or to when A/V turned
Direct On Selects options High Direct On the without Source Search the On High the operating Source Search the that input when the turned On the turning connected to the the and optionally, Daylight the from Coordinated Universal (UTC), and through and
A/V A/V Selects the following when the (turned off): ID Assigns ID the when through to Matches and of Brightness Correct. options the and Selects the and displays option) HDMI1 A/V The On HDMI2 the and while when to Communication On Correct. and Selects the input when from the and USB-A HDMI1 and HDMI2 Selects which when from the HDMI 1/MHL and HDMI the
Network Network the Protection option the Protection to On related to the topic: the Related Related topics the Network network information and the and
ECO Info Wired LAN wired and DHCP Network Accesses topic: the the ECO to power-saving appears to the IP Gateway MAC
Selects the brightness of the Normal On Automatically the of inactivity to the On Automatically off the the cover closed A/V On Automatically off the A/V Communication On Communication On that the Communication when the this to allow the following operations to when the Normal ECO brightness ECO reduces brightness and and and and the and to (A/V to On
Information Info ECO On the of the to the power-saving when the brightness topic: the You information about the and input the Info the Select to the firmware Select Info to the below. the input The hours the least hours.
ID Information item the of hours the Normal and ECO the information displayed yellow, Source the of the to which the input connected the input of the input the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service technician information about that service the ID the ID to the of ID ID topic: the Related Optional and Specifications If the ID option the Info displays this of ID the to the associated with the ID and The Network Projection Turn the off and then
ID and Unstable the and try connecting to the the the Network Communication with disconnected. the Network The Network Projection unexpectedly. the then the off and then 04FE occurred. Turn the off and then 04FF to DHCP the DHCP operating correctly. If using DHCP, off the DHCP the Network occurred. restarting the Network and restarting If that the topic: Information Info You of the to their the option the
You the to when the using the option. You the following the option: Network items topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to Transporting the to its You to clean the periodically, and clean the and to the from overheating to The should the and batteries. If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the and the topic: and Transporting the Clean the periodically, or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the and To cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or to the and the to or the touching the with to or to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: to with easily user-replaceable to and the If when the the reached high this warning appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Cleaning the and the topic:
Cleaning the and the Clean the or they or to them. Turn off the and the cord. Gently the using or (such as paintbrush). You the both of the or or to The or and the optics or other areas. If to or the the topic: and You to the the following cleaning the to or The torn or You the while the mounted to the or Turn off the and the cord.
the cover and the cover. the of the of to
the the as shown and gently clicks the cover. topic: and Related Optional and The of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing the the topic: Related Optional and Specifications
the the the least hour the Warning: the to injury. You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. removing to injury.
the cover and off. the screws the to the The screws the
the and the of the The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the Gently the the If easily, facing the right Press the the assembly to
the and the screws to the cover and the screw to the cover securely or the the to to of the topic: Related the
the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the Select the and Select Hours and You to the hours. Select and Press or to the topic: Related the
the The AA or batteries. the as as they the type of this of types, or and the cover as shown. the batteries. Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to
the with the and facing as shown. the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related references Remote
Transporting the The of which Follow these to or the the cover to the connected to the the or as firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and Transporting the
Projection the these sections using the Projection Light the or Sound or Remote You Access the Through the Network Not to If the properly, turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the operating. The this If of these technical topic:
Light The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the light light light light light light light light and Normal operation Flashing Warming to appear or
light light light light and Flashing when the light flashing, the Flashing Flashing too Flashing overheated and turned off; turned off to about then the following: that the and with or Clean or the the too that the and with or Clean or the If operating the high turn High If the the and
light light light light and Flashing Flashing Flashing the to Flashing Flashing or Flashing Flashing Flashing Iris the off, Flashing turn the off, and Flashing Flashing turn the If the lights the the off, and topic: using the the off, and and off, and to the or incorrectly; reseat or the as Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and
the or Sound Related Where to Related Cleaning the and the the You information to using the Turn the Press the the or the You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the topic: the these sections with or sound. Appears Incorrect the USB Function Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect
Appears to Sound topic: If appears, the following the cover the or off. Press the A/V the to the temporarily off. securely connected and the the and connected Press the to from or Also connected or Press the If the to there with the or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the buttons locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when buttons the the receivers turned with reduce the from from off DirectX topic: or Sound Related Quality Related Unlocking the
Incorrect the USB Function Appears If appears or the appears incorrectly the USB function, the following Press the USB the the USB software correctly. manually necessary. With OS X, the USB the or from the Applications with reduce the from from off DirectX If the the of the smooth the USB with Turn off the layered the USB the of the USB software. You the from the to (U.S.) or and topic: or Sound Related If the appears, the following Press the Source Search and seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, turn the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound
From PC From "Not Supported" Appears Related topics Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the If the displayed the and the to the and or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to or topic: Appears Related topics Connecting to Sources If the when from to the the Preferences and Click the Select the topic: Appears Related topics Connecting to Sources If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the
Appears the Not the the and If necessary, try the to the lowest and then increase as necessary. topic: or Sound Related Supported If appears, the following Press the the to the the the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the the to to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related Supported If the the following Turn the the directly front of the of the facing squarely, If the height the the buttons the to the
the or Static Press the and the the on-screen the Corner to the topic: or Sound Related Related Automatically Correcting Shape with Correcting with the Correcting Shape with Corner If the to interference or the following the or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not connected to than or HDMI the the to they match the If the and Reduction Select and refresh that with the If from the the to the tracking and If the the and manually the Tracking and If the using the the Sharpness to If without to caused interference the If the USB function, off the the USB topic: or Sound
the or Blurry Related Supported Related From PC From Related topics Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources If the or blurry, the following the Clean the To the the from the to the enough to the the the that the using the the from the or the manually. Turn the the Sharpness to If from the the to the and If or the and manually the Tracking and If from try or to match the topic: or Sound Related
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect Quality Related Focusing the the Cleaning the If the too or light, or the incorrect, try the following Press the the to the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the or the the securely connected to the and If connected try shorter If the ECO try selecting Normal the At high or locations to high the become and to the the enough to the If the to the topic: or Sound Related Related Quality
to Sound or If there sound when or the too or high, the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the the the and If hear sound from HDMI the connected to PCM connected If using the USB function, the from the the USB If using and hear sound from HDMI through the HDMI If to If to connected when the off, the option to Communication On and the A/V option to On If the immediately turning off, the cooling high momentarily and This topic: or Sound the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the Remote to topic:
to or Shut-Off to with the If the when the or off unexpectedly, try the following the securely to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the or the to the If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. Press the to the and the to the If the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. the this light If the the the its and the Remote turned the The defective. Disconnect the and topic: or Remote Related Light Related Unlocking the If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the operating the within the reception and of the the or to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or
to You Access the Through the If turn off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with If the purchase another from authorized topic: or Related and Remote Related the Remote ID If or try the following You turned protection without first the If incorrect too and write the and to the the and of ownership the If the from topic: or If to the through using the ID and which the ID, EPSONWEB (You the ID.) the the the Network The to the the The ID and
Network Not Where to topic: If to with the the following the turned and connected to the correctly. (If the the correctly the or the software. the to On the software the topic: If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or of the or the of purchase (such as and of purchase
or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications USB of Poly-silicon TFT active (WUXGA) F=1.5 to reproduction to Brightness Normal ratio with Iris and Normal to inches aspect length: to White light (ISO light output brightness light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO
Specifications Projection inches to inches aspect Projection rear, ceiling-mounted aspect ratio (width-to-height) ratio to (Tele-to-Wide) sound (Normal correction or USB USB and USB or USB One USB and USB input or topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) Normal (ECO or to about hours ECO to about hours
Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications Reception to or AA topic: Technical Specifications inches inches inches topic: Technical Specifications Rated supply to VAC topic: Technical Specifications to Normal ECO (Communication On)
Specifications and Specifications Supported to F to C) (relative, to condensing) to to topic: Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other to automatically. or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh RGB) to to F to C) to to F to C) to F to C) to with High UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Refresh VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA SXGA+ WSXGA+* UXGA WUXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL) SDTV
Refresh SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI input VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ WSXGA+ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA WUXGA+ SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV MHL input
USB Refresh VGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV topic: Technical Specifications the to the USB software. XP Professional, OS OS Edition, and PC Edition or Service and and Professional, and and and and and USB USB and (USB recommended) CPU III or PC G4 or (Core or recommended) or recommended)
Memory 256MB or (512MB or 512MB or recommended) 20MB or and and or or topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Source Software Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products topic: Notices the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light front of the the bright light the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted or should technicians using mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the near of heat, wires, or of the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the where the easily the following when the the with the the the the when the to the when outlets, cords, or to with these fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the and allow to cool cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners, containing or such as thinner, or the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of cover the with or tablecloth. If the near least inches of the and the the closed-in provided.
allow of to the the of the If using or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or to or or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. or the where exposed to steam, or shock. the where or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to or the where to
the of the of to F to C) or of Doing to the anything that become warped or heat the or to the while to the while the its off, the disconnected from the and disconnected. try to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to the of such as candle, or the the or other than the cover. the cover to temporarily with the closed This the or fire. the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from or mouth when the cover. If of or mouth, immediately. The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the WARNING The included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Restriction of topic: Notices
Restriction of FCC this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please this topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Source Software CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices EPSON and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. and TM and TM and SM and SM service of Inc. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU
The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools EPSON PTP-1.00 wireless_tools.29
The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of free software, to to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these they their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this free software. If the software and its to know that what they the that introduced others the authors'
Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, clear that everyone's free or The terms and and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the terms of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the Each as Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered only its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to stating that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that redistribute the these and the
to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the of Sections and that of the following: with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software or, Accompany with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically machine-readable of the to distributed the terms of Sections and software or, Accompany with the information as to the offer to (This allowed and received the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include anything that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of
the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this However, nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the only both and this would to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this
If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to software which everyone redistribute and these terms. To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright (C) of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when interactive Copyright (C) of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of Coon>, of
This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL please These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13 DirectFB-1.4.2 The GNU as follows. You the GNU
GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of free software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the free library. Also, the and the should know that what they the that the author's affected that might introduced others.
Finally, software threat to the of free to that effectively the users of free restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other free software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the free to free software only, the other to non-free of people to of free software. to the GNU C free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. The terms and and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the to
GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the of this "this Each as "library" of software functions and/or as to conveniently with (which of those functions and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; intact the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of You the whole of the to charge to third the terms of this
If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then specify that instead wish.) other these Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that You and the (or or of Section or the terms of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and customarily software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the
that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such and and and functions or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that of choice, that the terms of the the and such modifications. You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the copyright include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the user to the of this Also, of these things: Accompany the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the user who the of the to the to the shared with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying functions the and properly with of the
library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. Accompany the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the received of these or that already this user the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include anything that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise permitted, and that these things: Accompany the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the of the Sections with the of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its and copying, or the or based
Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the only both and this would to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that only or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify choose published the Software Foundation.
If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and it to of the to the software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these terms (or, alternatively, the of the ordinary To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright (C) of author>
This software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should received of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California, Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD WPA terms of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights
This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the and owner of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES
English: that this software please know!) You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its quality, merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and accuracy. This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software the responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to only as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the
The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence arithmetic without or this reason, from the free JPEG software. (Since arithmetic only the that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the LZW GIF reading and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this This released the
through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond and with the following to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory quality, performance, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc.
the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. "png_get_copyright" function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. users.sourceforge.net March
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the required. plainly as such, and as the software. This or from distribution. If the would to The free without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute would that include the history information
Apache-2.0 This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the "Apache-2.0". The "Apache-2.0" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of Apache-2.0 used) terms of of each which of the copyright to the "Apache-2.0" as follows. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the modifications, including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types.
"Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and
You to stating that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or and reproduction, or of or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the terms and of this without terms or Notwithstanding the nothing or the of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of using or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of
the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this accepting such obligations, You and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of accepting such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: How to apply the to To apply the to the following with the with information. (Don't include the The text should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Worcester, UK. rights LICENSE TERMS The redistribution and of this software (with or without allowed without the of or that: include the copyright this of and the following include the copyright this of and the following their the of the copyright to products built this software without written DISCLAIMER This software 'as with or warranties of its including, to, and/or This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from Each its own copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Incorporated
Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the terms and of the BSD This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and or replicated with the of Inc. University of California, Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution. Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T. to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software.
THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright (C) Rights to and this software and its and without granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the 29K Technical 800-29-29-AMD the USA, or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products
E. White TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's (C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written about the of this software Copyright (C) to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G.
rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA
USA of Copyright of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L. Moshier Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. Moshier to and this software without fee granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ Copyright (C) DJ rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation
to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or representations the of, or the of the of, the software and of correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise; and the software, and IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Copyright Chuguev. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright IA, rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. Warner Copyright M. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc.
Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIT This includes the software which the terms and owner of the copyright to the "MIT The "MIT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of MIT of of each which of the copyright to the "MIT as follows. Copyright Foundation and other granted, free of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS
OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. TOPPERS/JSP This includes the software "TOPPERS/JSP" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP". The "TOPPERS/JSP" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TOPPERS/JSP toppers-pro terms of of each which of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP" as follows. TOPPERS/JSP Platform Profile Copyright (C) and Laboratory of JAPAN Copyright (C) and Laboratory School of Information JAPAN. The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these of and the following stipulation of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, of the following
The copyright these of and the following stipulation of accompanying redistribution The TOPPERS to which the of otherwise. The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. The TOPPERS what shown the that to to software TINET This includes the software "TINET" which the and of the copyright to the "TINET". The "TINET" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TINET of of each which of the copyright to the "TINET" as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
mentioning features or of this software the following acknowledgement: This includes software the University of California, and its Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. TINET and TOPPERS TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following stipulation of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, following satisfied. The copyright these terms of and the following stipulation of accompanying redistribution
The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. LICENSE ISSUES The both the of the and the SSLeay apply to the below the Actually both Source of related to please Copyright The rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the The and to or products from this software without written written please Products from this software appear their without written of the Redistributions of whatsoever the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes cryptographic software written Young This includes software written SSLeay Copyright (C) Young rights This SSL written The written as to with SSL.
This free and as as the following aheared The following apply to found this the RC4, RSA, DES, the SSL The SSL included with this covered the copyright terms that the Copyright and as such Copyright the to If this should as the author of the of the used. This the of or or with the Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgement: "This includes cryptographic software written The 'cryptographic' the from the cryptographic related If include (or thereof) from the directory include acknowledgement: "This includes software written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Copyright Notice Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution The and terms publically or of this this and another [including the GNU topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each user to and of the copyright when While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc.
CPD-43600 topic: Copyright Notice