Short Throw Wall Mount ELPMB27
Instructions the mount, of the instructions below and then this reference. Incomplete or incorrect to the or or property information, the and Instructions included with Explanation of The shown below throughout this to the of or property these when reading this Warning Precautions The mount To the mount carefully. This mounting the and optional only. anything than the and optional to the Doing the to and or property of the the should least technicians mounting Incomplete or incorrect the to and or property the office the follow the instructions this to the mount. the mount and or property Turn off the when the mount to fire or shock. the to fire or shock. the following when the with that or the with too force when routing through the the to the cover to the mount. Doing the cover to or property mount the the with the mount, the enough to the optional and the mount. This mount should Confirm the of the optional and the mount and the of the If the enough, the installation. the location where might to or shock, which to the or mounting It the to or property information that, possibly or death to incorrect information that, possibly or physical to incorrect indicating action that action that should Warning
to and the of the and optional M8 and and screws installation. the or mount and or property or caused of or installation. If to screws while to the or the mount. If the or the mount or property the mount when and that there the mount. the mount or heavy If the mount or the or property Stop the mount and Customer Service of the following The mount or The from the or If apply to the screws from or or the mount, the housing crack and the to or property Tighten screws the or mount and or property the and Confirm that the screws become If screws, them firmly. the or mount and or property the location free from and to the and from becoming dirty. the location where the operating of the might exceeded. the location where there or cooking or heating or location to or or shock force when the too force or property Warning English
This mounting the following throw to EB-435W/EB-430/EB-425W/EB-420/ Choosing Location where the mount and the location Also, there of to to inches) from the top of the the white board to the and the location where might to or shock, which to the or mounting It the to serious or death. the location from sunlight and other such as lights or conditioning. Direct sunlight and of lights with the of the recommends that the of the than to reduce
Specifications Arm inches) (from plate to cover to to inches) to to inches) to to to to to inches) of Units: (inches)
and to the the following and the mount and to the The The recommended to to inches). C of English
Units: (inches) top of to from (C) XGA WXGA (B) (A) Projection top of to from (C) (B) 425W (A) top of to from (C) (B) (A)
Units: (inches) top of to from (C) XGA WXGA (B) (A) Projection top of to from (C) (B) (A) Projection top of to from (C) (B) (A) of from top to (C) WXGA XGA Allow least the top of the whiteboard and the of the (B) (A)
Units: (inches) top of to from (C) XGA WXGA (B) (A) Projection top of to from (C) (B) (A) Projection top of to from (C) (B) (A) Projection Screen
Units: (inches) top of to from (C) XGA WXGA (B) (A) top of to from (C) (B) (A) top of to from (C) (B) (A) Projection Screen of from top to (C) WXGA XGA (B) (A) Allow least the top of the whiteboard and the of the Allow least the top of the whiteboard and the of the English
Assembly and follow the instructions below to the mount. the mount and or property mount the the with the mount, the enough to the optional and the mount. This mount should Confirm the of the optional and the mount installation, and the of the If the enough, the installation. The of this mount and the approximately the installation, the and of the the mount to the of the and the mount, and to M8 and and than M8 the mount to responsibility or caused of or installation. the the where to the and then that the shown the below, the of the inches) to the of the of the whiteboard. Allow least inches) the top of the whiteboard and the of the the to the the previous the inches) using the the Warning At the where the mount there of to to inches) from the top of the the white board to the "Screen and of the plate of the whiteboard
the the and then the where the as shown the following the anchors least three If four anchors, the four or four as shown below. of the following and the inches) inches) Anchor inches) such as to from the the the and M8 anchors the the and with the touches the top of the anchor. the with to the to the English
Assembling the mount Attach the to the temporarily the wrenches (M4 and M8) and M4 head and M8 head the wrench (M8) and four M8 head M4 head M8 head Arm plate M8 head Arm
Routing the through the If ELPIU03 separately), to the USB with ELPIU03 through the this without routing the through the Route the USB that ELPIU03 to the that the type the the mount to the plate the the plate to the the to the and the the plate temporarily M8 head Arm USB ELPIU03 Arm plate Arm plate Wall M8 head English
the plate to the the the plate to the using the wrench (M4) and M4 with washers/ washers. If apply to the screws from or or the mount, the housing crack and the to or property or to or the mount. the screws firmly. Attaching the to the the plate the as shown below. the temporarily the M4 as shown below. M4 head with washers M4 head with washers/spring washers plate Warning M4 head without washers
the arm, the length, and temporarily the screw the arm.( the of the using the the to match the recommended "Screen and the length, the temporarily the screw top.( Connecting the the and other to the If ELPIU03, the included with the If ELPIU03, to the Attaching the cover the with wrench (M4) and M4 head M4 head Arm cover English
Turning the and the the Turn the the screws the (A, B, C, and D) as shown below to the the using screw (E) the of the The when the screw, and lowers when A: to Arm B: to C: to D: to to inches) E: to to inches) to to inches) the screws the and using the wrenches (M4 and M8). Tighten screws firmly. the or mount and or property Warning
Attaching the interface cover the interface cover the wrench (M4) and M4 with washers. M4 head with washers Interface cover the cover the and then the cover with the screws as shown below. cover English
the cover the plate cover with wrench (M4) and three M4 head and servicing of the should only technician. the included with information about and repairs. the and installation. Confirm that the screws become If screws, them firmly. the or mount and or property the mount or heavy If the mount or the or property Warning Wall plate cover M4 head Wall cover Copyright Corporation rights Printed