You the following the of the or off. the of the the to the of the and the inch:cm: Selects the of length. To follow the below: Press to the Press Press or to highlight then to Press or to options, then This operates with included) or with AC included). the rear cover. these instructions and AA batteries. If to below. the cover and Font Font Optional AC (APT0615Z1-1) Font Warning: to AC APT0615Z1-1 or Character of the AC the the the other of the AC the Select/Enter Punctuation from the ribbon. Cursor to or the Turning the off Press to off the If AC from the and the If them only the of the whether or the cover, necessary. the and If there the of the through the Font Font Font the cover and the to through the to Press to the Press text Battery options Upper/lower Cursor to (appears when You to four of to
Font Font Font Press Font Font Font text Press to confirm. Press the to the Press or to then Warning: the the or the Removing the cover. the the and straight The indicated the the Press Press or to then The the of text change. selection Press to the Press to highlight then Press or Press or to then Creating the Press Press or to then the character to then below. the Press to or or character characters Press character Press appears, text Press the from the character to the The indicated the to or characters clearly. Normal S+O B+I O+I S+O+I S+I Press Press or to through the then or the to the You of four of If try to the appears and to Press to the and There of Specifying the of Press Press or to then Press or to to inches then Press repeatedly to through the Press to the Selecting to the automatically. Press then repeatedly to through the Press to the Press Press or to through the then to category. Press or to then the characters Press Press or to Char. then Press or to Narrow or then To and to the The (Narrow) recommended. characters with If character include choose from indicated the Press Press of options appears the ). Press or to then the Press Press or to Narrow then Creating text Press Press or to then Creating Press or to On then Press or to the to where to then the first then The increases when You and to To type then Creating text Press Press or to then Press or to On then or to to the (the appears to the of the or to the To to then Creating of the functions this section the to selected If prompted, to the text and the Then type Below that the Press Press or to then To of or to then You of four of the
Creating the off, Press the or to the then The recommended. Attaching off the the the and firmly. Cleaning cloth or, cloth that Press Press or to then Press or to or the length, then inches The text the chemicals or such as thinner, or or This Creating Cleaning the head If the becomes or distorted, the head cleaning. the and clean the head with as shown. Press Press or to type or then Press or to the length, then inches If to than of each to ready to the Troubleshooting Wrapped and Turn the off and incompatible the Press Press or to then Press or to or the length, then incompatible the The the incorrectly, with batteries, or and together. Turn the off and with ones, or the optional AC correctly. If to than of each to ready to the Too You the of Press to the Editing Creating Press Press or to then then the Text too too the specified length. Press and the or text shorter. already You Supported CODE39, CODE128, ITF, CODABAR, UPC-A, UPC-E, EAN-8, EAN-13 to their the created with to they correctly. Text creating with OK? the text Press to the text and the Press text the every incorrect. the and that the of the text and the of the The the to the Txt too text too the specified length. Press to and The automatically. Press The of the and the of shows the while the the button. Overheated! The head too Turn the off and the Allow the head to cool while trying to Warning: the the or the Press At the the or the or buttons to the of Press The of the and the of shows the while the the to the each the to each Cover If the while the off this displays and the off automatically. the off the cover. occurred the operation. Turn the off, then back If the appears, the off and
Press and technical the below (U.S.) or where or To with U.S.: to through and to to through and hours of to without or charges apply. Recycling The function normally The functioning to electricity or other If function normally the on/off or the distorted), following the below. Warning: and formatting and to Press to the off. Press and and appears, (to other The offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Purchase and appear the the correctly. the with ones, or the optional AC (APT0615Z1-1). offers of the below of recommended listed). of including widths, Warning: to AC APT0615Z1-1 or You purchase and www.epson.com/LabelWorks (U.S. or www.epson.ca/LabelWorks You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON If using AC that securely connected to both the outlet and the the The off The off the than If incorrect the or off Text White Black LC-4WBN9 Nothing that text the necessary. the and the the with ones, or the optional AC (APT0615Z1-1). the cover closed. White LC-4WRN9 White LC-4WLN9 Clear Black LC-4TBN9 Clear LC-4TKN9 White LC-4NWT5 Black LC-4BKP9 Characters properly the correctly seated. Clean the head. the properly when selected). Black White LC-4BWV9 Black LC-4SBM9 Black LC-4KBM9 Iron-on White Black LC-4WBQ5 the of text the or the optional AC (APT0615Z1-1). Black LC-4LBQ5 Black LC-4PBQ5 Glow-in-the- Glow-in-the- Black LC-4ZBU1 Pearlized Black LC-4RBL9 You the text Black LC-4GBL9 If the of the previously text If the AC or the operation, the text Black LC-4LBL9 White LC-4EAY9 LC-4CAY9 white the to off the attaching the the attaching to and The to rough or or subjected to such as high or heat. and of Corporation. LC and their or of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Specifications This information to without inches inches inches America, Inc. CPD-34893 Printed to to to to optional AC APT0615Z1-1 AC100-240 V, A, DC6.5 V, supply AA Supported
daffichage. daffichage, options CA Insertion instructions boutons AA. Insertion Ponctuation tout CA (APT0615Z1-1) CA APT0615Z1-1, CA CA Insertion hors AC, senclenche. Texte
confirmer. bouton Fonctions bouton tout touches toutes saffiche, Tout saffiche Normal S+O B+I O+I S+O+I S+I options, Normal saffiche ). saffiche
saffichent bouton bouton section touches boutons saffichent bouton boutons Collage or type coton-tige friction, incompatible incompatible CA tous CODE39, CODE128, ITF, CODABAR, UPC-A, UPC-E, EAN-8, EAN-13 Texte OK?
Ponctuation hors Texte incorrectes. charge Texte Source CA APT0615Z1-1 CA V, A, hors saffiche CC V, Source AA saffiche, charge Assistance FAQ service toutes Recyclage offre recyclage fin www.epson.com/recycle bouton Achat CA (APT0615Z1-1). offre tableau www.epson.ca/LabelWorks CA APT0615Z1-1, CA, incorrecte, LC-4WBN9 CA (APT0615Z1-1). Rouge LC-4WRN9 LC-4WLN9 LC-4TBN9 LC-4TKN9 LC-4NWT5 LC-4BKP9 LC-4BWV9 LC-4SBM9 LC-4KBM9 LC-4WBQ5 LC-4LBQ5 LC-4PBQ5 CA (APT0615Z1-1). Brille Brille LC-4ZBU1 LC-4RBL9 tout CA LC-4GBL9 LC-4LBL9 LC-4EAY9 LC-4CAY9 Corporation. LC Corporation. tous Linformation Inc. Chine