You the following Contrast: the of the the to the of the and the inch:cm: Selects the of To follow the below: Press to the Press Press or to highlight then to Press or to options, then This operates with included) or with AC included). the cover. these instructions and AAA If to below. the cover and Font Font Font Character Optional AC (APT0615Z1-1) Warning: to AC APT0615Z1-1 or of the AC the the other of the AC the Select/Enter Punctuation Cursor to previous or the from the ribbon. Turning the off Press to off the If AC from the outlet and the If them the of the whether or the cover, necessary. the and If there the of the through the Font Font Font text Battery Cursor to (appears when You to of the cover and options the to through the to Press to the Upper/lower to Press Press the to the Warning: Press Press Press Press Press Press Press Press Press Press Press Press Press Press Press Press Press Press Press where Press Press CPD-34888
Warning: the the Press or to then or the Removing the rear cover. the the and straight The indicated the the Press Press or to then The the of text selection Press to the B.Gothic US Press Press or to highlight then Mincho Press or to then CB .Creating the Press the character to then below. the Press to or or Press or to then to or characters clearly. character characters Press Normal character backward. Press S+O B+I O+I appears, text Press S+O+I S+I Press the from the character to the The indicated the Press or to then You of of If to the appears and to Press to the and Press or to through the options, then or the to the There of Specifying the of Press Press or to then Press repeatedly to through the Press or to to Press to the inches then Selecting to the automatically. Press then repeatedly to through the the characters Press Press to the Press Press or to Char. then Press or to through the Press or to Narrow or then to then Press or to then To and to the previous The recommended. characters with If character include choose from indicated the Press the Press to Narrow then Press or Press of options appears the ). Press or to then Creating text Press Creating Press or to then Press or to On then Press or to the to where to then Creating text Press the first then The increases when Press or to then You and to To type then Press or to On then or to to the (the appears to the of the To or to the to then functions Press that the Press text the the text and the of the The the Press or to then You of of Gothic CL BR
and the below Press The of the and the of shows the while the The function normally The functioning to electricity or other If function normally the on/off or the distorted), following the below. the Warning: the the or the Press Warning: and formatting and to At the the or the or buttons to the of Press to the off. Press and and Press The of the and the of appears, (to shows the while the other the to The the each the to each appear the the correctly. the with ones, or the optional AC (APT0615Z1-1). Warning: to AC APT0615Z1-1 or the off, If using AC that securely connected to both the outlet and the the Press the or buttons to the then The recommended. The off The off the than If incorrect the or off off the the the and firmly. Nothing that text the necessary. the and the the with ones, or the optional AC (APT0615Z1-1). the cover closed. Cleaning cloth or, cloth that chemicals or such as thinner, or or This Characters properly the correctly seated. Clean the head. the properly when selected). Cleaning the head If the becomes or distorted, the head cleaning. the and the head with as shown. the of the or the optional AC (APT0615Z1-1). You the text If the of the previously text If the AC or the operation, the the to off the attaching the the attaching to clean and The to rough or or subjected to such as high or heat. then Troubleshooting and Turn the off and Specifications The the incorrectly, with batteries, or and together. Turn the off and with ones, or the optional AC correctly. inches inches inches to to to to Too You the of Press to the Editing supply optional AC APT0615Z1-1 only already You AC100-240 V, A, Txt too text too the OK? specified length. Press and the or text shorter. DC6.5 V, Overheated! The head too Turn the off and the Allow the head to cool trying to supply AAA Supported If the rear cover while the this displays and the off automatically. the off the rear cover. creating with the Press to the text and the occurred the operation. Turn the off, then back If the appears, the off and U.S.:
You the following the of the the to the of the and the Selects the of inch:cm: To follow the below: Press to the Press Press or to highlight then to Press or to options, then This operates with included) or with AC included). the rear cover. these instructions and AAA If to below. the cover and Font Font Character Optional AC (APT0615Z1-1) Warning: to AC APT0615Z1-1 or of the AC the the other of the AC the Select/Enter Punctuation to or the from the Turning the off Press to off the If using AC from the outlet and the If them only the of the whether or the cover, necessary. the and If there feed the of the through the Font Font Font text Battery Cursor to (appears when You to of the cover and options the to feed through the to Press to the Upper/lower to Press Press the to the technical (U.S.) or where or To with U.S.: to through and to to through and hours of to without or charges apply. Recycling offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Purchase and offers of the below of recommended listed). of including You purchase and www.epson.com/LabelWorks (U.S. or www.epson.ca/LabelWorks You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Text White Black LC-4WBN9 White LC-4WRN9 White LC-4WLN9 Clear Black LC-4TBN9 Clear LC-4TKN9 White LC-4NWT5 Black LC-4BKP9 Black White LC-4BWV9 Black LC-4SBM9 Black LC-4KBM9 Iron-on White Black LC-4WBQ5 Black LC-4LBQ5 Black LC-4PBQ5 Glow-in-the- Glow-in-the- Black LC-4ZBU1 Pearlized Black LC-4RBL9 Black LC-4GBL9 Black LC-4LBL9 White Grey LC-4EAY9 white Grey LC-4CAY9 and of Corporation. LC and their or of Corporstion. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-34888 Printed
daffichage, options CA Insertion instructions boutons AAA. Insertion CA (APT0615Z1-1) CA APT0615Z1-1, Ponctuation CA tout CA hors Insertion AC, senclenche. Texte LC-4WBN9 LC-4WRN9 LC-4WLN9 LC-4TBN9 LC-4TKN9 LC-4NWT5 LC-4BKP9 LC-4BWV9 LC-4SBM9 LC-4KBM9 LC-4WBQ5 LC-4LBQ5 LC-4PBQ5 LC-4ZBU1 LC-4RBL9 LC-4GBL9 LC-4LBL9 LC-4EAY9 LC-4CAY9
bouton bouton tout saffiche Fonctions touches saffiche, B.Gothic US Tout Mincho CB saffiche Normal S+O B+I O+I S+O+I S+I saffiche ). Normal Gothic CL BR
CA OK saffichent saffiche bouton Couper. bouton OK prochain touches boutons saffiche, saffichent bouton boutons bouton). CA (APT0615Z1-1). taches CA APT0615Z1-1, friction, CA, incorrecte, CA (APT0615Z1-1). Source Source
Ponctuation hors Texte CA (APT0615Z1-1). Achat fournitures offre tableau tout CA www.epson.ca/LabelWorks LC-4WBN9 Rouge LC-4WRN9 LC-4WLN9 LC-4TBN9 LC-4TKN9 LC-4NWT5 LC-4BKP9 LC-4BWV9 LC-4SBM9 LC-4KBM9 LC-4WBQ5 Source CA APT0615Z1-1 LC-4LBQ5 LC-4PBQ5 CA V, A, Brille LC-4ZBU1 CC V, LC-4RBL9 LC-4GBL9 LC-4LBL9 Source AAA LC-4EAY9 charge LC-4CAY9 Assistance FAQ service Recyclage offre recyclage fin www.epson.com/recycle Corporation. LC Corporation. tous Linformation Inc. Chine