LW-600P
Notations Used the Follow the these as to injury. to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to The The light The light The Bluetooth light cover
cover Bluetooth USB Battery cover Security topic: Introduction to
the Connecting the AC Follow the instructions these sections to Connecting the AC and Removing Cartridges Turning the On and the AC to the without the to the AC the other of the topic: the You instead of the AC when The AA batteries. the off
included. Press the and the cover. the with the and facing as shown.
and Removing Cartridges the cover. topic: the You with from inch to inch with this of to epson.com/labelworks (U.S.) or epson.ca/labelworks the off or
from the or the cover. the as shown and the of the the
the cover. To the cover, the of the then of the topic: the
Turning the On and the AC connected or To the the button. The Bluetooth light The Bluetooth light flashes the Bluetooth To off the the button. The off within these hours AC topic: the Related Product Related Connecting the AC
the With Bluetooth Discovery Follow the instructions these sections to the with Bluetooth Discovery Connecting the to Download the from the or the SM topic: the With that Bluetooth the connecting. The Bluetooth light when Bluetooth If Bluetooth following the below: Press the to off the
Connecting the to Connecting the to Press the and the Bluetooth the The and the Bluetooth light to the the instructions operating topic: the With Follow the instructions these sections to the to Connecting the to Connecting the to topic: the With Related references to with Bluetooth You the to using Bluetooth. Turn to Wireless Network and Bluetooth. while the The displayed when the
Connecting the to when the the paired The Bluetooth the the the Bluetooth the LW-600P The ready to when this the of topic: Connecting the to You the to Bluetooth. Turn to Bluetooth and Bluetooth. while the The displayed Devices when the found. the when the Bluetooth light the flashing). topic: Connecting the to
the With Connecting the to Follow the instructions these sections to the with Connecting the to OS To the software with to the to with the included USB the software (or the software prompted), the USB to the and Press the the topic: the With The software easy to and ribbons as these Started With With Creating Format With topic: the With
Started With Follow the instructions these sections to Starting topic: Download the software from the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to both the and the prompted to the to the included USB topic: Started With Related Connecting the to the software and connected the to using Double-click the You this
If to directly to the when Not This and necessary. of the following and OK (or to straight to the To with Text To with text from spreadsheet or other Text) To with from the To or QR of the Shortcut To previously created and the or History and from of existing topic: Started With
Text Font (The the that printed.) Workspace (You temporarily to this the Font topic: Started With
The the easy to the of Select editing or Click the arrow to the to the including freehand and that to that with repeated text or graphic to the selected to the the selected the selected Copy the selected from the the action
the action the the selected the and the the selected counterclockwise the selected clockwise the selected vertically the the selected the the selected the of the the selected the of the
With Text the selected text the selected text the selected text the selected and background text white background to white the text Click the arrow to the to outlining and other the text with the of the the text the of the the with the right of the Justify the text the the from to clicking the arrow to the the text to the the text to the text topic: Started With Follow the instructions these sections to of and ribbons. Creating
Creating Preferences With QR the and Background and Text Editing Editing Text topic: You easily with text and graphics and Text and OK You the
text the then the You text the surrounded with this:
To the and the text and the and from the selection boxes. (You To the and ready to the You this: Select the of the Click OK to topic: With Related Editing
Preferences With Editing Text You the text formatting and options, and other features. the and Preferences You this: Select of the to the options. Select the options to as To the and from the chart that appears. selecting OK immediately, to the and others the topic: With Every that to You of text or other such as graphic and To text to the Text anywhere the workspace.
text appears as type To the typed, the appear around the of the following: To the and as You to them to the right of existing the The expands to the To text to existing text the Text within the and type the To the text the to and of the the text or the selection boxes. You the to with formatting To the text the to the Click and of the the or right to the topic: With Related Editing
You from of and ribbons. the text Click the You this Select the and OK The appears the following to the of the and of the necessary: To the and the right of the The white expands as the To the of the and the text finished, OK topic: With
Related With You or graphics to and ribbons. Click the and the to and You of or other appear and white only. the where the to appear, and the to the and of the and To the necessary, the You this: Select of the to the options. Select the options
finished, OK topic: With Related With You from of graphic to and ribbons. Click the You this the the top of the to through the the the right to through the each Select the and OK You the outline of the the the where to appear and the to the
the and of the and To the necessary, the You this Select of the to the options. Select the options finished, OK topic: With Related With You with of inventory and such as this
Click the You this Select the type of to To include the beneath the the text checkbox. the the the and information as necessary, and OK You about the of If to this the the and On Click OK You the of the where to appear, then the to
QR topic: With Related With You with QR such as to URLs, services, or One-inch black-on-white recommended the QR from from services, the to that other people the Click the QR You this
Select the type of QR to the URL or other the Select the Correction and options as necessary, and OK or recommended. You about around the QR If to this the the and the On Click OK You the outline of QR the where QR to appear, then the to topic: With
Related With You to Click the You this Select the to and OK The appears To the and of the to the To the and the You this:
the and of the to the Select the options finished, OK topic: With Related Working With You the and/or to and updated. the and and You this
Background Select the and options to Select of the to text formatting Select the options Click OK You the of the where the and/or to appear, then the to If to the and of the topic: With Related With Editing Text You from background and ribbons, or graphic or text background. background light the and Background You this
of the following: Select of the background To Background and New You this
and the to and OK Once with the background To background Text Background You this the text background, then the and options to Click OK You background the topic: With You graphics of and to and ribbons. Click the arrow to the Straight You this
Click the or to If the choose (and the of or (and the and ratio of Click the the to or to to anchor the then to the To the or You this: The options the or select.
Text Select of the to the options. Select the options finished, OK topic: With Related With You or other to text and ribbons. the and Text You this the text the art, then the and Text options to Click the Shape You this
Editing Select the and transformation options to You of text art the Click the Decoration Select and to Click OK You the of text art the where the text art to appear, then the to topic: With Related Working With You rearrange and the of the of text and other To the of the and the the To than and the while the (or choose Select from the You around the selected the
of the following. To and of the options. To or vertically, and of the To and of the To or and of the options. To interactively, of the options, OK and the where to the To interactively, of the OK and of the To the aspect ratio of to Ratios You the the to of the topic: With Related Working With
Editing Text Creating Format You the Text to apply formatting options to than those the Text or Text Click text the to You around the selected Click the You this Select of the to the options. Select the options You of the the selecting text OK topic: With Follow the instructions these sections to Creating from Imported Creating Ribbons With Repeated Creating the
Creating from Imported Creating topic: You of using the from or spreadsheet This from The following supported: and To or Microsoft On the and OK You this Click the to and Select and choose necessary. You and
Click the You this: of the that to and OK You the of the where the to appear
You the from the the and the to appears the the and of the as necessary. To the and To to the to the right of the the appears to the You the and of the Click the You this:
Select the of the Select the options the section. Click OK to topic: Creating Format Related Creating Print-Paste
Creating Ribbons With Repeated You easily ribbons with repeated of text and graphics. off the and to the ribbon. the text You text or text art or the and the or Click the Ribbon You this the of the and each repeated Click OK You of
Creating topic: Creating Format Related You from templates and the templates as necessary. You of the text manually or from On the and OK You this
to the templates, the to and OK You this: of the following: Select Entry the text each field, and OK Select Reference and the to Follow the instructions You this:
the of the following: To the each and the To the text the To using the the text the each appears below To the and Click the Select the of and other Click OK to topic: Creating Format Related Creating from Imported Print-Paste includes containing of You the existing or them as necessary. From the and OK You this
Select the then through the to the To selection to the width the arrow and the To selected You the the You of the to the To Select the of and other Click OK to topic: Creating Format Related Editing Editing Text
Creating You of that numbered or of the the the and You this Select or Alphabetic as the option. or as the Format option to the of Initial the or the to each To Repetition the of to item the To or the and the
Select the Text and options as the Click OK You the of the the where the to appear, then to If to the and of the To the and Click the You this: Select the of of each to
With Select the with Click OK to topic: Creating Format Follow the instructions these sections to topic: finished ready to Click the You this:
Select the of If numbered of the with checkbox. If of with imported the options the section. To off when of with the the section. If the then the sections to To off when with Print-Paste the the section.
To You this Select of the to the the options Click OK to the Click OK to topic: With Related The options as including the of text and
the of the the of the text Select clear Graphics Width: the of the
the Dithering Rough the to Decreases or increases the each the selected information Unit Selects the of inches(in) and Select to feed, or and or to the topic: With BW the threshold turning BW and white each each as Don't without Don't without them manually
Print-Paste You from and or to instead of including the item and three each This or with imported You with the selected. Select the Click the arrow Print-Paste Printing(Multiply) the of the Select the of to from each existing You the this: the from the to the the You this:
Click the You this:
Select the the section. Select the to To off when the the Print-Paste section. Select options as necessary. Click OK to topic: With Related
OS Started With The software easy to as these Started With With and Cutting the With topic: the With Follow the instructions these sections to OS X. topic: OS the software from the If the the software from the the search field and the Click the of Click The to Click Download the from and the U.S. or topic: Started With
the software and connected the to Choose Applications You the topic: Started With Related Connecting the to
History Text Font
With Preferences topic: Started With Follow the instructions these sections to of and types. Preferences Creating Formatting Text the and QR the topic: OS You the text formatting and options, and other features. the and Preferences You this:
Select the options to as The to the Click OK Click OK You to the topic: With
Creating You easily with text and graphics and You the Select the and the text the text field. The text appears the text and the To the and the text and the and from the selection boxes. (You
Formatting Text To the the and ready to the You this: Select the of the Click You Click OK to topic: With You the Text or the Text to the or of text or the text
of the following: the selecting the the using the or strikethrough buttons or options the text using the or right buttons or options the the Font The text as topic: With You or graphics to and ribbons. Click the and the to and or other appear and white only. The appears the Click the You this Select the and Threshold options to
the and Click OK topic: With You the and/or to and updated. Click the You this Select the option to Click OK The appears the topic: With You from of and ribbons. text
QR Click the You this Select the and Thickness options to Click OK The appears the topic: With You with QR such as to URLs, services, or applications. One-inch black-on-white recommended the QR
the from applications, from services, the to that other people the Click the QR You this the URL or other text the the option to Click OK The QR appears the topic: With Related With You choose from of templates to and ribbons. Click the You this:
and the Click the arrow to the of template Template appear the template Select template and OK The template the the template as would other topic: With Related With Formatting Text You manually the or ribbon, or feed and Click the feed The of or ribbon. Click the and The of or and topic: OS
With finished ready to Click the You this: Select the of Select the the to clear to the to or increase the the option to Click topic: OS
Applying Applying Follow the instructions these sections to apply Applying Iron-on easy to to the and the to which them, off or become and the or the or to these to or other things, or to that authorized to off the the the and it firmly.
Iron-on Applying Iron-on topic: Applying You apply to the following of Cotton/polyester with smooth apply iron-on to textured such as terry cloth, or roughly with rough such as or which cool Applying Iron-on Iron-on topic: Applying Press the and or cloth. to F C), without the where to apply the the the location with the Gently the of the to temporarily
Iron-on Press the the holding the about to seconds. this or topic: Iron-on this information when from non-toxic however, attached and or scratch the dry-cleanable and the to about the of the that too to or to the and of the the corners of the attaching from off the If however, as securely to the applying to that washed or dry-cleaned, recommended that the the off when the Once applied, easily
the with chemicals or such as thinner, or the the become or distorted. If exposed to of yellowing Iron-on to such as or leather. bleach or topic: Iron-on
Cleaning the Cleaning the of the Cleaning the Head Follow the instructions these sections to Cleaning the of the Cleaning the Head cleaning the off the and the AC To or cloth. To cloth with thinner, or other chemicals to clean the or topic: Cleaning the If or white appear the head. thinner, or other chemicals to the or Turn off the and the AC the cover. the of the and of the
to the head as shown. topic: Cleaning the Related and Cartridges
Checking Software Product the this section the Checking Software Product to with Bluetooth the Not to Quality to Cutting to With to Attaching to With Iron-on Where to Periodically, to free to software. the U.S. or topic: You often with the lights.
light Battery light Bluetooth light Light Condition Bluetooth Bluetooth On Bluetooth established Flashing Performing operations such as or Flashing once every Bluetooth seconds On batteries; Flashing Flashing the displayed the connected or information topic:
to with Bluetooth the Not Related Where to Related and Removing Cartridges If connected to Bluetooth, these the Bluetooth turned to the Bluetooth light If Bluetooth the and with the the with another The with If the to with USB using Bluetooth. the USB and try the topic: Related Related topics Connecting the to If or these the or that the connected properly or the Bluetooth active. the selected the software. text the necessary. the correctly the or the AC topic:
to Quality Related and Removing Cartridges Connecting the AC Turning the On and If from try these the the to the and the restarted installation. the selected software, and the as offline. graphics within the of the topic: Related Connecting the to If or text or ribbons, these Clean the head. there the the or or topic: Related Related Cleaning the Head
to Cutting to With to Attaching Creating Creating With If the these the selected the software. If from the option If the technical topic: Related Where to Related and Cutting the With If or these the or If the the History to the topic: If attaching these off the attaching the the attaching the to and to rough or or to such as high or heat.
to With Iron-on Where to topic: Related Applying If applying iron-on these If or off washing, the (within the the the the to seconds. the corners of the If item to the instead of topic: Related Iron-on Related Applying Iron-on If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase
of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and offers of and ribbons You purchase and epson.com/labelworks (U.S.) or epson.ca/labelworks You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications Software Software These sections the technical specifications of Software Software Specifications Specifications To the software, should these and About 300MB (XGA) or higher Interface USB (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications To the software, should these and SP1 and SP2 XP and SP3
OS About 40MB (XGA) or higher Interface USB (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications To the should the following Conforms to Bluetooth EDR Bluetooth Specification Class About to SPP Profile topic: Technical Specifications OS OS OS
Specifications Specifications Width: inches and Supported and inch Interfaces USB topic: Technical Specifications AC type AST1116Z1-1 Corp. AC100240V, 0.4A, DC11V, 1.64A Depth: inches inches and Bluetooth to F to C) to F to C) only
AA Battery topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Instructions Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to information to products Instructions FCC Copyright Notice and follow these instructions. Instructions Cartridge Instructions AC Instructions Battery Instructions topic: Notices the as instructed the or the to force or shock such as or the the or the with covers the other than the cover or cover. the head. Turn the off, the AC and the and servicing to service the following or the the normally or performance. to the or injury. To injury, from the when or the
Cartridge Instructions or the AC or locations that to heat or humidity, or or or the the following locations: or sunlight; of heat, humidity, shocks, or where or to humidity; such as or of interference such as or the of telephones. The and from to of suffocation. If using the the and the cleaning, the and the batteries. cloth to the or cleaners. to when with Turn the off WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) topic: Instructions only LC with this To or the the software commands. forcibly the the to with this overheat the head and the ribbons. to follow regulations. topic: Instructions Related
AC Instructions Battery Instructions Related With the AC and that with the AC with other and with the specified the AC and overheating, fire, or shock. the the the from the the and the cord. the when the with to the AC or cord. the AC and to and heavy top of the AC or cord. the AC or with cloth. the AC that overheat and become forcibly or the cord. the AC or heater. To fire or shock, AC or cord. Turn off the the AC function properly or become topic: Instructions properly to or fire caused overheating, or other to the of reach of If or immediately the affected thoroughly with and treatment. If treatment immediately. If from battery, off with cloth and the with AA batteries. and together or of
FCC that the and correct. promptly. heat or throw them fire or with such as or the of to follow topic: Instructions This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. or the the authority to this AC with RF interference United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the
Copyright Notice established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B). topic: Notices EPSON TM and LC TAPE TM and EPSON of Corporation. and OS and service of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions.
Copyright Attribution Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Inc. CPD-40145R1 topic: Copyright Notice