This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to and reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and Cl the from that to which the connected the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS FOR CANADIAN USERS edict6 WARNING Communications
EPSON EXPR~
Inc., or warranties, or implied, or with to this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information from the of the information this and to without and ExpressStation of Corporation. Other and of their respective Copyright Inc. California Y74399100200 IMPORTANT NOTICE COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning; or cleaners. of the the or and the and the back or or cover these the or or heat the the type of indicated its If of the type of or If to the Germany, the following To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected Computers to properly grounded (earthed) outlets. If to the to the as photocopiers or that switch and off.
allow the to become or frayed. If with the the of the of the the the rating the cord. Also, the of products the outlet of this through the as specifically this to service the yourself. servicing to service the from the and servicing to service the following A. the or B. If the C. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions. of other and often technician to the to operation. D. If the or the E. If the performance.
Instructions instructions conserver toute chariot, type protection On services tous instructions brancher tout marche-arret. fiche S&wit6
branches branches reparation On service service service A. B. C. refuse instructions. instructions Tout service. D. E. performance. tout
Introduction This instructions ExpressStation the first It to the physical and to each section to follow the Instructions the of this these information about properly and operating correctly. Where to If purchased the United States, America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the Customer Technical with the and operation of products Assistance locating Authorized or Service of ribbons, and Customer Relations technical information service Product with technical and products.
If purchased of the United States, please or the location and service. International locations the back cover of this to the Its to choose location that the following: and attract electricity, which the and inches of around the freely. Ct Select cool, and from humidity, and sunlight or other of heat. Cl interference. too to such as telephone, that field. cords. with the cords the If operating the country other than the which purchased Source of the of the cords should
Optional Devices and to optional to instructions options such as memory math and option cards. that the which option the type of If only ISA option that with their own (CFG) should them peripheral Follow the instructions ISA to the switches or If EISA cards, should them peripheral the and correctly. If ISA that with their CFG should them connected the peripheral and the This allows to the CFG information to the the and switch Then the switches and and the to option Chapter of option cards. Then follow the instructions there to the cards.
Connecting Devices You to peripheral the first If ISA option (as to only those to the and and possibly and If other to them to the ISA cards. the the front and back outlet o light release cover o LAN light light cover screw button option LAN
These the built-in interfaces the back SCSI to these while follow the instructions this section. first, the buttons or switches the and turned off. VGA
Connecting If to the back of the first. Then, VGA the other of the to the VGA the back Tighten screws to the Then the to the necessary. You the other of the the outlet the back of the or If connecting other type of to option Optional Devices information about option cards. Then to the interface the option as
Connecting of the to as the other to and tighten the screws. Then the to the necessary) and to
Connecting of the to as its Then the other to of and the screws. If choose to the (COM1) and the other to the secondary (COM2). the to and the secondary to You the assignment the BIOS SETUP or the Software information. Then the to the necessary) and to
Connecting the the to the Although the and physically them interchangeably. to the and the
Connecting If using IBM PS/2 TM its to the Although the and physically them interchangeably. to the and the If Connecting Option Cards Chapter of instructions the
Connecting TPE LAN If the built-in LAN and to with Twisted Ethernet TM (TPE) 10BASET the to the TPE Connecting AUI LAN If the built-in LAN and connecting to network with Unit Interface (AUI) the to the AUI to the screws to the to the
Connecting SCSI SCSI to the built-in SCSI of the instructions the SCSI ID and properly terminating SCSI Then the first to the SCSI Chapter of the and the that with SCSI information cabling the SCSI to each other.
Connecting the Cord connecting of peripheral the to the Then the other of the the to the section the Turning On the the following to or yourself: or or when the CI the when its cover off. Ct off or while light This the CI least seconds off the turn This to the Ct or of its the of
tl off the the computers cord, and seconds the cover. the cover to internal the or when the cover off. ready to Press the the computers front You to brightness and to the Then the section the and software. There to the BIOS SETUP and the Which the option You should the BIOS SETUP to the following tl You option You ISA option that with (CFG) You should the to of the following You EISA option tl You ISA that with CFG
SETUP the BIOS ROM. You SETUP whenever turn or the of whether operating Chapter of the Software instructions the The the Reference of the Software instructions this and Software Once with of the operating and to operating software applications. the that with operating and software instructions and them. If the built-in SCSI or LAN or built-in VGA with VGA to to and of the Software information.
Overseas Locations (U.K.) (PC) Hertfordshire, HP2 7EZ, UK Phone: Branch R.O.C. S.A. E. Road, S.A. B.P. S. or Rodborough N.S.W. 25/F., Phone: EPSCO HX