EQUITY PLUS EPSON
America or warranties, or implied, or with to this and warranties of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of information from the of the information this publication and to without of Corporation of America, Inc. Other only and of their respective Copyright Torrance, California Y74499100100 IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY America, Inc. COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning, cleaners or cleaners. this this or and the and the back or these or covered. This should or or heat This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or to properly grounded (earthed) outlets. If to the the to using the as or that switch and off. this where the If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the of this through the of the
as specifically the to service this yourself. servicing to service this from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or B. If the C. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. only those that covered the operating instructions, of other and often to the to operation. D. If the or the E. If the performance.
Introduction This PLUS the information to the from instructions options to such as option cards, or math as as reference information such as to and troubleshoot instructions or the SETUP the You to everything this Its below: Chapter covers operating such as and and Chapter to performance. Chapter to and the cover and subassembly to reach internal of the options and instructions the battery, and Chapter to and the of covers the and C troubleshooting At the of this and Introduction
Where to If purchased the United States, America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the Customer Technical with the and of products Assistance locating Authorized or Service of ribbons, and Customer Relations technical information service Product with technical specifications and products. If purchased of the United States, please or the location and service. International locations the back cover. Introduction
Chapter This chapter the following Copying the Reference and CI the LI or the and LI These instructions already the operating to the instructions operating Copying the Reference and If to of the Reference and to the This allows to the without to Copy the following from the Reference to and to these CORFIX.EXE HDSIT.COM ESPEED.EXE HDSIT.VER
The Reference the should this from the Reference these to The VGA that allow to graphics high-resolution If to of these VGA VGA to the VGA instructions. to of Reference and the when operating or as the below. GEI characters or the top the when with the character lowercase characters when the function the to the right and to the the from lower- to back to lowercase when The the top of the and the the of the affected.
Works with other to such as operations MS-DOS and Works with other to character or the or operation. within the operation. the back the character to the of the the function and off. the function of the from to positioning the back when the function with Terminates the (when with of input or command. the character the location. Prints the
The the once to function and to off. the function the light the right of the Command or You to or while If MS-DOS command that to of the following commands: the CI the These If to the as below. off the to or the the Occasionally, to clear the or its memory without turning off. You this the and the to to operating and memory that necessary. [=I, and and and as
the as to classify and when them the If the without properly exiting To the the operating the or A; the A. There to the If MS-DOS, Press the RESET the front This when the to If the the to off and from the Turn off the and seconds. If the A. Then the the DCW The and then the should MS-DOS. If the and and
If when the SETUP or the Follow these to If A. Turn the or RESET. the its memory the displays the following the The the characters type. Then type the correctly and the Press to SETUP If displays the If the the first EM and If turned when the SETUP as Network Chapter instructions using the If to or the SETUP of the instructions. If know the C. the operating and I,
and The allow to and then and This section and to: of coated with This that slightly (5-inch or (3-inch and It sealed protective to free of and the that it and capacity. tracks, and sectors. Double-sided both On each tracks, which of and and and Format
further sectors, which as The below of and sectors. Double-sided, or tracks each and double-sided, high-density each or sectors track. consists of or top of another and four or than the of the of the The of sectors the type of
the read/write heads to and To write to the the to the that the where the to written the read/write head. where the read/write head magnetically, and as record, and of The following the four of and which to with them: 1.44MB 3-inch, highdensity, TPI inch), 1.44MB These sectors track, and to 1.44MB of information (approximately of 1.2MB 5-inch, high-density, TPI, 1.2MB These sectors track, and to 1.2MB of information of MB which 1024KB (or bytes). KB which bytes. Each character, such as A, or
720KB 3-inch, doubledensity, TPI, 720KB These sectors track, and to 720KB of information of Cl 360KB 5-inch, double-sided, doubledensity, TPI, 360KB (You 160KB or 180KB These and or sectors track. With sectors track, to 320KB. With sectors track, to 360KB of information (approximately of You Formatting this section. and If than type of or of to of the and of the type and 3M-inch that the as the The following the and 5%inch or There
5-inch type from and write to 360KB 360KB, 320KB. 180KB. 160KB 1.2MB 1.2MB, 360KB,* 320KB,* 180KB,* 160KB* 3-inch from and write to type 720KB 720KB 1.44MB 1.44MB, 720KB of these the type and when (Usually this information appears the If of the MB, 1.2MB, 720KB, or 360KB) and using MS-DOS, from to another-using COPY or as the type each You these commands to and type of the MS-DOS DISKCOPY to from to another the the type. about copying and MS-DOS or other operating It write to this 1.2MB to or write to 360KB Computer
Caring and Follow these to and If that to write or write-protect This operating and Write-protecting below, from the or or off the while the light This light that the copying to or from If this process, off the from and of or scratch the and the read/write heads or to Dont the or or heat. from such as telephones, and information magnetically.) top of or 5%inch its protective and the the read/write The
top of and they and the type and the the top of to the top of another; this to and the the to the If to write that already the or their protective and location, such as or them top of each other.
Write-protecting You write-protect to its from write-protected, and from or To write-protect 5-inch cover the notch (shown below) with write-protect usually included of 5-inch +]I To the write protection, off the write-protect -notch
On 3-inch the write-protect switch the back of the the right corner, shown below. To write-protect 3-inch the switch the of the clicks the To the write protection, the switch the of the clicks and the covered. notch or switch they permanently write-protected. This protects them from or
operating the to least and and accordingly. MS-DOS, the first (the top as and as B. If MS-DOS as both and when to operations that normally to from to B, MS-DOS the from the first the (which would A) to the memory. Then MS-DOS to another B) and the from memory to the copying to the (A). often this to which which. It to write-protect Write-protecting If and the operating and from the and there, and the copying to or from However, and to that to the operating as as the operating (the and the operating this to the memory (RAM) to the the Then the and to that memory, instructions.
and If 5-inch as follows: the with the facing and the read/write leading the as shown below. the the the Then the to This the and the read/write heads the to the to first the light off. Then the and the its protective and location, such as
If 3-inch the with the facing and the leading the as shown the following the the clicks to the the light off; then the release the it and properly.
Formatting Formatting the that the operating write You to this only once, the the first You previously to This the the to of the operating instructions formatting It to of and (or of that such as operating Reference, and then the the from Also, regularly, whenever them, and them from If to the and regularly. of or
to using the 40MB as as thirty-three 1.2MB and 100MB as as approximately eighty-two 1.2MB operations You and the the of to The easy to back and forth and easy to and to trying to of operating related together and they easy to and operating instructions and and the operating to
the While the to back to or of and copying the to the the to them whenever them to or Caring Follow these to from and to the If to to location, to the HDSIT Reference to the the HDSIT (or the read/write heads to the that and them securely This protects the from the off or the when the light This light that the copying to or from the If this process, to the The sealed to from to the HDSIT to the as below.
including their heads when off the If this, or that to HDSIT. Follow these to HDSIT: If the HDSIT.COM and HDSIT.VER to the directory where they If the to the the Reference A. Then type and to that HDSIT and You the that the read/write heads locked the or the off and The the heads and the and off the You ready to to the location.
Chapter Operations This chapter to the following procedures to the of AUTOEXEC.BAT and other batch the as VGA features. AUTOEXEC.BAT and Other Batch If MS-DOS to that there commands to frequently. You the of these commands them batch type the of the batch and the commands the as typed each from the If that as text-only ASCII to batch You the MS-DOS COPY, EDIT, or EDLIN command, or text to the One batch that AUTOEXEC.BAT. Every MS-DOS the AUTOEXEC.BAT and each of the commands the Operations MS-DOS
MS-DOS, AUTOEXEC.BAT which or as to the AUTOEXEC.BAT and the directory of the or from which MS-DOS. MS-DOS information about creating and batch the and At the memory This the the to with SETUP or the ESPEED or to automatically. operating the TURBO light the front It off when the operating You should everything and the software to this the copy-protected the to while the These to disk-the that the protection-in the If copy-protected to to to when the and to when finished. Operations
the type of or to the to Follow these If copy-protected that or that to the If this to the to automatically. If cant the fast, the to automatically. If using copy-protected that to the to while the Then the to while and the There three to the the SETUP command the ESPEED If that or SETUP to the Chapter of the instructions. If these occasionally, should the commands or the ESPEED below) to the If this try and the and then to fast to the to automatically. Enhancing Operations
Commands You the of the commands shown the following commands commands To these commands, the and the and then the the You the commands while the of the commands another function, to the that the [[:I to the to Another to the ESPEED below. The the RESET or off the or using the SETUP another command, or the ESPEED Enhancing Operations or [-I the or to the
the ESPEED ESPEED easy to the the commands or to include the command batch The ESPEED the Reference If this the where it If Reference and the to the information to the ESPEED type the following the and You this The the switches should to the to or to type the following and To the back to fast, this command: ESPEED Format: ESPEED CPU to to ESPEED ESPEED [PISIP] Operations EIW
To the CPU type ESPEED and You the following: MHZ To the when this the or The the ESPEED command, or the SETUP or the RESET or off the the ESPEED command batch You to the ESPEED including the batch SLOWDOWN which You include the following commands batch to the SLOWDOWN ESPEED SLOWDOWN You the batch SLOW.BAT. to the SLOWDOWN the A. Then type SLOW and the to and the SLOWDOWN operating instructions creating and batch Enhancing Operations then to The
as Network the and the other connected to It write to and from the other computers. commands the the commands to from other computers. If as the to unauthorized users from commands the To this security, the SETUP If turn the the the operating or the software. Once commands the and operating or network software the This allows other the to the unauthorized users from commands and using the the as would turned off. The to unauthorized users from knowing that required. You to to as helpful. the Chapter of the instructions the and Then the section to Operations
If than 32MB and MS-DOS, the MS-DOS SHARE to and locking protection MS-DOS instructions. If SHARE, the following flashes software and WARNING! SHARE should Network or the operating or software and the command or the first displayed software. Follow these to Turn or You the though the to the and what type. should to Press such as to the command. If incorrect the respond. the and try the Operations I. The
You or You SETUP and off first. of the instructions. Then or the as Chapter of this VGA built-in VGA graphics both VGA and with The VGA operates VGA without that VGA features, to or of the the If VGA and VGA to these features: to or (non-interlaced) graphics with to graphics with text CI Graphics the built-in VGA Enhancing Operations
To graphic or of these VGA them. You the VGA the to of other features of VGA to of the VGA instructions and the VGA and the VGA Enhancing Operations
Chapter Accessing To reach internal to the cover. to the front and the subassembly (the that the and the supply). The instructions this chapter to these and the cover and the subassembly. to the and or the If reservations about these yourself, You only the subassembly to the math or SIMM or to or You to to or option Accessing
the To internal to the cover. Follow these Turn off the and then peripheral (including the and the from the and from the back that connected to the including the If the top of the it off and to Turn the around facing the back The cover screw the back as shown below. Turn the screw counterclockwise to the cover. Accessing
The cover the back, near the comers. Press both latches and then the cover from the back You might from the grounding the of the cover. the cover from the front of the to completely Then Accessing
of the the of the back as shown below, to ground and shock. WARNING to ground to the back of the the cover. If properly grounded, shock when Accessing
Removing the Subassembly You to the subassembly to or or to the SIMM or math board. The subassembly the casing that the and the supply, as shown below. Accessing
Follow these to the subassembly: the front from the gently releasing the three the top of the and You to screwdriver to release the If the connected to the board the of the subassembly, as shown below. Accessing internal
the and straight to from the the The connected to the the it the To the subassembly from the front of the thumbs the and the front of the subassembly. (If there the thumbs that instead.) Accessing
back the subassembly and the supply P4 and P5) connected to the right of the board, as shown below. each straight only the the subassembly of the and Accessing supply
the Subassembly Follow these to the subassembly: Notice that there four mounting the back of the subassembly: the corners and the comers. Accessing
There four the back of the which the subassembly the subassembly from and the back the the the the top Accessing
the front of the subassembly and the they the subassembly and its Then the supply P4 and P5. and as shown below. There supply the right of the board the back) that both of the supply as shown below. Accessing supply
P4 the the the right of the with the the back of the the the with the the and then the supply P5 to the the the Accessing If correctly the with the the
the front of the subassembly the that four the back of the the the subassembly. Accessing
the front of the subassembly the the front of the the the and the with the the If necessary, the the subassembly the and (The slightly than the the back of each to know which which. Accessing internal
Both the and located the board the of the subassembly, as shown below. Both notch shown below, there of the the first. notch Accessing
the with the the the with the notch the the the the the and then the the the To the front the three its the three notches the of the as shown below. the front the the top of the the Then the top of the Accessing the with the when
the Follow these to the cover: the back of the the cover that the with three the from as shown below. the three the three notches the front of the Accessing
the the and to tight Turn the screw the back clockwise to the cover to the the to the and other peripheral Then the to the back of the and to Accessing
Chapter and Removing You the performance of of including the following: Option Cl Memory LJ math option to function. option such as or interface, such as high-resolution graphics VGA or This chapter to option and with them. Memory memory modules)-allow to increase the amount of memory If to to to You however, follow the instructions this chapter to them yourself. This chapter the It to memory optional memory memory to of option to memory. memory memory than memory and
math the when software. If purchase math to to easily. If to yourself, follow the this chapter. This chapter to the the You to of options or to the operates. If to the clock and CMOS RAM, follow the instructions this chapter. To the battery, or the options the cover and to the subassembly. Chapter instructions. (You to the subassembly to or option cards.) and Removing
follow the instructions this chapter and Chapter the below to the board. (CN1) VGA interface --_-II-, math SIMM ED and supply
the that of the The the factory; however, the following the or the built-in VGA or the built-in or the function the to or If to follow the instructions this section. the The below shows the locations of the board. and
where the the It and the A) or and the B), as shown below. To from to the other, or to off its and to the to the or surrounding the board. @I3 @B and @B
The following the and their Function J1 A the built-in VGA the J2 A J3 the function J4 A* Factory If to follow these the cover as Chapter option that to the instructions. the option Option Card Follow the instructions Chapter to the cover. and Removing the built-in VGA option as the built-in or other connected to option B* the function
the Battery with lithium that the clock and the CMOS RAM. The clock of the and the CMOS RAM the information about that the SETUP This approximately three to years. If when or to or to the If to the yourself, follow the instructions this section. the the information the CMOS RAM and the the clock. the battery, the SETUP as the to and the clock. and Removing
Follow these to the battery: the cover as Chapter The attached to the of the the front as shown below. To the from the board, the CN1, as shown below. and
The attached to the with the from the of the as shown below. Then the from its and the and the CN1. Then to the of the as shown below. and
the to CN1. Follow the Chapter to the computers cover. Then the SETUP to and the the clock. of the instructions. and Removing CN1
Option Card four option three and option You option from authorized as as other This section to option If to option (to memory or math Option Card instructions. The below shows the four option option and Removing
through option and below, the Usually which option as as the fits the However, follow these when which to with the If the as as to the option the instructions that with the to this the If high-resolution graphics follow the instructions below to the then the VGA Interface to the to the VGA interface and Removing
Follow these to option the cover as Chapter If option that to the of J2 the the If to the of J1 and J4. instructions. the screw from the top of the option cover; to the screw the the cover. the screw to the option to the the cover the option and
Unpack the option and switches or necessary. the option instructions.) the to of the the board or the If to top of its with the facing the the the the top corners and the as shown below. the the straight Once the reach the the to You should the If the smoothly, force the and straight as the to that seated the the of the and Removing
the of the to the back of the with the screw. Follow the instructions to the cover. Then Post-installation the of this chapter. Option Card If to option follow these the cover as Chapter the screw the to the back of the and straight and of the the option with the and with the screw. If high-resolution graphics the VGA Connector, below, instructions. and Removing
If option that to the of J2 the board. If to the of J1 and J4. instructions. the cover. Chapter instructions. Then Post-installation the of this chapter. the VGA Interface includes VGA interface the board. This allows to high-resolution graphics of the option VGA and the VGA board circuitry. To the graphics interface to the VGA interface, follow these the cover as Chapter J1 the to to the built-in VGA the instructions. If already follow the instructions to the graphics and Removing
the VGA that with the board of the to the VGA interface the board, as shown below. the other of the to the interface the graphics instructions.) Follow the instructions Chapter to the cover. Then Post-installation the of this chapter. and Removing VGA interface
Memory with 4MB of memory directly the board. 4MB memory increase the memory to 16MB. It to memory they easily incorrectly. If them following the instructions this section. and this section the following to that they properly: only 4MB that of (nanoseconds) or the the The PLUS 4MB SIMM that with industry however, should SIMM option to and compatibility. and Removing
Memory There three SIMM the board. You 4MB SIMM each of these The following shows the SIMM that below. that 4MB of memory already directly the board. SIMM the PLUS SIMM memory* SIMM SIMM 4MB 8MB 4MB 4MB 12MB 4MB 4MB 4MB 16MB Includes 4MB board and Removing
Follow these to the cover and subassembly as Chapter The SIMM located the front of the board the math as shown the first SIMM the SIMM the the SIMM the other the board. the of the as shown below. SIMM and Removing SMM
To the SIMM the the At the the SIMM to upright, as shown below. and each SIMM to the subassembly and cover as Chapter Then Post-installation the of this chapter instructions with memory. The SIMM should the and the should through the both If it smoothly, force the and and Removing
Memory If to memory from or follow the below. If them yourself, the to from the It to there of and the cover and subassembly as Chapter or screwdrivers to the that the SIMM each to the too or they and Removing
each SIMM to the subassembly and as Then Post-installation the of this chapter instructions with memory. Math the board to 80387DX, or math and graphic displays when software. It to math that easily incorrectly. If yourself, to the that with math received Then follow the this section to to of the instructions and or the or the the SIMM to the the SIMM from the and Removing
follow these to math the cover and subassembly as the math from its and The math the and three of each It notch the corner, as shown below. The math notch corner, as shown below. and notch notch
Gently the the as shown below. the subassembly and cover as chapter Then Post-installation the of this chapter instructions with the notched of the with the notched of its The notched the to properly, its to the If the math the permanently and the the board. If the smoothly, force the and straight as It completely when the of the with the of the the and
Math If to math from You extracting to the without to without this easily Follow the to the cover and subassembly. Then the with the and the subassembly and the cover. the the SETUP to without Chapter of the instructions. Post-installation Memory Curds optional memory to to Follow these the SETUP to to include the memory memory Chapter of the instructions. the that with memory to the with memory instructions. If the memory follow the instructions the CORFIX below, the software. Post-installation below, information with option and Removing
the CORFIX To with the memory to CORFIX, Reference and then SMART, the Follow these to CORFIX: If the CORFIX.EXE to the directory where If the the Reference A. Then type and CORFIX and To the the SMART as to that The the to with the SMART when the immediately this (Y/N) If and the following completed. The SMART used. You the following [VI. To without the [VI, the operating and Removing
Post-installation or options such as memory or SETUP to the to the know the type of Chapter of the instructions. If the the clock and CMOS RAM, SETUP to and the clock. of the If that received (such as to the the that with and then, necessary, follow the instructions to If and to MS-DOS or another operating from that to the operating the that with operating instructions. If optional memory the that with it to the with the memory instructions. Additionally, to commands to operating and the that with optional instructions. You to newly-installed option. options with their and the Reference to memory, and and instructions. and Removing
and The instructions this chapter to and optional You these instructions to of including and Although from the the If or of the this chapter apply; the that with information. of the procedures below, follow the to the cover and subassembly. installation or follow the instructions Chapter to the subassembly and cover. Then Post-installation Procedures the of Chapter information about the SETUP with or to to If to yourself, follow the instructions this chapter or and Removing
Choosing the Correct and mounting which to three as shown below. with already the mounting If 3-inch this If first to the mounting If or the and Removing mounting
The the that with This of the following of 5-inch You of of the following the 5-inch CD-ROM, or other to This Chapter the below to the instructions should follow first this chapter. or instruction If or and leaving another the Removing Removing From the or or the or other Information each of these sections to the instructions should follow with 5-inch mounting or other with 5-inch mounting with this section the Jumpers and Removing
the You to the or The the whether using or You to these If the below, to the If and leaving another to the the to that the only installed. If the each to which the (primary) and which the (secondary) the which the operating that the its memory each You and both the and the the operating the Follow the instructions below to the and Removing
the The located the board, the The instructions this section the the 120MB The slightly location, them the the that with the There three the the 120MB and
The following the the 120MB One SP DS CS To from to the other, or to off its and gently to the other to the or the as If to the DS. Then the the instructions first If the SP and DS. the If both of to the the first. or the instructions. If of already the follow the Removing From the to Then the both while they of the and
If and to the the to that only the the Then follow the instructions From the the the the Follow the instructions this section to (or the mounting You to the following the mounting from the mounting from the and to the the the and If the mounting should follow the this section. If that previously from this to the and
the Mounting from the with 5-inch mounting attached to each of the as shown below. and Removing mounting
On there Follow these to the mounting (and from the If necessary, the screws the and the grounding to of the mounting as shown below. the four screws the mounting to the There screws each as shown below. and Removing
and Attaching the Mounting Plate If the first to mounting to the This mounting plate currently attached to the right of the subassembly. Follow these to the mounting plate from the screw the mounting to the and Then the mounting to Turn the facing and the the back of the facing to the right. and
the four screws that to the mounting to the the If to or of the first follow the instructions or the the vertically mounted or Then the of the mounting plate the and the four the with the four the as shown below. mounting and
Follow these to the the mounting the the right of the subassembly with the mounting plate facing and the and facing the back of the subassembly. the that with It with three each and the (If the attached to the other and Removing
The of the of of which with as shown below. The the back of the of of the and
the with the that the the with the with the the with the as shown below. the the and then the Connector. of the supply that from the supply the The P1, P2, and P3; and
The supply the back of the to the connected. the supply through the the right of the subassembly reaches the easily. the with the that the notched as shown below. Notice that there facing of the mounting These the right of the subassembly. notched corners and Removing notched corners
the the and the top of the the subassembly. Then the screw the mounting plate with the the subassembly the to the with the screw. and
Removing From the You to the from the the following You the You another or the Follow these the screw the mounting plate to the subassembly and the slightly to the right and off the subassembly. and Removing
Disconnect the and the from the the back of the as shown below. the straight from the the the the If to the it and or the below. If to the to the four screws the mounting plate to the Then and the mounting plate with the screws. the its and supply
or Removing the This section to or Although the the these instructions to the If the mounting or the From the the the following that the (If the Jumpers instructions.) If mounting attached to the fits properly the mounting already installed. If with follow the instructions the that with the to them. Follow these to If 5-inch that the release the If 3lh-inch that 5-inch 31R-inch that the release the right and the light the If that the with the facing with and
There or three each of the the the round the with the each of the as shown below. the the the back of the subassembly. Watch the the of the when the the the of them. If its that the front of the with the the (A fits the the and
the four screws that with screws the each of the and them with screwdriver, as shown below. If the to turn the subassembly and Then the connected to the top and the other free. the the of the to the If to If to shown the there this with of the and
The interface that from the back of the both the with the interface that the the with the the interface, as shown below. the fits properly the interface and then the interface. Then to If the correctly, when and
the that from the the mounting Follow the instructions below to the the of this to the shown below, there of the One of the with Notice the the back of the of of the and Removing
the with the that the the with the with the the with the as shown below. the the and then the If correctly the with the when the the subassembly, of the supply that from the supply the The P1, P2, and P3; and
If necessary, follow the instructions the to vertically mounted The the back of the to the the supply that the notched the with the notched of the supply the the and then the notched corners If the correctly, when and Removing notched corners
From the Follow these to from the from the back of the as shown below. supply Then the supply from the back of the and Removing
the screws the to the There screws each the from the front of the completely and If and leaving another the the to that the Jumpers instructions.) If necessary, follow the instructions the to vertically mounted and
and
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU memory memory ROM RAM Math (optional) Battery 80386DX clock or memory 4MB RAM 4MB to 16MB; SIMM or 64KB cache SRAM cache 64KB BIOS, 32KB VGA BIOS KB, ROM BIOS and ROM RAM through SETUP 80387DX, or clock, and CMOS RAM 3.6V lithium battery; Specifications
Interfaces Option VGA A-2 Specifications Supports of four 5-inch, highdensity, 1.2MB; 5-inch, doubledensity, 360KB; 3Winch, high- 1.44MB; 720KB; board Supports (IDE) interface VGA with 512KB of memory; to and to D-shell RS-232C, asynchronous; D-shell DIN, PS/2 or other DIN, PS/2 input/output (three ISA and ISA IBM VGA pass-through interface board 3Winch, doubledensity,
145W, fan-cooled, input 100VAC to 125VAC and to VAC VDC Amps, VDC Amps 5-inch 1.2MB (highdensity) Other Half-height CD-ROM, or other 5-inch or VDC Amps, VDC Amps Three half-height mount and mounts) using the following: 3M-inch 1.44MB (highdensity) 5-inch 360KB capacity 3M-inch 720KB (doubledensity) capacity 3%inch factor to height the first mounted vertically, mounted with 5-inch mounting 3%~inch Specifications A-3
Function Physical Characteristics inches inches A-4 Specifications QWERTY function to to to inches without
Memory board: 64KB Duplicated from 000FE0000h board: 64KB Duplicated FE0000h I/O ROM: 96KB ROM I/O memory: 128KB graphics memory: 640KB BIOS ROM: 64KB Duplicated from memory BIOS ROM: 64KB RAM Duplicated VGA BIOS ROM: 32KB RAM 16MB memory) 1MB 640KB Specifications A-5
A-6 Specifications
Performing This to the to the of and peripheral The to the following the the You of to to continuously or of to the If the and to the Where to the Introduction technical information. Memory and and Performing
Starting the To the follow these the Reference and or the the following the At the operating If necessary, the and At the A: type DIAG and You title Press to You the The Memory Testing (T)imebound (P)assbound (Y/N) (Y/N) of highlighted <F6> of CPU B-2 Performing Press to SETUP functionality CPU protected DMA teat clock ClsDS to
from the option the top of the of the tests. the the board appears when first the the board option selected. The the of the to the The to these to selections and tests: selected the Select or selection Select selections selected each appears the of the Function to the to the category to the to the the the or Performing B-3
the The the following the (passbound) The recorded to the or other If to the F2 to to the (Press to and to the of tests.) The first the which to the You this Testing (T)imebound (P)assbound Timebound the the the amount of specify; the them; Passbound the the the of specify. This the necessary, and The option (Y/N) Press This the of and then B-4 Performing and to the [VI and the to when to (Y the and then [PI,
Press when The option Press the below, Press (N the You information that the to the If selected Continuous testing, the information. Instead, this the If selected Timebound testing, this To specify the amount of to the type the of hours (from to and Then type the of (from to and You the backspace to and the to (Y/N) [VI and to the that and to the Performing B-5
If selected Passbound testing, this of Specify the of (from to to the or without to the of You the backspace to once the of only. this to (LPT1) to Press the to the and (Press If the the from to N. If the (LPT1), the writes the to the connected to the assigned LPT1. If the the writes the to the connected to the COM1 B-6 Performing [tl or [II to highlight the which to the and to the
If the displays this (You Press [tl to highlight the which to the and ERROR.LOG the directory of the specified the tests, the ERROR.LOG to the that occurred the The this or specify the the existing ERROR.LOG specify the of these appear: Record the and Once the ready to the A: B: C: D: or C Performing B-7 The
Selecting To to highlight the category the Then highlight the the and to completed, this Press to to Selecting To highlight each to and To selection, highlight the and To the selected of tests, highlights each as the You to selections. You with other tests. The below the that individually. to individually board Force Performing B-8 F3 [F41 to and or or The clock to
You testing and to the holding the You to the and tests. If the immediately. If the the the first of the If the than once, the the each If selected Passbound testing, the displays the the right of the the If testing. selected with [FII selected selected with them. to to them. to to selections when finished each of tests. selections when finished each of tests. and F4 [VI the the The [F3) to these tests, the (F31 and (F31 and [FII selected Performing B-9 the
the The below of the and to other sections this chapter information. Function functionality such as and of CPU Memory B-10 CPU protected protected instructions such as LSL, VERR, and LAR DMA clock CMOS BIOS ROM Parity clock the memory and of DMA and count to RTC RTC to the CMOS RAM Memory of BIOS ROM memory memory read/write shorts and that
Memory Performance Check Force Random read/write read/write appears Refresh Scan/ASCII clock Attribute graphics graphics* Function shorts and that shorts the refresh the the assigned to the the clock the the memory the the the the graphics the graphics Performing B-11
(continued) selection* the function of the appears only Memory If relocated memory the to their locations the memory or they properly. If memory the displays this Press to memory The displays of the board and highlights the memory Press B-12 Performing Function Color the background and graphics* the graphics graphics the graphics Comm.
or the to back tests. The following which and which Format Force the displays the following Press the operation. You should of the SCSI to (Y/N)? [VI and to the Press Performance B-13 Performing and to
The the following type Interleave factor track head head Each below. You this the (C/D) C If the C and this type The the type of based the type the CMOS RAM the SETUP and displays the following type the the types. If to the type, type that matches and B-14 Performing oratohighli htthe ?I
If the option (type the the following information: factor The interleave factor affects the performance of You the following IDE or the recommends. the track optional. The displays the following the You to the that with the PLUS. Press and then If of of heads of sectors Interleave (Y/N) M. [VI and then Clear and this Performing B-15 necessary,
or Then the track information. the track correct, highlight and and the the the when it the and The displays the following the and numbers: the first and which to the The the and the the than the highest of the 40MB the highest and head The displays the following the and head numbers: head head the first and head which to the tests. The the head and the the head than the highest head of the head the 40MB the the Proceed to the B-16 Performing Ir] to highlight option and [VI and
Format The low-level If with factory-installed or optional already You to the that this type of low-level and with its own You and the the operating this low-level operating instructions. The You to serious with the formatting with every other recovery operating Then back the the If the the the of the to the tracks. B-17 Performing
This the the the of the to them. The three formatting the the tracks, and the The Performance This the performance of the and track-to-track based the the count, and the amount of The the second. It reads 64KB of and counts the of this (64KB The track-to-track milliseconds this The of this higher and performance. This the of the the specified of and heads. The of and reports B-18 Performing
This the and of the the specified of and heads. The both and and operations and reports This the which the the You should this when the Force Tracks this to tracks the without formatting The Force The displays of while testing the the and those the The following appears to the Performance with than 128KB of memory: memory memory 128KB Performing B-19
The displays of the following when found to ECC sector detected activity ECC corrected sector found operation selected If of these the and If or the The following which and which R(ead/W(rite) R(ead/W(rite) B-20 Performing
Performing the The the of the and its to the that the MS-DOS FORMAT command and that write-protected. the to the Once the completed successfully, the to of the the following These properly the previously the specially R(ead/W(rite) the of read/write operation. the R(ead)/W(rite) of read/write operation. the of the that when or from Function the rotates 1.2MB. 51/4-inch should 1.2MB RPM and 360KB RPM. 1.44MB, 3!4-inch should RPM. allowed: B-21 Performing
to that the Then that when of the other tests. that the You the following the (A/B) If necessary, type the and only already Press Press finished of these the The displays of while the and those the The the following the Warning This appears the properly and the or its Performing B-22 the Proceed [VI and the Proceed to the and to to (If
You the following to the that such as 360KB or 720KB The displays of these when These of or or to write-protected or These the to of the and This the and the to the If the the the CRC DMA write Protected Record found Timeout Comm. Performing B-23
the that the loaded, and or of the following of selected interface I/O this RS-232C, AT-type loopback to the This the to and the back You purchase the from supply stores. the with the following RD and TD shorted DSR and DTR shorted CI CTS and RTS shorted. This the to Then the and and testing the following Ci Oddparity length. B-24 Performing
If of the following there with the or the to that the securely connected to the If the Exiting To from the the following the Reference from A. If the Then to the You this The the operating Break Parity to (Y/N)? while [VI and Performing B-25 You
B-26
C Troubleshooting You should as and of the ordinary to this You repeating software or the trying the this chapter, the of instructions. If the or the Where to the Introduction. technical ready to the of its ROM BIOS its (including the type of and option cards), and the and of software You the the back If to follow the below to information about as as ROM BIOS and MS-DOS (or other operating numbers. If the MS-DOS (or other A. Turn or the RESET to Troubleshooting
the the memory the of ROM BIOS appears the of the write the If enough to write the RESET and try Press to SETUP, the the information about shown the SETUP Then SETUP (without the If MS-DOS, the type VER and to the MS-DOS built-in memory (ROM) of which These internal such as ROM, RAM, the the and the The RAM displays the amount of memory currently If the displays the the and to when reporting If the serious, the further and The the and the If this as as this information and both the and to C-2 Troubleshooting
The following and that appear If the below; they to the troubleshooting section this or offer If the section that covers C: CH-2 CMOS CMOS CMOS type CMOS CMOS memory CMOS options CMOS and D: Action Battery SETUP as Chapter of the If write and SETUP as Chapter of the If write and SETUP as Chapter of the then SETUP and and Chapter Troubleshooting C-3
(continued) locked ROM BIOS C-4 Troubleshooting
Other then then The Wont If when turn the the following: the light If and off the the securely to both the AC the back and the or Reference necessary, and the If the light the Turn off and the from the the and to the If or of such as to reconnected the and correctly. If off the least seconds turning back This allows the to clear and its memory. Action C with Memory or memory RAM; or and Troubleshooting C-5
If the and the If the cant the C-10. The If and when type the follow these operations than others to the to than to typed character. If reasonable of to the to its The first such it to its what If the the MS-DOS the RESET and If that the Reference and the RESET If the the to the Reference and RESET. Then SETUP as of the and the correct. to SETUP information when the C-6 Troubleshooting
the below. Could software causing the If Software this The caused this If to whatever the and to the MS-DOS the and information or If respond, the Computer Chapter information. If the off and least seconds. If the or Reference A. Then the It should operating If and to that as to the of J1 the board to the built-in VGA If the the You to J4. the Chapter instructions. (or command or the RESET Troubleshooting C-7
If the SETUP the the memory Then the displays the If the the If the following: If type the and type and If know the to or Chapter the instructions. If know the follow the below. Accessing If and follow these Turn off the and follow the instructions the Chapter to the function J3 to A. to ground the back of the touching of the the cover the turn Turn the You the C-8 Troubleshooting nothing
the Press to SETUP Highlight Turn off the and follow the instructions the to the function J3 to B. If the A. Turn the to or write and If the to the the appears, SETUP and SETUP Follow the instructions Chapter of the to or Not to to SETUP information when the If the the to the If the and immediately. You the Troubleshooting C-9
If with the the following: If the when or the the securely connected to its Connecting the Chapter of the instructions. If the properly, the function the /arrow the as numbers. to the the right of the the to off the function. If nothing when type the The Not Respond, If with the B. If the the following: If there the that the switch and that the light the If the light anything the the and If the switch the light off the seconds, and the back to the displays C-IO Troubleshooting
If the light the outlet Turn off and from the the and to the If the connected to the properly. Connecting Chapter of the the instructions to to the and match, and, its switches or properly. Connecting of the and the and instructions. chosen the type the SETUP the Chapter of the If to the the type of and using the and software. If that graphics the Troubleshooting C-11
If and to that as to the of J1 the to the built-in VGA the You to J4. the Chapter instructions. If with the tests, B. If the the where bought the If or the following You the upsidedown or the the from the and with the facing If the latch, to to the the Chapter instructions and If the the and to another of the type, the the other and the operation. If this the below. to the right type of trying to 1.44MB 720KB of Drives information. C-12 Troubleshooting
If the right type write-protected. On 5-inch there write-protect the notch its or there On the operating instructions formatting You incorrect type when the SETUP SETUP to the Chapter of the instructions. of the following MS-DOS the write-protect switch to the write-protect or there switch. You write-protected function properly the write-protected. the Chapter information. Abort, Retry? reading writing If of these the properly the If the the and If the copying the from the to Troubleshooting C-13
If there something with the the operating or the information the incorrectly. This the of these of Cl includes of other expected output If MS-DOS, CHKDSK to the repairs; MS-DOS instructions. If or with the following: If with that about the If the yourself, follow the instructions Chapter of this the instructions and the to correctly. the SETUP to the type of as of the the FDD option SETUP to Enabled? of the instructions.) C-14 Troubleshooting
If with the the tests, B. If the If the or If with the of installation, or The this section three the Cl the tl Accessing the the section that to cover the to the Accessing the If that (such as formatting the to back reformatting or repartitioning the C-15 Troubleshooting
the If with newly-installed the following: If the that about the If the yourself, follow the instructions Chapter of this the instructions and the to correctly. Also the to they correctly. If and connected to the the board, SETUP to the information? to chose the type, and that the FDD option to Enabled. Chapter of the instructions. If physically the (or initialized) and operating This type of the it yourself. If the with its utility, that follow the instructions Format. that this physical type of from the software-based type of formatting commands (such as the MS-DOS SELECT or FORMAT commands). the below, information. C-16 Troubleshooting
If with its option the built-in and the type through SETUP? Chapter of the instructions. the (which already physically the following to it the SETUP to as of the of the instructions.) and the the operating If MS-DOS, instructions these and the operating MS-DOS If another operating follow the instructions that with If the correctly, to the the and MS-DOS (or another operating the operating to the to the operating from the when the If the properly and as the the instructions operating each the correctly If the Troubleshooting C-17
Accessing the If using and reduction performance, the the become You to back and then compaction to the information. If with back and physically the Then to the operating and back the Format and operating instructions. If or read/write the physical Software If with the following If the that following the the and that correctly. If and the directory that or specifying the directory. If the A. C-18 Troubleshooting
If of these software the software technical or While properly the the software to this the and the CPU operating necessary. the Chapter instructions and information copy-protected If MS-DOS command that to there combinations type to MS-DOS to what These and the to the If when type the Follow the instructions Chapter If the off seconds, and then back Then and Troubleshooting C-19
to follow with If the and information, If that the and properly connected to the (Also, Chapter of the instructions or the the DIP switch or These properly with the If using than or than the know which and which secondary. Chapter of the instructions to the and the SETUP If properly functioning, from the MS-DOS the displays the MS-DOS and This should the of the If to the of the (or To this, the MS-DOS MODE or SETMODE command. and the MS-DOS (such as properly they to what required. C-20 Troubleshooting (such as C or A>),
If that the properly. instructions. Also instructions with the or the Communication these tests. If the Option Card If option and functioning properly, the following: the option correctly? The with option the seated its the Chapter and the instructions that with the the necessary DIP switches or the option the instructions. the the board? Chapter information. the SETUP to the of the If the option to to the to the to the the back C-21 Troubleshooting
If high-resolution graphics to the VGA interface with the Chapter the procedures the software with the option If necessary, software instructions. If with the following: that securely connected to its the back of the Also, connected to the Chapter of the information. If the connected properly, that J2 board correctly Chapter information. the correctly? software and the that with instructions. If the that with troubleshooting information, or C-22 Troubleshooting
Memory If memory to and that memory operating properly, the following: If the memory count displayed the incorrect, or the correctly. The the they the type, or they the their to the SETUP or memory to memory Chapter of the instructions. If with write and Battery The lithium battery. It should from three to years to the batterys exhausted, of the following Purchase and follow the instructions Chapter to or to If to the yourself. If them, Memory and the instructions. CMOS CMOS options Troubleshooting C-23
Math If to operating properly, the following: the SETUP and to that the as the SETUP If as Not or the incorrectly. Chapter of the and Chapter of this information. information about to without this tool. If math as the SETUP to the that with troubleshooting information and C-24 Troubleshoofing
or that the location where information memory. that or acts the Application software to such as or spreadsheet ASCII American Information representing characters, such as numbers, and graphic ASCII character of computers, and transmitted ASCII Asynchronous of which character to another that to to AUTOEXEC. BAT The batch that when MS-DOS. Batch
The that the to switch from to when of or that created the or memory The memory the below 1MB that to MS-DOS and programsusually 640KB. memory or memory. Batch type of that of MS-DOS commands command. Batch text with the .BAT. type the MS-DOS the commands that sequentially. BIOS ROM Memory) that input/output functions of the operating and the or The of The of the or of charge. To the operating the memory.
or of that character. CGA Graphics type of that to of text with characters each graphics or four-color graphics Character that the or the includes numbers, and graphic CMOS Complementary type of of or instructions. software or of Command instruction (usually to to function. Command The or that MS-DOS and ready to instructions. The command displays the and directory. If C, the this:
The of of typical consists of with and to and when and another the that instructs the to function. Copy-protected type of that copied. copy-protected to the the while the to instead of high CPU Processing Unit. The of the that instructions, the of and input and operations. Cursor The highlighted that shows the
The of that read/write head. The of to the of the of heads. Information such as text or graphics or which (as to or that when the or temporarily or the of that of and such as or containing instructions that allow to and The and the to its internal and its
DIP switch switch. switch option or that function. Directory of of directory shows the location, and of the the directory. directory both and The and The physical that allows the to from and write to which sealed protective of coated with to permanently. board that of the option to the interface. the the displays text and graphics. the PLUS, VGA built the board.) known as
DOS commonly operating that the input and type of that allows to as as the 5-inch 360KB of 720KB of The of colon-for C:. EGA Enhanced Graphics type of that allows to high-resolution graphics It to of text with characters each or or graphics to Expandedmemory Memory that specially written MS-DOS with Expanded Memory (EMS) such as EMM386. Memory Memory 1MB that the protected of the and to and operating 3$4-inch
of to three characters which to to of related of information records, or together Text of and of and to and instructions. to characters that MS-DOS to Format To (or to that information. Formatting and sectors and locations Graphics and other The to of It and than
physical of such as or CPU. with of and High-density type of that allows to than or 5-inch high-density 1.2MB of high-density 1.44MB of Input/output Inter/ace physical or software to or that option or the board to function. containing copy-protected that the while the
(KB) to memory or One bytes. LIM EMS of the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification-a that allows to memory that MS-DOS The built containing the the to Math optional that the to mathematical MCGA Monochrome/Color Graphics type of that or graphics MDA type of that displays text only such as or (MB) to memory or One 1024KB.
to (of internal clock). second. The PLUS operates or Memory The where Memory permanently ROM) or temporarily RAM). Memory board that memory chips. You 4MB memory to the board the to the memory. memory commonly SIMM memory Memory The memory option the MGA Graphics type of that and graphics the of CPU
that allows to and The of that the and displays information. that displays such as or as to which with or buttons. the the the the MS-DOS Microsoft The operating commonly with that input and of The and to the right of the
The which the commands. The PLUS or of (such as MS-DOS, OS/2, or UNIX) that operations. The operating the and input and Option board the to such as OS/2 The operating Microsoft that and The type of interface that the of Interface and to that MS-DOS what to and information such as what to and where to or
Parity to the of that the of the or The operating to sections or You and or The of characters to type the to and Pathname The directory to the pathname the SALES, the subdirectory BUSINESS, \BUSINESS\SALES. (such as or connected to that the its operation. physical input/output to which peripheral that the to its internal and each
that instructions and what to and to Prompt the displays to information or what action to Command RAM Access Memory. The of the memory to and while RAM when off or the to To from to another. when text the the from the and displays the Read/write head The physical that reads from and records the of clock battery-powered clock the that of the and when the off.
To operating information RAM. RGB type of ROM Read Memory. of memory that and temporary ROM its when off the directory The top directory MS-DOS, (backslash). other of the directory. RS-232C used, type of interface. You RS-232C to the built-in Sector section of that which the The to its The type of interface that Interface and
RAM The the PLUS that the to the ROM BIOS and ROM the RAM of memory to processing. SIMM Memory Software The that to the and functions Subdirectory directory or of that branches from another subdirectory or from the directory. Switch option to MS-DOS command that the the Switches usually of the to the functioning correctly. that the operating The physical that allows to and
Tracks resembling the record, which to the areas. UNIX operating that and to UNIX with of computers, from to VGA Graphics type of high-resolution The VGA built the board of graphics to and graphics to VGA that of the option to interface. with built-in VGA to to this interface. To To the from write-protect the notch 5-inch or the write-protect switch 3Sinch write-protected, or its