America or or or with to this and of merchantability and or indirect or allow the of or this apply to rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying recording or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information from the of the information contained this publication and to without EPSON of Corporation. ActionNote, ActionPoint, and ActionPort of Inc EPSON service of America, Inc Other and of their respective owners EPSON and rights those ENERGY STAR SM EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. Copyright Inc. California, USA IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the and AC Turn off the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the type of indicated the outlets the as or that switch and off. the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords rating the of the outlet Amps as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the or the the or the or the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions to the as carry-on to from If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and protection this the building protected
o o instructions conserver tous type marche-arrt tous branches tomber
Computers Computers Wartungspersonal, hat Computers
This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions interference to and reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following The of nonshielded interface to this the FCC of thisdevice and interference that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces or the the authority tooperate the This the Class from as the interference of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected FOR CANADlAN USERS WARNING
Started EPSON and ready to This chapter the information to started. of the features the back of this of the front cover, and to write information about ActionNote the back cover. the ActionNote and the attached If chosen operating please the instruction Choosing If this or the should with Read the troubleshooting information Chapter or the EPSON ActionNote SM TM GettingStarted
To ActionNote, the each of the and the shipped with and ready to when of the to charged, the AC to to outlet whenever information, Chapter the Computer. Started
Connecting the AC The lightweight AC included with ActionNote operates the input to VAC and NOTE If purchased the United States, the international AC the International AC of the information. Follow these to the AC the the the back of the the of their then the Started
the about hours with the turned and about hours when turned off. While recharges, the charge light the charged, Turning the On and The on/off beneath the right. Press the to the the it of its and To the off, and the seconds. to off the Checking the Lights The lights the information about Started
the The and located the of the the to the right to increase the or to the to On only, the brightness to the right to the or to the to On active isnt to the bright and Started
the ActionPoint You the the built-in ActionPoint TM It with software that PS/2 and that its To the the ActionPoint The when touches the To click, the once or and release the To and item and the and then You the while the Started
reach the of the the to the or This called. Edge Motion. software to these ActionPoint ActionPoint Click Double-click Click and Select Right Learning More About ActionPoint information about the and of ActionPoint Chapter You the the ActionPoint Started Right
the that the functions as thanks to function and The function other The the ActionNote with You the operating to reassign the of operating the To the and then the function functions Function F8 the F9 and only) F10 the the LCD, or both Started
the the the the or that instead of the Press to and off. To while the With off, or the the Creating Software with software the included. However, the to or You that these the instruction Choosing Started
o This chapter to battery and the supplied. the AC The AC charges the and the off from the whenever to when PC the charge light to charging when the Battery charging Light If to the countries other than the U.S. or to purchase the international AC EPSON offers Battery charging normally Battery Flashing Battery properly or the
the International AC and the of the information. CAUTION To the the ActionNote computers. the Battery The and hours of when features. the the It when the following: operating to batterys and features. operating the bright the often PC
the Battery The that with rechargeable. It hours to charge completely when the off or when If the while the recharging, to hours. If that the its charge the reaching its completely; then recharge You the optional charger to the battery. the Battery If batteries, them when This when CAUTION the batterypack the ActionNote computers. You the optional charger to charge while another the Battery the
Conditioner of the information. NOTE localgovernment agency recycling information rechargeable batteries. Follow these to the battery: the and or Press the on/off the and the CAUTION To the with Press the release then the and of the
the the and then ActionNote offers of to three power-saving and These reduce functions and turning off when they as the following The and their timeout and the backlight off whenever the cover. You the F8. CPU clock reduced CPU clock further reduced, backlight turned off, and other CPU clock and turned off, and other the
You the (located the and to and temporarily activity. the to Then the light and the becomes NOTE operating where background the appear to inactive when of these this With battery, the without To activity, the Battery Protection The ActionNotes features when the of the light flashes and the At this should immediately and the
the AC or off the and the (as earlier this chapter). the to when the reaches This protects the of memory hours. You ActionNote to to the whenever reaches With this the memory the and protected indefinitely. To activity where off to and the on/off ActionNote On to On, the to and off the the To instantly (without operating or software applications), the on/off the
instructions ActionNote to the to and On features, On and to Chapter purchasing this of users concerned about conserving the using and to they If them off when them. the option software something. to catch formatting them to If to rather than this and and whenever
to Work This chapter information about ActionNote. Reading from theft. ActionNote offers of that to the and that to both of NOTE The related to the through operating to Work
Whether the with or the the the or the this the and To the the characters type, If type the incorrectly, the the the The allows three to correctly. If correctly, the Turn off the seconds, and If correctly, the the operating without Security Chapter information. to Work
You 720KB or 1.44MB high-density, 35-inch, 1.44MB To with the facing and the leading the the the To the the light off. Then the release and the CAUTION or or off the while the accessed; Also, to the off the to Work
the Occasionally, when the respond, to clears the memory and the operating To the the Ctrl and the and Then follow instructions Comfortably Its easy to of the too without motion and Follow these to strain: to Work ActionNote with and ActionPoint to of these while If of wrist resting forearms or other while type. and too the from the when and stretch
Caring Although built years of ActionNote and to with to the and AC and them to heat or cold. To to the LCD, top of the when closed. the or the PC their covers closed to to the the off the other than PC that Caring
Protecting the and of Follow. these however, to and life. off or the when it copying to or from the (the light the when the turning the off, seconds the This allows the the to and the read/write heads to Although the to back regularly.
and the ActionNote, the off and the closed. carrying or If attached, they turned off and The ActionNote operating of to or to You should within that to to the If using ActionNote while, protected from and The ActionNote from to or to Also, than hour, or CAUTION to as carry-on to from Caring
Cleaning ActionNote You to ActionNote occasionally. Clean the with cloth. free cloth to the LCD the directly the Cleaning the ActionPoint The ActionPoint to which lint-free cloth to the ActionPoint. If something lightly the cloth with cleaner. the directly the ActionPoint, and its completely Cleaning the Its to the occasionally. The heads to the and offer cleaning follow the instructions the
Several internal ActionNote including the and memory. the If to the existing follow the instructions below. You tools. ActionNote EPSON-qualified, IDE with 2.5-inch factor and height of the EPSON or to about the CAUTION to of andprograms.
Follow these to the Turn off the and or the LCD and the Press the from the cover and the cover back slightly. Then the cover off, as shown.
the to the and from the If to the the and from the as shown below. internal
Follow these to If already the attached, with If necessary, the the the with the of the right of the the and properly the straight the the the cover the of four the of the
the and the the the with the the Press the the seated. The ActionNote IDE to high. If the that with than high, spacer. If to the from the
the cover the that the arrow the with the first notch the the and then the operating as Chapter to the Then 26MB the operating instructions. the operating PHDISK to the On and to information.
and the You to the to memory. to the Removing the Follow these to the Turn off the and the AC attached and the as as the both of the below the screwdriver to each and then off, as shown.
screwdriver to the the You the as shown or front of the and right hinges. the and from the
the holding the top from the and front of the the the ready to the to the the previous section as follow these the and the the and that the the the Gently the top of the securely You should to force the caught the of the
the the then back The fits tightly should the function the the screws each of the and them the the or right they the the that the smoothly. If of the back the each cover and the of the If the the The top of the should the of the If the try the following approach: the top of the the With the the the of the with the Gently the the
Memory ActionNote 8MB of memory the board, and which or 16MB memory If using On or to to the PHDISK the amount of memory. Chapter information. CAUTION memory and If fee/ yourself, Authorized EPSON Servicer Memory memory If to with higher-capacity follow the below to the memory If the section, Memory to the as the previous section.
Press each of the the of the memory and the of the released. the of the You ready to the memory Memory Follow these to the memory CAUTION memory to electricity. touching the memory its ready to as stationary as while
the memory with the notch the right corner, with the the of the the memory the the clicks Press the it the the the as the previous section. as Chapter to the memory. the of memory mismatch)
You ActionNote of covered this chapter. ActionPoint You the amount of to apply to as as the and of the Select the ActionPoint (the Then the below to ActionPoint and choose from three and three or to the selected while and back to while follow the to increase LCD
ActionPoint (continued) the of the to the motion of the Double-click Acceleration Increases the relation to the temporarily of four operating motion, motion, motion, and motion buttons the to to location whenever Shortcuts the to to location when Custom assign assignments combinations to and actions Edge motion Touch threshold thedirection of the and right motion when reaches the of the apply the the that right or clicks
To the that then the OK to immediately. If another and then to to the ActionPoint, to the ActionPoint the following commands the MS-DOS CD\SYNTOUCH INSTALL ActionNote and the the CMOS ROM (read-only memory). this of memory backed battery, when off or the The of to when or You to
Starting To (If already then Ctrl the following as this F8. If F8 within seconds, the the operating You the and the the the which memory to other memory memory memory. the right, and arrow to the from option to option. Once highlighted option to the or or the to through the and the Press or to to the or previous Press F8 to SETUP
information each option. Highlight the option and F1 to or the the following options the the hour the the BIOS Disabled* from the type of detected)* CPU the Disabled* C:, A:, C* Disabled* Security or allows to the type the from which the operating Security below protection to or only the the the LCD or connected); displays both
The below the Additional information follows. options Enabled* to to Timeout to Timeout to15 Battery to HDD On Disabled* Timeout Enabled* Enabled* Timeout FDD Enabled* Timeout or completely the or the or inactivity the or the of inactivity (following or the of inactivity the off or the of inactivity the off below below or reduction when inactive or reduction when inactive or reduction when inactive
The below the options. options ECP or EPP when connected and Enabled* the internal cache Enabled* the cache operation when cache Assigns the the the or the Assigns the the the IR or the Assigns the the the IRQ the IRQ the Enabled* the built-in Block IDE IR* the operation of turned
ready to You the Press of the following to the timeout options of the following function to timeout to the or F4 and the the the options and F5 to without Function F2 Selects Performance performance states, allows to F3 Selects Battery and performance
You to to the that You the (without F8, You should, however, when changingthe and LOW Battery These features when about to information about On and to The LOW Battery option allows to or to HDD which the following The to amount of If suspended, the eventually and of and to HDD memory to and the off, protected.
On through the as to HDD, that to when the of these features, to The already to 26MB the (allowing memory This invisible to software, and the amount of to reduced. The PHDISK the this the to and On functions the These options immediately. You might to this the memory the PHDISK the following commands the DOS If FDISK or the operating to 26MB the operating PHDISK to the CD\PM PHDISK/CREATE
Security This section to to unauthorized people from ActionNote. NOTE that once correctly. yourpassword and it If the EPSON You of and If the to each or If the to each F8 to Follow the instructions the sections to or Chapter information using
Follow these to Highlight the option. Press to characters type, the whether and when type Press the and (If incorrect the trying the correctly Press to The option You highlight the Security option and SETUP which the to the You SYSTEM. If SYSTEM, prompted to the whenever the or
or If to or follow these Highlight the option. Press You the Press If the The option to Disabled. Press the and Press to If type the You only displayed the
and includes high-resolution If these to to the Chips and to the thing To these operating or If higher LCD than the and and from to the to the NOTE ActionNote to VGA or You the LCD, the or both F10. You the the information.
To the of applications, the EPSON or of the EPSON services, as Where to Card The ActionNote and SoundBlaster You to the input This or other sounds the built- microphone or microphone to sounds. the to the sound You headphones, or to the or sound includes and software. These and located the or the following The records, and sounds .WAV and .AUD
Additional sound included with ActionNote. information about the software, the with each The following the I/O (IRQ) DMA Recording the recording and of input The from playback, the and of each The records, stores, and sounds directly to (or from) The of and other sounds, and sound
The and wireless users, and and other IrDA- The IrDA ActionNote the of than You and ActionNote and other and and (PDAs). To another IrDA- and IrDA software, such as TranXit. This software with ActionNote. IrDA constantly and they within each others of sight. The to The to each other of than three and of or The software with
IrDA when the communicating. the TranXit information.
Troubleshooting You as and ActionNote. If of the ordinary however, this chapter If purchased the United States or EPSON and service through of Authorized EPSON Customer EPSON the following services when Where to Technical information the and of EPSON products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Customer Customer relations EPSON technical information service Product and products. Troubleshooting
You purchase or EPSON products from EPSON Accessories. (U.S. only) from to BUY EPSON. If purchased the United States or EPSON or the location and service. If with software the that technical information. Services If the to helpful specifications, and EPSON products through the services below. NOTE To services, You PC or to Troubleshooting
EPSON board service You the EPSON service (BBS) hours membership required. software to with and and to the that with software information. CompuServes America EPSON the America CompuServe. If about EPSON this to them answered. includes the CompuServe Information and to CompuServes services and The that with ActionNote the CompuServe services and to them. To the America the light and type EPSON the Troubleshooting
technical ready to the following: Once gather this information, write the back of this to whenever Troubleshooting EPSON and the ActionNote) EPSON of ActionNote) of ActionNote) BIOS (displayed of and to memory and and of software displayed.
that internal If the displays the might to that correctly. If the serious, the the and the If this Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON Troubleshooting ActionNote If with ActionNote, through the headings this chapter to the covered. Then follow the to the If correctly, or of the services earlier this chapter. Troubleshooting
The Wont The when the on/off Troubleshooting If the light the light. Press the flashing. the Charge light. If flashing the or incorrectly. the light. If flashing the too to the the and turned If connected, turned If correctly. If the battery, and If AC and then Then turn the
You the from battery. to Chapter information The If battery, to the the and recharge the battery. If the and the properly, the this reaches its capacity. the charge light flashing the properly. and the AC to the and the You the (three months or and to recharge that, the its charge reaching the of its life. You to with battery. Troubleshooting
The properly with the AC The LCD Screen Troubleshooting to battery, government agency recycling information rechargeable batteries. the AC securely connected to the and the the outlet supplying If the outlet there something with AC the brightness and to the the Chapter You switched to Press F10 the LCD the selected and the the and
The The or the to Press the on/off to On. Chapter information. You timeout or with operating This off the specified of with activity. Press to the operations than others to to the to operation. The or Press or the to activity. the If the light the You to activity the operation. Press Ctrl Then follow instructions the Troubleshooting
Isnt You Cant Access the and the facing the 720KB or 1.44MB. If the write-protect switch and trying to to the or the write-protect switch. Troubleshooting If this off the seconds, and back If type the and then the type the and If the off and seconds and try the and the as when created the If the EPSON
The Isnt Working You Cant Access the If the to the operation. If the the copying formatting to whether the with the or the operating or instructions. reading from or writing to the another computers to cleaning the heads. Cleaning the Chapter If the or Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON If timeout the and the back to about seconds to Troubleshooting
PC Card Isnt Working Troubleshooting the option correctly If detected, to the yourself. If or the correctly and that the operating the Chapter The PC PCMCIA or and to or II or III If the EPSON or Authorized EPSON Servicer the information about tested cards. PC RAM or to (initialized) the that with or instructions. Press the release to the then try the tone indicating that the
the EPSON PCMCIA Card Software information about PC DOS and the correctly. PC Cards of the instructions. to with PC cards, that other software the that with The ActionNote with PCMCIA and that with operating include PC Cards of the You to and the option the PCMCIA Then PC operation from to PCMCIA or reinitialized. and then, necessary, the option to PCMCIA the Troubleshooting
with If of these the or Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON The ActionPoint Isnt Correctly Troubleshooting the the Chapter instructions. If connected to the the If to the turn the off and then and the ActionPoint first. the and the ActionPoint the ActionPoint Chapter information. If another and then to to the ActionPoint, to the ActionPoint the following commands the MS-DOS and then follow the instructions the
CD\SYNTOUCH INSTALL The to Clean the ActionPoint Cleaning ActionNote then and If with the ActionPoint, Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON the and of the that the securely to the and to the the input and the selected. information. You switched to LCD Press F10 the If the off both the and the Then the Troubleshooting
Work Troubleshooting Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON ActionPoint when to the keyboard/mouse and the If the first, turn the off and then If to the (rather than the however, the with the the Chapter instructions. If the and loaded. the that with instructions. the to the keyboard/mouse or turned the as or Other of the
Isnt The Memory Count Incorrect the memory following the instructions Memory Chapter If the connected to the the and the options to the memory or COM the Chapter information. If with the that with or the If connected the that and properly connected to the If or feeding the the DIP switch and operation. the software to the selected. Troubleshooting
Software Isnt Correctly Isnt Communicating Troubleshooting If the that following the the and that it correctly. If the the to the If command that to Ctrl and follow the instructions the If of these software the software technical the software and the software to the active. The IrDA another IrDA that there the ActionNote IrDA and the IrDA There clear of sight the
the other IrDA- that the IrDA within three of each other, and of or that the IrDA COM assignment correct. The COM2. that the options to IR and to the Troubleshooting
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU Memory ROM RAM as QFP with cache and selected 8MB RAM the board to 24MB or 16MB memory memory containing the and BIOS and The BIOS DRAM access. 1MB DRAM to LCD and to or 64K 16KB write-back cache; 256KB cache; both clock and CMOS RAM; backed internal Specifications A-1
Chips and or 1MB DRAM; VL LCD; 64K or with LCD F10 or software I/O 3.5-inch 720KB and 1.44MB I/O interface internal and that the IDE or Enhanced IDE interface Built-In VG-468 PCMCIA or II cards, or III; PCMCIA and JEIDA and Insertion (including with 82365SL A-2 Specifications
Interfaces with LCD F10 or software bidirectional ECP or EPP when connected and turned RS-232C, asynchronous keyboard/mouse PS/2-type or interface; to kbits/second to of within The IrDA Interface to COM1(3F8h) or COM2 or using when Specifications A-3
input and Connector ActionPort Connector security Security ActionPoint A-4 Specifications commands Built-In with buttons with PS/2 software; with sound of internal and Connectors and microphone; IRQ9 or of or
IDE 2.5-inch factor; height and that IDE or IDE Interfaces 3.5-inch 720KB or 1.44MB LCD Screen Active Software ROM; F8 includes the Software the About ActionNote or the information about the software Included with and the inches Specifications A-5
Sources Battery AC A-6 Specifications Sources include internal battery, lightweight AC or optional international AC and battery, thermistor Lightweight AC AC DC VAC to VAC to VAC VAC Height International AC VDC, VDC, inches inches inches inches inches inches
CAUTION the and with the ActionNote Condition Non-operating to to to (non-condensing) to to Acoustical N/A CAUTION the the as carry-on to from Physical Height to C) to C) to to U. S. Specifications A-7 to