America or warranties, or implied, or with to anything this and warranties of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of information from the of the information Further, this publication and features to without of Corporation. ActionNote and service of America, Inc. Other and of their respective Copyright Inc. California, USA IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
ActionNote 4SLC2-50 EPSON
This tested and found to with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to and reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of Ie FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS WARNING FOR CANADIAN USERS
This with FCC On the of that other things, the FCC and (REN) this You this information to telephone FCC telephone and with this This to connected to the telephone or using which the instructions The (REN) to the of to telephone and of those when telephone called. areas, the of the of connected to should To of the of to as the REN, should to the REN Should this to the telephone the telephone where the that temporary of service required; however, where written the telephone service forthwith, such action reasonable the You of right to with the FCC. The telephone its where such action reasonable, the of its business and with the and regulations of the Commission. If they to opportunity to telephone service. to or this If to the from whom purchased, who to or to it repaired the or his authorized The telephone that this from the the corrected or that the malfunctioning. If to malfunctioning, its the corrected. This should service the to to The of telephone to this other than the with the the FCC of this It the responsibility of the to and the telephone with this or the the to this MODEM FCC INFORMATION FCC WARNING
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning; or cleaners. of the the or and the and the back or or these the or or heat the the type of indicated its If to the Germany, the following To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected Computers to properly grounded (earthed) outlets. If to the to outlets the as or that switch and off. allow the to become or
If with the the of the of the the the rating the cord. Also, the of products the outlet of this through the as specifically this to service the yourself. servicing to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or B. If the C. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions. of other and often technician to the to operation. D. If the or the E. If the performance.
Instructions instructions conserver tous instructions toute chariot, type protection On tout fiche services marche-arrt.
rallonge. On service service service A. B. C. refuse instructions. instructions Tout tout technician service. D. E. performance.
Introduction With purchase of the chosen state-of-the-art computing. The 486SLC2-50 computers, high-speed performance lightweight, The ActionNote of and Its features include the following: 4MB or 8MB of RAM memory), to of 8MB VGA graphics LCD which VGA with of 3-inch, 1.44MB or other RJ-11 phone or VGA PS/2 attaching PS/2-type and ActionNote 4SLC2-50 Introduction
Rechargeable AC the and recharging the optional high and to Carrying with the AC and Trackball or other with and MS-DOS Microsoft the purchased, include the following: BitCom Introduction operating including and including and software and LITE software, including and
Optional You easily memory and optional including: memory (6MB) only). Where to If purchased the United States, America and service through nationwide of Authorized Service services through the the the following: Technical with the installation, and of products of or products Assistance Warranty Service products Assistance locating Authorized or Service Introduction
Customer relations Product with technical and products. technical to to and its and to the information. If purchased the United States, Warranty Service. ActionNote should the If included, the information. there located the of with the to and Warranty Service. If purchased the United States, please or the location and service. International locations the back cover of this If with DOS, or software the that with the technical information. Introduction technical information service-also directly
to This This to and and You to everything this to the following chapter to the sections Chapter Chapter covers information about using the Chapter to the AC and the battery. It to Chapter to optional Chapter to the this to or the of Chapter the VGA with troubleshooting basic information about the internal and its commands. C the ActionNote At the of the and Index. Introduction
Used This This the following type to commands: the Ctrl C the the Ctrl and then F1 the C, or the and then the F1 Text as appears the C: \DOS Text that type exactly as shown DISKCOPY A: B: Words lowercase optional type the and such as \WORK\CONTACT of COM Introduction
Chapter the This chapter to the of ActionNote It covers: the Connecting the AC the Connecting the trackball Turning the Instructions optional (such as memory or or (such as or Chapter to the as carry-on to from the
the started, to the below to the of The the front and right of the ActionNote shown below. the
LCD ActionNote LCD that VGA to of switch this switch to the right to to the when This the the switch to the or to the to its previous Brightness switch This switch the of the LCD the switch to the right to the and to the to switch This switch the the LCD the switch to the right to increase and to the to This where type commands and Chapter Release latches these outward to release the top and the LCD the
The (light information about its operation, the PowerIndicates the the AC or supplying to the batteryWhen flashing, the than ChargingIndicates the charged; when the AC connected and charging the battery. the the the LockIndicates that the This activates the the LockIndicates that the LockIndicates that the
This the and off. DC input the AC instructions. Release Press this to from the includes 3-inch, 1.44MB instructions Chapter light This light when the the Rear and The the and of the shown below. the Computer
Battery cover Turn the and this cover to the The rechargeable when the AC connected. Chapter VGA (VIDEO) You VGA or to this The ActionNote information both the LCD and the (PRINTER) You such as to this instructions. (COM This (RS-232C) information. (COM This (RS-232C) Chapter information. that when the internal this (LINE) this RJ-11 to phone when the internal the
(EXT KB) this to This mouse/keyboard attaching both and the instructions optional Connecting the AC The AC to as the to VAC, to the AC AP-3S25) with the If the country other than the where purchased ActionNote, the the the specifications C You to the AC to the the first Chapter instructions the with the AC and/or the battery.) the
Follow these to the to the the AC to the DC input the right of the the to the AC the other of the to grounded (earthed) the
the Follow these to the LCD the Turn the its front facing the release the front of the the and the the
Connecting the Trackball includes trackball, which to the EXT KB the of the You the trackball to the right or of or LCD as or right-handed. If to the right of there the Also, to the while the trackball attached. the trackball instructions its and attaching to optional the trackball, software, The allows the operating and software to the The and the trackball already the ActionNote the trackball as as To the trackball, or other attached to the EXT KB the PS/2 Option the ADVANCED CMOS SETUP of the This option information the Chapter the
information the trackball, or would to know about its and the that with Turning On the first the ActionNote, the the AC connected when the first the first and usingsuch as or Chapter information about optional Then the the top of the to the
The displays copyright information and then of that the boards, memory, and The displays the including this If the with the or followed this If this F1 to the and Chapter of the the its testing, displays the If necessary, the the to the the to the process. the If to RUN SETUP UTILITY Press <F1> to RESUME
the factory, the information should If the that this information match the Chapter to with MS-DOS and Microsoft the However, another operating such as OS/2, Although this includes MS-DOS commands, to the operating MS-DOS or other operating instructions. MS-DOS and as as the The as the MS-DOS If to another operating to the that with operating instructions. The this using MS-DOS. If another operating instructions to the UNIX, the or XENIX.
Chapter This chapter to ActionNote It information the following of the of the VGA the function the the Turning off the the CPU the LCD the memory.
of the the following to of the ActionNote: the and AC and them to heat or cold. top of the closed, to to the LCD the the covers closed to to the the with the Occasionally the of the with cloth. Occasionally the LCD cloth; apply the directly to the
the VGA with VGA and already the To these should back them The located the \VGAUTILS directory. Follow these to VGA and the the C:\VGAUTILS directory. the following and MS-DOS information about copying information the VGA and the Chapter the Function The ActionNote security the or the This allows to or The function optional and to to You the to first or and then Chapter instructions.) If the each or the this chapter.) The the its C
If the the The the to the You this when the activated: the and To the the characters type. If type the the displays and the the The allows three to correctly. the third incorrect the displays and You the to If to or the function, to the Chapter instructions. If the CURRENT
the Although the the ActionNote only the international the of both and The ActionNote that the and the the to characters. the this section.) The the ActionNote with countries. Additionally, MS-DOS to reassign the of to that of another country. MS-DOS information. The following shows the US
This section to the following when MS-DOS or The the following CapsLock Ctrl The F11 and F12 The the to the right and to the the from lower- to back to lowercase when The the top of the and the the of the affected. characters or the top the when with the character lowercase characters when the function this to the when the as as other Works with other to Works with other to character or
the back Backspace of input or command. location. the or operation. within F11 F12 the back when Prints the Works as SysReq the operation. Terminates the operation (when with Break the function and off. the character the The and as them once to the function and to off. the function the LED the Computer
F11 and F12 The F11 and F12 functions within You these with the F1 and F2 and F1 to F11; and F2 to F12. the The allows to characters from the when the function You the to the The shown below: Press to (and its LED) and off. Then the to the character the right-hand of the top. Press the to the You the to the alphabetic character the the to the alphabetic character off, the character the You the the
The following to the off themselves alphabetic with alphabetic with alphabetic with and alphabetic the If necessary, clear the or its memory without turning off; this and the to the operating and try the memory the function necessary. Also, classify and when them properly; the to
To the the operating the or A. If MS-DOS, Ctrl and and The and then the MS-DOS. If the the to off and back Turning the turning off the and the the and the lights off, then off the the top of the the off when such as or the trackball. the CPU high or At high the You to however, to copy-protected or that You to reduce turn or the high To the the
If necessary, to (and its LED) Then, to to Ctrl To back to high and Ctrl You or the only. the LCD The ActionNote LCD. You the brightness and with the the top of the the switches to the the brightness switch to the right to the brightness, and to the to the brightness. the switch to the right to increase the and to the to the to purchase high-quality to reliability. the 3-inch, 1.44MB ActionNote, of the following of 720KB, double-sided, (usually 2DD) 1.44MB, high-density 2HD).
and To with the facing and the leading the the clicks to the the light off, then the release the and properly. or or off the while the light You Also, to off the
Write-protecting You write-protect to its from write-protected, and from or If to write-protected To write-protect 3-inch the the the switch the the of the clicks exposing To the write protection, the switch the of the the covered.
It to of and of that such as MS-DOS and then the the from Also, as to to the and regularly. of amounts of might to You MS-DOS or other operating instructions. MS-DOS to least (A and B), and displays and accordingly. ActionNote 3-inch this A. MS-DOS the as the and to of the and the following command: MS-DOS the from (the to its memory and then to the B. At this the (the and to Then the operating the from its memory to the DISKCOPY
this to write-protect the write Write-protecting earlier this chapter information.) The the ActionNote the factory and MS-DOS and If to MS-DOS or and the that with instructions. Follow these to from and to off or the when the light This light that the copying to or from the the when the turning the off, seconds This allows the the to and the read/write heads to the the Although the to Also, of and copying the to the operating instructions.
Memory with 4MB or 8MB of memory, and optional memory to increase the amount. This section the memory Also to MS-DOS information memory memory three types: and The following shows the relationships these of memory and their memory addressesnumbers that the location of each of memory its of that the operating where to and memory that MS-DOS and directly. The of memory to 640KB and the to 640KB. memory memory the 640KB to The its performance using 128KB of this memory as RAM, and the memory
memory memory with the to 8MB, and only the following: operating such as OS/2 MS-DOS interfaces, such as RAM such as VDISK such as SMARTDRV specially-written MS-DOS applications. of memory memory of MS-DOS include memory If MS-DOS, and other to of the memory (such as HIMEM.SYS) that with software these memory tested and MS-DOS commands and memory directly. They to expanded memory, which of memory as to RAM This type of memory allows MS-DOS to around the 640KB You expanded memory with memory (such as EMM386.EXE), which the to memory as memory.
the You ActionNote the AC optional or the This chapter to these and to when using the the AC To the battery, the AC whenever to the the AC it from the instead of the battery. the AC connected, recharges the The AC ideally to countries. It to to VAC with of to the C specifications. Chapter instructions to the AC to the the
the Battery The the when the AC connected. The of the the ActionNote. If the using bright and the and the of the charge. To increase the amount of the without purchase Each with carrying to when supply of allows to and only the with the ActionNote (A880451). the Battery Follow these to the Turn off the If the AC connected, Turn the with the back facing the
Press the release buttons the cover and the cover the cloth and the battery. the from its carrying and the the right (with first, then the to the battery. the
the cover back the the cover the the cover. Press the cover from the back closed. Turn the right the the the charged; otherwise to recharge
the Battery The that with ActionNote rechargeable. You to charge the using the first and charge when when the through the light. To charge the the the AC to the and to the optional to the The charges the whenever the attached. The charging light while the the completely charged, the light The approximately hours to charge completely If the while the recharging, to hours. If the when the If to them them to the when This and to the off the battery; battery or the of the without the AC the with ActionNote charge memory. If to recharge the completely, to this supplying the the
To reduce the memory and the of battery, should completely whenever recharging If the every should completely the least once If that the its charge the of the reaching its the completely; then recharge If this with recharged, please government agency and should or of properly. Battery the batterys the light flashing and the At this with or the AC You to recharge the (as to the without the AC If AC follow these Complete activity. the Turn off the the
Once to If the Turn off the the and the the Switch The switch to This switch located the top of the the
the switch to the right to temporarily activity when to of The and the to its and to supply to the RAM. (If to the or off.) To activity, the switch to the or the The the which to Conserve Battery The includes options that to These options allow to of the The options from the ADVANCED CHIPSET SETUP of the You specify timeout the LCD the and/or the of these options and the Chapter the
Chapter Connecting Optional Devices This chapter to the following optional to ActionNote: or other Trackball, or other or memory the off or of these This and the to that connected Connecting Optional
The interfaces the VIDEO, PRINTER, and COM located the back of the The interfaces the COM LINE, and EXT KB located the of the To of these the cover the notch the top. Connecting The VIDEO allows to or VGA connected, text and graphics both the LCD and the You higher-resolution the Follow these to both the and the turned off. Connecting Optional Devices
the to the VIDEO the back of the If the screws, them or with screwdriver. the other of the to the already attached. the to grounded (earthed) Chapter the VGACONF which allows to the characteristics of LCD and/or Connecting Optional Devices
Connecting You the PRINTER to such as the that with to to of its You third-party to this with the If to this to the to the Follow these to the or other location that the and with the or trays. both the and turned off. the to the PRINTER Connecting Optional Devices
If the screws, them or with screwdriver. the other of the to the If the interface them they the to grounded (earthed) Connecting You the COM and/or COM to such as or You or such as trackball or You the COM the Follow these to both and the off. Connecting Optional
the to the COM or COM If the screws, them or with screwdriver. the other of the to the If the screws, them. the to grounded (earthed) the that with to other necessary. Connecting Optional Devices
Checking the The COM and COM of and of and with This to the to match the of the choose the highest and the that the the that with to to of its If directly to the the MS-DOS MODE to redirect the You the to redirect and the MODE commands AUTOEXEC.BAT MS-DOS instructions. the EXT KB You the EXT KB to the trackball or instructions. You the mouse/keyboard to this If the both and the You to this AT -type Connecting Optional Devices
Connecting Optional You PS/2-type or other to the EXT KB as shown below, the or other with to the software that with the with the instructions. Also, attached to the EXT KB the PS/2 Option the ADVANCED CMOS SETUP of the Chapter the Connecting If of to You first the mouse/keyboard to the EXT KB the Then the to the Connecting Optional Devices
Connecting the If the internal ActionNote directly to telephone The then ready to If with the internal Authorized Servicer If purchased with included of the the LINE the of the and the other If includes BitCom software and LITE software already the that with these to them. Connecting Optional Devices
summary of the features and internal You to the built-in of commands using the telecommunications software Each its of commands that to the instead of the built-in to the FCC information the front of this to interference Memory or The sections below to memory to and To the these options, to the It to Authorized Servicer the memory or they easily incorrectly. If to them yourself, follow the instructions this section. If please Authorized Servicer or the Connecting Optional
the To the follow these the turned off. Disconnect from the and both the and back of the the AC from its necessary.) Turn the with the front facing the (as Chapter the three screws the front of the Turn the right the top cover. Connecting Optional Devices
the the front and of the Then Turn the the front of the and back the LCD. the top of the to or the Connecting Optional Devices WARNING to ground every the If properly grounded, shock that of the when
Memory with 4MB or 8MB of memory. MB directly the board, and 2MB (or 6MB) memory the (as shown You increase memory to 8MB the 2MB memory with 6MB Connecting Optional Devices
Follow these to memory the as the screw Gently the memory from its the the front of the Connecting Optional Devices board. that the 2MB memory to the
the memory of the the memory straight the its with the the board. the the screw the straight the The and they together them correctly; force them. If the and try the attached to the the screw the of the the as Connecting Optional
reassemble to the to the memory amount. as the to because of the memory mismatch. Chapter instructions. If memory to the (math) which the 83S87-25 and graphic displays when software. the or information choosing with the 486SLC2-50 CPU. The easily and to about it yourself, Authorized Servicer To the follow these the as Connecting Optional Devices ground the Then as stationary as while the the the the of its
the the that the round indicating the corner. Then the the as the section. The whens the the shows that If to the math to yourself. This Authorized Servicer. Connecting Optional Devices
the memory or the Follow these Connecting Optional Devices the off the top of the right and the front of the the twisted. the the the the the cover. Press the front of the securely
Turn the with the front facing and the three screws the front of the cover. the Turn the right optional that previously. Connecting Optional
Chapter The the of its properly. the factory, the information when first the If the optional however, to the to the The the ROM BIOS (read-only memory, input/output the or the or the following CMOS such as the and and Advanced CMOS such as typematic rates, and Advanced chipset such as The through the of memory CMOS RAM. This memory backed battery, when off or the Whenever the the and the information CMOS RAM and to You such as the following: If this F1 to and the C RUN SETUP UTILITY o
Starting the To the or the the memory to the If already the function the prompted to You the first Press or to from item to the The displays of the highlighted the-correct highlighted, to the operation.
of the SETUP this Press to or SC to the the At the of each of the to options that Their functions the following (Each the the that function Key(s) Function the and to the or the of option SETUP options the
function Key(s) Function information about the option F1 currently selected the of the F2 or F3 Automatically to their F5 Automatically to their BIOS the and F10 Automatically You the AUTO CONFIGURATION WITH BIOS DEFAULTS option to to the factory this option, the to that to the Selections The the temporary them. This to and to to previous to the WRITE TO CMOS AND EXIT option. The to that to the and Press and The with the
You the without the selections to CMOS RAM. the DO NOT WRITE TO CMOS AND EXIT option. The to without the Press and The with the previous the CMOS the STANDARD CMOS SETUP option from the this Press or to to the option to The displays information about each option as highlight or to the of option. Press SC to to the
The options the STANDARD CMOS SETUP the following that the displays the each option the of the when the option highlighted. STANDARD CMOS SETUP options Option Function the the Daylight or C: type the the this the factory-installed D: type to Not A: the which 1.44MB, inch; this B: to Not optional the LCD the whether or to the
the Advanced CMOS when the ADVANCED CMOS SETUP option from the this This shows the BIOS Press or to the option to option highlighted, F1 to information about the option, including the or to the of option. Press to to the The options the ADVANCED CMOS SETUP the following If with option, the highlight to the option and F1.
ADVANCED CMOS SETUP options Option Function Typematic Rate or of the typematic the options the Typematic Rate the the and the the character appears the milliseconds); the higher the the the the or Typematic Rate the which character when the higher the the the the characters PS/2 or PS/2-type the Option EXT KB this option when to the EXT KB MB or testing of memory MB Memory this option the Memory or ticking sound as Sound memory tested or the that to the this If to the the memory where the to this <F1> or the that to If F1 to when the function On or whenever the or the At COMMAND.COM this option to the from
ADVANCED CMOS SETUP options Function Option the which the the when the operating the (C:, A:) the operating from C; to the operating from this to A:, C: or security; Checking to whenever the Option turned or to when the this option, then the BIOS or RAM the BIOS; this the the E000,64K of its BIOS RAM it operations LCD or the LCD to this specify foreground, background, or both Height or height the Cursor the height cache or the KB memory cache memory built the when the cache the efficiently Non-cacheable or of memory; caches memory of memory Non-cacheable the of the of memory Non-cacheable or of memory; Block caches memory of memory Non-cacheable the of the of Block memory CHANGE PASSWORD option to specify
the Advanced Chipset These include the functions that allow to the ADVANCED CHIPSET SETUP option from the this Press or to the option to change. option highlighted, F1 to information about the option including the or to the of option. Press SC to to the
The options the ADVANCED CHIPSET SETUP the following You the each option when the option highlighted and the F1 ADVANCED CHIPSET SETUP options Option Function Timeout Counter HDD Timeout Counter Timeout Counter Highlight the option to and F1 to what timeout If the the specified amount of the off the LCD or the to The the back Its to the when to activity the Function or the the three counters or timeout the LCD the when there activity the LCD the specified of or timeout the the when the the specified of or timeout the the when the the specified of
the If the Checking option the ADVANCED CMOS SETUP the CHANGE PASSWORD option to the If easy to If to the the CHANGE PASSWORD option, the following the the first the AMI.) You the following using to characters. To the what type. the Then the following the and (This confirms the The displays the following Press SC to to the Highlight WRITE TO CMOS AND EXIT and CURRENT NEW NEW o
the each or the and/or the Chapter information about the You to this option only serious with such as to This option that allow to low-level (or physical) of this with the operating The physical formatting of that the factory the Physically formatting to If whether formatting necessary, Authorized Servicer or the to the the formatting and formatting the operating physically to the operating
the HARD DISK UTILITY from the this The three options the of the These that they the Therefore, to back these tests. Format The already You to-reformat this serious with the formatting with other recovery operating Then, the the You and the the operating this low-level operating instructions.
The Select the Format option only when to low-level of the You this The Tracks option allows to specify the the If the the the of the to the tracks. Interleave This option service only. You should this option. incorrectly the This the the the of the to them. You should this option to authorized representative. The
Chapter the VGA VGA graphics and built-in VGA This chapter to and these and You to the to VGA or SVGA LCD which VGA of with of software of with of the VGA and the software. These software to with and that the of The VGACONF allows to the graphic and operation The ActionNotes built-in VGA with IBM VGA. This allows to the with VGA monitors, other of VGA monitors, and that input. The and this chapter with of these the VGA
VGA to and to to properly with this However, the to To other applications, the These and MS-DOS. If another operating the that with information about the VGA If both the LCD and the to of of what loaded. (This the LCD only,) To of the only. You where the VGACONF this chapter. Microsoft The Microsoft of with To the follow these the directory At the type SETUP and At the information and the VGA
From the Other and The to A. A: with C: \VGAUTILS\ as the and The displays of and their associated Select the and Complete the the VGACONF includes the VGACONF. This located the VGAUTILS directory. This allows to graphic Follow these to VGACONF: the C:\ VGAUTILS directory. VGACONF and You this VGA the VGA
or to highlight the selection and The sections below each option the the The option displays the Press to to the with Select Option Select Option allows to the You this the VGA
Highlight the option to and You of the selections. or to highlight the and SC to to the SELECT OPTION options CRT, or CRT to VGA connected to the VIDEO to both the LCD and VGA to the LCD The following shows the each option. VGACONF Option CRT, CRT, CRT, Cursor RGB the VGA
the allows to timeout the LCD the option to PANEL. this Select to timeout or Normal to these the of to and Then or to the type of activity. If K, the LCD there activity the specified of If M, the LCD memory the specified of Press to initiate the The initiated the VGACONF You to the through to the VGACONF and to the operating the VGA Time-out activity or (M) (K/M)
VGACONF From the Command To or VGA VGACONF from the with option At the the VGACONF the following VGACONF [options] of the options or of the following option VGACONF command options Option Function or -H the information to memory to ETDG text and graphics NOREVERSE text and graphics REVERSE text and graphics DTEG text and graphics BOLD NOBOLD ATTREMUL NOATTREMUL BKGND background FRGND foreground BKFRGND background and EXPAND the VGA
VGACONF command options Option Function NOEXPAND CENTER the the TOP the the top of the BOTTOM the the of the PANEL Switch the to the CRT Switch the to the CRT SIMUL the and the CRT 16BIT operations NO16BIT Force operations when switching INHFONT NOI Allow when switching FULLHGT Select height NOFULLHGT Select W259 RGB W529 Select RGB weighting W295 Select RGB W592 Select RGB W925 Select RGB W952 Select RGB weighting You of the VGACONF options only the first three characters of the option The following VGACONF commands: the VGA VGACONF SIMUL VGACONF SIM VGACONF PANEL NOATTREMUL NOBOLD NOEXPAND VGACONF PAN NOA NOB NOE VGACONF -S VGACONF -M=4
Troubleshooting You as and ActionNote. If of the ordinary to this It with the following The Battery AC The LCD The The Software Memory Trackball or Troubleshooting A-1
If the the the below to and of displays. Then Authorized Servicer or the technical ready to the of its ROM BIOS its (including the of and and the and of software You the the of the If to follow these to information about as as the of BIOS and MS-DOS: A-2 Troubleshooting CMOS Turn or Ctrl to the its displays the of BIOS as of the copyright information. the information about shown the that the the MS-DOS appears, type VER and to the MS-DOS
built-in memory (ROM) of which every These internal such as ROM, RAM, the the and the the RAM, the amount of memory currently If the displays the the and to the who when the If the serious, the further and The the and the If this Authorized Servicer as as to this information and the The Wont If when the button, the following: the light. If the and should follow the The LCD Screen this If the light to Press the to off the If the and If using the AC and then Then the If the the caused the Battery or AC below. Troubleshooting A-3
Battery If the from the follow the this section to the to Chapter information the battery.) the light. If the and to recharge instructions. If think the properly. and to the instructions Chapter the cover securely. If that to the the If the and the properly, then to recharge the other battery. If the and the properly, the this reaches its capacity. If the light the AC to the and the Turn the and the AC If (three months or to If that the its charge and reaching the of its life. You to with A-4 Troubleshooting If the using the AC to If the with the AC AC
AC If the properly with the AC the light. If the AC and supplying to the If follow these to the from the and off the Disconnect the AC and then Then the back If the light off, to the the AC securely connected to the and that the properly connected to both the AC and the LED the AC and If to If the then the outlet to supplying the and If the and the there something with the AC AP-3S25) with the Troubleshooting A-5
The LCD If the appears the LCD follow these to the the and to the To time-out the LCD the or with the VGACONF This off the specified of with input. Press the to this the Chapter information about the and Chapter information about VGACONF.) the switch to the The If connected to and should information both the VGACONF Chapter The If and appears its follow these to the the switches the and the the brightness and of the the to the input. input from A-6 Troubleshooting turned
If LCD information, the VGACONF Chapter from A, and off the and the that the securely connected to the and to the properly connected to both the and the Then turn both switches back If the off both the and the Then the outlet the outlet and to the If the outlet and appear when turn the Authorized Servicer. The If the and to the following: to the really operations than others to spreadsheet to spreadsheet than to Also, to the switch to the The suspended. Troubleshooting A-7
If using the the selected whenever or the or whenever the If try the following: If type the and then X, type and If type three the Press Ctrl to the and If know the to Chapter instructions. If the A-8 Troubleshooting You to activity the operation DOS). Ctrl C or Ctrl B. If the respond, locked If the waited and the Ctrl If to off the seconds, and turn back
If follow these to the the properly the the from the and with the facing using the right type of The 3-inch 720KB or 1.44MB the write-protected? If to to write-protected. If the write-protect switch first the to or Then the switch to the write protection. Ordinarily, to write-protected, properly write-protected the operating instructions. the of the and the operation that caused the If the the the and the If to the the try using the COPY to formatting to the operating properly. If the following section. Troubleshooting A-9
If with the the following: If the to as should, with another to If the or the immediately and Authorized Servicer. If with the following: the light. If commands (such as COPY) to the the light should when the the If the light there with the Authorized Servicer this If time-out the the and the about seconds to back to when the correctly MS-DOS or the operating the instructions operating A-10 Troubleshooting
Software If with the following If the that following the the and that correctly. If the directory the or specifying the directory. If the the high or While properly the the software to this the and the CPU necessary. the CPU instructions. If MS-DOS that to there commands to MS-DOS to what These the to the If when type the Press Ctrl to the Ctrl and C Ctrl and Troubleshooting A-11
If the off seconds, and then back Then If of these software the software technical You following the instructions If connected the first that the and correctly connected to the Chapter instructions (The instructions If or feeding the the DIP switch to to whether to the MODE command the MS-DOS to match the Memory If memory to and that memory operating properly, the following: the the amount of memory. instructions. the memory correctly? Memory Chapter the memory properly CONFIG.SYS Memory Chapter and MS-DOS information. A-12 Troubleshooting
Trackball or If trackball or other PS/2 properly, these the trackball or connected properly? connected to the EXT KB or to the as Chapter and them memory? the that with instructions. to the PS/2 Option Chapter instructions. If the that with the troubleshooting information or the the to the and that the connected to the EXT KB If think there something with the the from whom purchased or the Troubleshooting A-13
If to operating properly, the that with troubleshooting information and Authorized Servicer or the the to the yourself; this Authorized Servicer CMOS Battery The clock the of CMOS RAM when the off. This should than to this batterys exhausted, to the following: Authorized Servicer to or the information, A-14 Troubleshooting and
The internal that ActionNote the and and advanced correction This basic information about the and its built-in of commands. with BitCom software and LITE software. Normally, these software to the BitCom and LITE software information about to them. If with internal Authorized Servicer B-1
The following specifications the that ActionNote specifications B-2
Command If using the built-in command These commands with the telecommunications software BitCom or LITE, its of commands that the You normally the commands instead of the built-in software instructions. You the following information only telecommunications to Commands operating states: and The to commands from directly to the The the command when Turn Select the to the using the of B-3
AT Command Summary Command A/ command (incoming B0 CCITT V.22 B1 103/212A EO off E1 (command H0 On immediately H1 to I0 ID I1 ROM L3 high M0 off M1 M2 M3 off when O0 O1 and initiate B-4 memory
AT Command Summary (continued) Command Reads to V0 as VI as X0 X1 X2 X3 X4 Y0 Y1 Z0 Software user Z1 Software &C0 DCD DCD when &C1 &D0 DTR &D1 to when on-to-off DTR &D2 and to when on-to-off DTR &D3 when on-to-off DTR &F factory &G0 tone CCITT &G1 tone CCITT &G2 tone CClTT &P0 ratio (US.) &P1 ratio (UK.) B-5
AT Command Summary Command &V and &W0 as &W1 as &Y0 &Y1 location seconds to seconds B-6 seconds) o to
MNP Command Summary Command \A0 the MNP to characters \A1 the MNP to characters \A2 the MNP to characters \A3 the MNP to characters \B3 to %C0 MNP %C1 MNP \G0 \G1 \J0 \J1 to match \K1 Empty and immediately to the \K3 to the with \K5 to the or with from the \N0 \N1 \N2 \N3 \N4 V.42 (LAP-M) \N5 V.42 \N6 V.42/MNP \N7 V.42/MNP B-7
MNP Command Summary Command \O Force of whether or the originated or the \Q0 flow \Q1 XON/XOFF flow \Q2 RTS/CTS \Q3 XON/XOFF software \Q4 flow CTS off established \Q5 Unidirectional, CTS off established \Q6 CTS off bidirectional flow established \S \T0 Inactivity to to of whether or the originated or the V0 MNP and V.42 \V1 MNP and V.42 \X0 XON/XOFF through, XON/XOFF through and \X1 \Y MNP while already connected \Z Switch to B-8
MNP Command Summary B-9
AT Summary B-10
AT Summary Option S14 B-11
S21 Bitmapped S22 Bitmapped B-12
S22 Bitmapped S23 Bitmapped B-13
S27 Bitmapped MNP Summary S36 treatment S46 selection S48 V.42 action B-14
S82 Break affected commands Summary B-15
C Specifications This the specifications ActionNote. It includes the specifications international Unit CPU memory ROM BIOS Clock/ RAM 486SLC2-50 4MB or 8MB; to of 8MB; the first 640KB memory and 128KB RAM, the memory as or expanded memory 128KB PROM (includes BIOS, VGA BIOS, and the optional 83S87-25 clock, and CMOS RAM backed built-in clock 256KB Specifications C-1
LCD VGA or C-2 Specifications internal 3-inch 1.44MB and 720KB LCD; of of VGA or SVGA of RS-232C, asynchronous, PS/2-type or the mouse/keyboard (which allows to both and ISA internal or RJ-11 the
One internal, 3-inch 1.44MB and 720KB One internal LCD AC +15.5VDC, 2.4A AC with international input, Battery Rechargeable, internal 1.7AH, 16.3W only the AC optional and with the ActionNote (AC AP-3S25, A880461 and A880451). (US) and F11 and F12 of high-contrast two-film; paper-white, cooled cathode (CCFT); brightness and power-saving brightness and Specifications C-3
Physical (with to C to F) Non-operating: to C to F) Humidity to (non-condensing) Non-operating: to (non-condensing) Acoustical to to Non-operating: to to to the as carry-on to from C-4 Specifications
Source Specifications C-5
387SX CMOS integrated to the and of mathematical and graphics displays. The to 8S387 486SLC CMOS integrated the (CPU) of ActionNote which the of AC The that AC from outlet the DC to ActionNote. The AC charges the while the or that the location of each of information the memory. AUTOEXEC.BAT batch that MS-DOS each or the Batch Backlighting (or The internal of the LCD LCD that to without of light.
Batch type of that allows to of MS-DOS commands command. Batch text with the .BAT. batch each command type the MS-DOS each command the AUTOEXEC.BAT of to second. BIOS ROM that the basic input/output functions of the operating Chip of (formally known as integrated of include memory and the CPU. Clock CPU CMOS Complementary type of
CMOS ROM type of memory ActionNote that records information about RAM, CMOS ROM backed and when off the COM1 The that MS-DOS to the COM2 The that MS-DOS to the secondary CONFIG.SYS that MS-DOS each or the You this to and buffers, and specifying MS-DOS commands to holding Ctrl and another the that instructs the to function. of that the of the or memory The amount of memory the below that to MS-DOS and programs-usually 640KB. memory or memory.
optional integrated that the CPU 387SX. Copy-protected type of that copied. copy-protected to the the while using the to instead of high CPU Processing Unit. The integrated integrating instructions, and input and operations. CPU The which the CPU commands. The ActionNote high or clock or operating CRT Cathode Tube. type of such as or TV DIP switch switch. switch of such as that function.
type of 3-inch, of 720KB. that of the of include expanded memory and EMS or Expanded memory Memory that and conforming to of the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft (LIM) Expanded memory (EMS). Expanded memory or memory. memory Memory with memory to MS-DOS RAM such as VDISK, and such as SMARTDRV. memory with OS/2 and of
of related of information records or together Text of and of which to instructions. the ActionNote to the and the F11 and F12 Format To (or that information. Formatting and sectors and locations Graphics and other non-alphanumeric High-density type of 3-inch, high-density of 1.44MB. (I/O) Integrated Chip.
Interface or software to or KB to memory or One bytes. LCD thin, containing thousands of that turned and off individually Used as the LED Light light such as those the ActionNote and LIM EMS Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification that to than 640KB of memory. Math MB to memory or One or 1024KB.
Memory The where the Memory (ROM) or temporary (RAM). ROM and RAM. Memory optional that 6MB of memory to memory Memory-resident that RAM it while another to the of internal clock. One second. CPU such as the 486SLC. CPU. that allows the to and the telephone that and displays input and other information. CRT.
The type of ActionNote. The the ActionNote which turning the function or holding the and CPU of of which the that each character to that the to the command (such as what to or what to the command FORMAT A:, the A: the to the A. The to operating Also, to
Pathname The of the MS-DOS operating search through to the pathname CONTRACT.TXT that located the BUSINESS subdirectory \BUSINESS\CONTRACT.TXT. such as or connected to the input/output to which peripheral of testing the every RAM Access Memory. The of the memory that and temporarily while RAM temporarily while the when turn off the ROM. Read/write head The physical that reads and records the of clock battery-powered clock the that track of the and when the off.
To computers operating or using operating information RAM. ROM Memory. The of the memory that instructions and RAM, ROM its off the RAM. directory The MS-DOS directory or The directory backslash other of the directory, or of other RS-232C interface. The ActionNote that to of of which the that each character The to the and options of
RAM The function that the BIOS and BIOS from ROM RAM to performance. The power-saving the switch to the right or timeout specified the Timeout amount of the the selected the specified amount of the VGA Graphics high-resolution The VGA of the ActionNote to the LCD and to VGA) To from write-protected, or its