American or warranties, or implied, or with to anything this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of American, Inc. with to the of information from the of the information this and to without EPSON of Corporation. ActionNote and EPSON service of Inc. Other only and of their respective The EPA of or service Copyright America, Inc. California, USA IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the Turn off the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the as specifically explained this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. to the as carry-on to from If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected Computers
Instructions instructions conserver tous type Tout marche-arrt branches tomber
o o 3With purchase of EPSON chosen state-of-the-art computing. The 486SLC2-50 computers, high-speed performance lightweight The ActionNote of and Their features include the following: 486SLC2-50 with clock-doubling technology, which the to the of the 4MB or 8MB of RAM memory), to 8MB LCD VGA to LCD and 3.5-inch, 1.44MB Bidirectional or other RJ-11 internal ActionNote Introduction
or VGA or SVGA PS/2 Trackball with and Rechargeable AC the and recharging the optional high and to Carrying with the trackball, AC and MS-DOS Microsoft including and the purchased, include the following: BitCom software, including and Introduction including and software and LITE
ActionNote with the United States Protection Agency's which the of computers, and monitors. the LCD, and when these inactive specified of If with isn't from time-out the LCD, and that the the Optional You easily memory and optional including: memory (4MB) Additional AC lighter only). Introduction
Where to If purchased the United States or EPSON and service through nationwide of Authorized EPSON Service EPSON services through the EPSON the United States, 1-800-GO-EPSON. of EPSON the following: Technical with the and operation of EPSON products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Service Assistance with service of or EPSON products Customer relations EPSON technical information service Product with technical specifications and products. when technical to to and its and to the information. If purchased the or EPSON Service. ActionNote should the If the EPSON Introductions
If purchased the United States or please EPSON or the location and service. International locations the of this If with MS-DOS, or software the that with the technical information. CompuServe If fast to helpful specifications, and through the America CompuServe. CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America If currently of CompuServe, free introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: user ID and to CompuServe CompServe's monthly Publication. To of this offer, the United States and and other countries, or CompuServe introductory credit compuServe If already Introduction
to This This to and and You to everything this to the following chapter to sections Chapter covers information about the Chapter to using the AC and the battery. It to Chapter to optional chapter to the this neaessaryifyouwanttosetapaswordayouchangettre of troubleshooting informatian about the and its commands. C the ActionNote At the of the and Index. o o
Used This This the following type commands: Ctrl C C:\DOS COPY A: path\filename the the the Ctrl and then the C,orholddownthekeymarked and then the F1 Text as appears the Text that type exactly as shown Words lowercase optional would type the and such as \WORK\CONTACT Introduction
Chapter the This chapter covers the following asicinformatiionforsettingup ActionNote the connecting the trackball Instruction optional (such as memory or or connecting (such as or Chapter when to as carry-on to from the Connecting the AC Turning the the
the started, to the this section to the of the
LEDS The (light information about its operation, as shown the following LED functions Function LED the the AC or supplying to the flashing, the then Indicates the Charging when the AC connected and charging the battery. the the the Indicates that ofndkzatesthatCapLockbaetcnthekeyboard. that the that the This activates the the the
Rear and Connecting the AC The AC to countries, as the to VAC, to the AC AP-3S25) with the If using the country other than the where purchased ActionNote, the the the C the
You to the AC to charge the the first instructions the with the AC and/or the battery.) Follow these to the to the the AC to the DC input the right of the the to the AC the other of the to grounded the
the To the LCD the Facing the front of the the release the and the Connecting the Trackball includes trackball, which to the MOUSE the of the Although the KB and MOUSE the they interchangeably. to trackball the MOUSE to the
optional the trackball, software, The allows the operating and software to the The and the trackball already the Action-Note the trackball as as You Can the trackball and other of its operation. information, the that with the trackball. Attaching the Trackball You the to the right or of or LCD If to the right of there the Also,you to the while the trackball attached. the
Follow these to the trackball to Press the the attaching The the the of the attaching of the or and release the the trackfull the attaching aUollbotheatta~QvMe. Turning On the first the Action charged;somakesuretheACadapteris comeaedwhenyoutum the
turn the first and using--such as or Chapter information about optional Then the the top of the to The of to the boards, memory, and It displays the including this If the with the or this If this F1 to the and Chapter instructions. Press If to RUN SETUP UTILLITY Press <F1> to RBSONE the
the its testing, displays the If necessary, the the to the Then to the Process.- the factory, the information should If the that this information match the as Computer-WithMS-D0S and Microsoft the another operating such aso OS/2, UNIX, or XENIX, Although this includes MS-DOS commands, to the operating MS-DOS or other operating instructions. MS-DOS and as as the The as the If to another to the that with operating instructions. the
This chapter to ActionNote It information the following of the the function the the Turning off the the CPU the LCD the and
of the the following of the ActionNote: the and AC and them to heat or cold. top of the closed, to to the LCD when the the covers closed to to Occasionally the of the with cloth. Occasionally clean the LCD cloth; apply the directly to the Follow these to from and to off or the when the light This light that the copying to or from the the when the turning the off, seconds This allows the the to and the read/write heads to the
to back regularly. amounts of might to of and copying the to the with and already the To these these should back them The located C:\WINDOWS\VGAUTIL and C:\VGAUTIL. back these the or the MS-DOS XCOPY command. MS-DOS or o o information about copying and information about using the and the Function The ActionNote security the or the This allows to or The function optional and to You the to first or and then Chapter instructions.) If the each or the this chapter.) The the its
IfyouenaMethesehrppassword,youmustenter the The the to the You this when the activated: CURRENT the and To the the characters type. If type the the displays and repeats the the The allows three to correcly. the third incorrect the displays and You the to If to or the function, to the Chapter instructions. If the EPSON the United States or 1-800-GO-EPSON
the Although the the ActionNote the international its the functions of both and The ActicnNote that using the and the the to characters. the this section.) The the ActionNote with Additionally, MS-DOS to reassign the of to that of another country. MS-DOS information. This section to the F11, and F12 and the F11, and F12 The activates the F11 and F12 and the The F11 and F12 functions within You these with the F1 and F2 and F1 to F11; and F2 to F12.
the The allows to character from the when the function You the to the The shown below: Press to (and its LED) and off. Then the to the character the right-hand of the top. Press the to the You the to the alphabetic character the the to the Alphabetic character off, the character the You the the
The following to the off themselves Alphabetic with Cursor alphabetic Cursor with Alphabetic with and the If necessary, clear the or its memory without turning off and the to to the operating and the memory the function necessary. Also, and when them properly; the alphabetic
If MS-DOS, DOS, Ctrl and and to the (If Ctrl to the The and then the If the off and back Turning the turning off the and the the and the lights off, the off the the the off when or such as or the trackball. the CPU high or At high the You to however, to copy-protected or or that You to reduce o o or the high To the the
If necessary, to turn (and its LED) Then, to to Ctrl To back to high and Ctrl You or the only. the LCD Screen The ActionNote or LCD. You the brightness and with the the top of the the switches to the the switch to the right to the and to the to the the switch to the right to increase the and to the to the to purchase high-quality to reliability. the 3.5-inch, 1.44MB ActionNote, of the following of 72OKB, (usually 2DD) 1.44MB, high-density 2HD).
To with the facing and the leading the the clicks to the the light off, then the release the and properly. or or off the while the light You Also, to turn off the the and with already the You these to switch the LCD and to higher to and to
Actian to VGA LCD or You to the to or of higher Microsoft The high-resolutian To the EPSON or the America CompuServe. Following summary of the that and CLMODE include CRT, and three that allow to (CRT), LCD or both the To switch the three displays, the the VGA type of the following commands and or the the directory: C SIMUL PANEL to and of To its the VGA that to and power-saving LCD To its the VGA
CLMODE DOS that The of CLMODE which offers the options as which allows to based refresh and and which the combinations. To CLMODE, the C:\VGAUIIL directory, type CLMODE, and YOU CLMODE commands from the DOS first CLMODE? to of the SWITCHER terminate-and-stay-resident (TSR) that to options through To SWITCHER, the C:\VGAUTIL directory, type SWITCHER, and You of the CLVESA and BOLD_DRV TSR that allow to options within CLMODE and information, the the and VESA when connected and the LCD You then to of high You prompted to the higher to switch back to LCD first to the VGA The interlaced. If non-interlaced this or with CLMODE and type.
the You ActionNote using the AC optional or the This chapter to these and to when using the the AC To the battery, the AC whenever to the the AC from the instead of the battery. the AC connected, recharges the The AC to It to to VAC with of to the C specifications. Chapter instructions to the AC to the the
the Battery The the when the AC connected. The of the the ActionNote. If the using bright and the and the of the charge. To increase the amount of the without purchase with carrying to when supply of allows to and the with the ActionNote (A880451 or A881181). the Battery Follow these to the Turn off the If the AC connected, Turn the with the back facing the
Press the release buttons the cover and the the cloth and the battery. the from its carrying and the the right (with first, then the to the battery. the
the cover back the the the the cover. Press the cover from the back closed. Turn the right the Battery The that with ActionNote rechargeable. You to the the first charge when The light when the To the the the AC to the and to the optional to the The charges the whenever the attached. The charging light while the the completely charged, the light the
The approximately hours to charge completely If the while the recharging, to hours. If the charge when charging, the If to them them to the when This and to the off the battery; or the of the without the AC Battery the with ActionNote charge "memory." If to recharge the completely, to this supplying the To reduce the memory and the of battery, should completely whenever recharging If the should completely the leaset once Then recharge the battery. Allow the to reach charge the charging The charging light and when the If that the its charge the of the reaching its completely; then recharge If this with the
recharged, please government agency and and should or of properly. Battery the battery's the light flashing and the At this with or the AC You to recharge the (as to the without the AC If AC follow these Complete activity. the Turn off the Once to If the Turn off the and the the
the Switch The switch to battery This switch located the top of the the switch to the right to temporarily activity when to of The and the to its and to to the RAM. (If to the or off.) To activity, the switch to the or the The the which the
to Conserve Battery The includes options that to These options allow to functions of The options from the of the You timeout the LCD the and/or the of these options and the purchasing this of users concerned about conserving If and them off when them. the option software something. to catch formatting them to If to rather than Not this and whenever the
Connecting Optional Devices This chapter to the following optional to ActionNote: This chapter to the following options: the turned off or of these This and the to that or other or other Telephone internal memory Connecting Optional Devices
Connecting The VIDEO allows to or VGA connected, the LCD the or both the You higher-resolution the Follow these to both the and the turned off. Connecting Optional Devices
the to grounded the to the VIDEO the back of the If the screws, them or with screwdriver. the other of the to them already attached. Connecting Optional Devices
the the the ActianNote when connected and the LCD The both the and the LCD. If to higher to to the included with These allow to LCD or both) as as types, and Select the VGA to to switch back to LCD first to the VGA Then the VGA the Chapter information about High Microsoft already and To other applications, the America CompuServe or the EPSON the United States or 1-800-GO-EPSON Connecting Optional Devices
Connecting You the PRINTER to such as the that with to to of its Follow these to the or other location that the and with the or trays. both the and turned off. the to the PRINTER If the screws, them or with screwdriver. Connecting Optional
the other of the to the If the interface them they the to grounded Connecting You the COM1 to such as or You or such as trackball or Follow these to both the and the off. the to the COM1 If the screws, them or with screwdriver. Connecting Optional Devices
the other of the to the If the screws, them. the to grounded the that with to other necessary. Checking the The COM1 of and of and with This to the to match the of the choose the highest and the that the the that with to to of its If directly to the the MS-DOS MODE to redirect the You the to redirect and the MODE commands AUTOEXEC.BAT MS-DOS instructions. Connecting Optional Devices
Connecting If of to to the KB Although the KB and MOUSE the they interchangeably. to the KB to You with Connecting You the MOUSE to the trackball or or Chapter instructions. The KB and MOUSE interchangeably. to the MOUSE Connecting Optional Devices
the or other with applications, to the software that with the with the instructions. Connecting the Telephone If the internal ActionNote directly to telephone phone The then ready to If with the internal Authorized EPSON Servicer If purchased with telephone include of the the LINE the of the and the other Connecting Optional Devices
If includes BitCom software and LITE software already the that with these to them. summary of the and internal You to the built-in of commands the telecommunications software Each its of commands that to the instead of the built-in to the FCC information the back of this to interference Memory or The sections below to memory to and To the these to the It to Authorized EPSON Servicer the memory or they easily incorrectly. If to them yourself, follow the instructions this section. If please Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON Optional Devices
Removing the To the follow these the turned off. Discount from the and both the Turn the with the front facing the (as Chapter the three screws the front of the computer's Turn the right and back of the Connecting Optional Devices
the top cover. the the front and of the Then Turn the the front of the and the LCD. the top of the to or the Connecting Optional Devices WARNING to ground when the If properly grounded, shock that of the when
Memory with 4MB or 8MB of memory. MB directly the board. You purchased with 4MB memory If increase memory to 8MB the memory the shown Follow these the as the memory straight the its with the the board. the the screw Connecting Optional Devices
the straight the The and they together only them correctly; force them. If the and the attached to the and the screw the of the the as reassemble to the to it the memory amount. as the to of the memory mismatch. Chapter instructions. If memory to the Connecting Optional Devices
(math) which the 83S87-25 and graphic displays when software. the EPSON or information choosing with the 486SLC2-50 CPU. The easily and to about yourself, Authorized EPSON Servicer To the follow these the as ground touch the Then as stationary while the the chips; the only the Connecting Optional Devices
the the that the round indicating right corner. Then the the as the section. The when the the that If to the math yourself. This Authorized EPSON Servicer. Connecting Optional Devices
the memory follow these to the the off the top of the the the the the the cover. Press the front of the securely it right and the front of the the twisted. Connecting Optional Devices
Turn the with the front facing and the three screws the front of the cover. the Turn the right optional Connecting Optional Devices
Chapter The the of its properly. If optional devices,however,yauneedtonmtheSetup to The staredinthe~tersROMBIOS (read-only memory, input/output or of the following: The through the of memory CMOSRAM. This memory backed battery, whm off or. o settings,andifitdisamrsadiffemmbetweentheinformationin CMOS RAMandyoursystem%am6gunitiabitpminptsyouto You such as eHlowin~ If this such as the and Custom such as cache, and C RUN SRTUP UTILITY Press <F1> to RESUME
Starting the To the turn the process, the following the Press to as this If already the function the prompted to the first these options: Custom and without
the At the of each of the to options that-screen. Their function the following table.(Each liststhekeys only the that function Function Key(s) the and to the of the of option the of the selects the highlighted option Automatically You the options to to the factory this option, the to that the options the
the when from the as and information about memory, to the options select. The options the following Option Function Daylight C: type the the or the the this the factory-installed
the Custom Custom from the screen of optians to the operates. The options the following Custom Function Option Typematic Typematic Allows to testing of memory 1MB this option the Press the the the thecharacter appears the (inmilliseconds); the higher the the the the msec,or the which character repeats when the higher the the the characters or the that to the this to however, the Pressing the or checking the COMMAND.COM this option the
Custom (continued) Function Option the which the the or security; to when the turned or to only the If this option, then the option to or RAM the BIOS; this the the BIOS of its BIOS RAM operations CPU cache or the 1KB internal memory built the when the cache the efficiently Non-cocheable or of memory: caches memory this option; non-cacheable memory Non-cacheable the the first non-chache of memory Non-cacheable of memory; caches Non-cacheable the of the of memory when the operating; the (C:,A:) the operating from C; to the operating from this to A:, C: memory this option; peripheral memory
the from the options that to These to the automatically. Press to the option to optian highlighted,the displays information about the option, including the or to the of option. Press to to the ThePower options the following Function Option timeout HDD timeout timeout or the timeout counters; If the three options or timeout the LCD when there activity the LCD the specifieded or timeout the the when the the specified of or timeout the the when the the specified of
Highlight the option to and to the information the to what timeout If the the amount of the the to The the back Its to the when to activity the the o o o o C o the Text the If easy to If to the Follow these to or From the the option. If the first the following to characters. To the what type. New
the You the following the and (This the The displays the following Press to to the Highlight the each or the and/or the chapter information about the NEW NEW and and
Troubleshooting You as and ActionNote. If of the ordinary to this It the following The Battery AC The LCD The The software Memory Trackball or Troublseshooting A-1
CMOS If the the the below to and of displays. Then Authorized FPSON Servicer or the EPSON the United States or 1-800-GO-EPSON technical ready to the of its ROM BIOS its (including the of and and the and of software You the the of the If to follow these to information about as as the of BIOS and MS-DOS: Turn or Ctrl to the its displays the of BIOS as of the copyright information. the write information shown the that the the MS-DOS appears, type VER and the MS-DOS Troubleshooting A-2
built-in memory (ROM) of which every These internal such as ROM, RAM, the the and the the RAM, the amount of memory currently If the displays the the and to the who when the If the serious, the further and The the and the If this Authorized EPSON Servicer as as to this information and the The Won't If when the try the following: the light. If the and should follow the "The LCD this If the light to the to off the If using the and If using the AC and theen Then the If the caused the "Battery "or" AC below. Troubleshoot
Battery If the from the follow the this section to the to Chapter information the battery.) the light. It the and to recharge instructions. If think the properly. and to the instructions Chapter the cover closed securely. If that to the the If the and the properly, then to recharge the other battery. If the and the properly, the charged. this reaches its capacity. If the light the AC to the and the Turn the and using the AC If the the AC to If the with the AC "AC If (three months or to recharge If that the its charge and reaching the of its life. You to it with boattery A-4 Troubleshooting
recharged, please government agency and and should or of properly. AC If the properly with the AC the light. If the AC and supplying to the If follow these to the the AC AP-3S25) with the from the and off the the the AC and then Then the back If the light off, to the the AC securely connected to the and the securely connected to both the AC and the LED the AC and If to If the then the to supplying the and turn If the outlet and the there something worng with Troubleshooting A-5
The LCD If the appears the LCD follow these to the the brightness and to the To timeout the LCD the or with the This off the specified of with input or memory access. Press the to this the Chapter information about the options.) the switch to the The when the LCD easily switch back to the LCD selecting or the VGA If to high the to and to VGA the LCD information. The If using and appears its follow these to the the switches the and the turned the and of the A-6 Troubleshooting
The If the and to the following: to the really operations than others to MakeSurethe to input. input from If LCD information, the If to the CLMODE to type or information about the from A, and off the and the that the securely connected to the and to properly to both the and the Then both switches back If the off both the and the Then the outlet the outlet and to the outlet If the outlet and appear when the Authorized EPSON Servicer. spreadsheet to spreadsheet than to Also, to Troubleshooting A-7
the switch to the The suspended. You to activity the operation DOS). Ctrl C or Ctrl If the light, the If the and the Ctrl If to off the seconds, and back If the the selected whenever or the or whenever the If the following: If type the and then X, type and If type three the Press to the and try If the to instructions. If the EPSON United States or 1-800-GO-EPSON A-8 Troubleshooting
If follow to the the properly the the from the and with the facing the right type of The 3.5-inch 72OKB or 1.44MB the write-protected? If to to write-protected. If the write-protect switch first the to or Then the switch to the write protection. Ordinarily, to write-protected, properly write-protected the operating instructions. the of the and the that caused the If the using the the and the formatting to the operating peroperly. If the following section. If to the the the COPY to A-9 Troubleshooting
If with the the following: If the to as should, try with another to If the or the operation immediately and Authorized EPSON Servicer. If with the following: the light. If commands (such as DIR) to the the light should when the the If the light there with the Authorized EPSON Servicer this If timeout the the and the about seconds to back to when the correctly MS-DOS or the operating the instructions operating A-10 Troubleshooting
Software If with the following If the that following the the and that correctly. If the directory the or specifying the directory. If using the the high or while properly the the software to this the and the CPU necessary. the CPU Chapter instructions. If MS-DOS command that to try the following combinations: Ctrl C Ctrl the to the If when type the Ctrl to If the off seconds, and then back Then If of these software the woftware technical Troubleshooting A-11
You followinjg the instructions If connectedthe first that the and correctly connected to the instructions (The instructions If or feeding the the DIP switch to to whether to the MODE the MS-DOS to match the Memory If memory to and that memory operating properly, the following: the the amount of memory. instructions. memory correctly? Memory Chapter the memory properly CONFIG.SYS MS-DOS information. Troubleshooting A-12
Trackball or If trackball or other properly, these the trackball or connected properly? and them memory? the that with instructions. If the that with the troubleshooting information or the the connected to the KB as whether the the light when If think there something with the connected to the MOUSE turning the as Chapter the the from whom purchased or the EPSON Troubleshooting A-13
If to operating properly, the that with troubleshooting information and Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON the to the yourself; this Authorized EPSON Servicer CMOS Battery The clock the of CMOS RAM when the off. This should than year to this battery's exhausted, to the following: and Authorized EPSON Servicer to or the EPSON information. A-14 Troubleshooting
The internal that ActionNote the and and advanced correction This information about the and its built-in of commands. with BitCom software and LITE software. Normally, these software to the BitCom and LITE software information about to them. If with internal and purchased Authorized EPSON Servicer B-1
The following specifications the that ActionNote Specifications Command correction MNP to V. MNP to V.42, MNP B-2 Class 212A, CCITT G3, CCITT V.21, V.21, V.22, V.29 Class MNP V.42 Touch-tone or Touch-tone or COM2 COM2 Enhanced AT 212A, CCITT V.21, V.22, V.23, V.32, Class CCITT G3, V.17, V.21, V.29, T.30 14.4K, 12K, 14.4K, Class and Enhanced AT MNP 5V.42
Command If using telecommunications the built-in command These commands with the telecommunications software BitCom or LITE, its of commands that the You normally the commands instead of the built-in You the following information only using operating states: and The to commands from directly to the telephone The the when the the the Turn to of B-3
AT Command Summary Command command AT (incoming CCITT B0 B1 103/212A originates E0 off E! HO On immediately ready to ID I0 I1 ROM I2 internal memory high L3 off M1 M2 M3 off when O0 O1 and initiate Q0 Q1 off to Reads to V0 as V1 as X0 basic X1 X2 X3
AT Command Summary Command X4 Y0 Y1 Z0 Software user Z1 Software &C0 DCD &C1 DCD when &D0 DTR &D1 to when on-to-off DTR &D2 and to when on-to-off DTR when on-to-off DTR &D3 &F factory &G0 tone CCITT &G1 tone CCITT tone CCITT &G2 ratio 39%/61%(U.S.) &P0 ratio 33%/67%(U.K.) &P1 and &V &W0 as &W1 as &Y0 &Y1 &Z phone location B-5
Hookflash seconds) seconds) to command seconds to seconds MNP Command Summary Command the MNP to characters \A1 the MNP to characters the MNP to characters \A3 the MNP to characters \B3 to %C0 MNP %C1 MNP flow flow \G1 to match \J1 \K1 Empty and immediately to the \K3 to the with \K5 to the or with from the \N1 B-6 o o o o
MNP Command Summary (continued) Command \N4 V.42(LAP-M) V.42 V.42/MNP V.42/MNP Force of whether or the originated or the flow XON/XOFF flow RTS/CTS flow XON/XOFF software \Q4 flow CTS off established Unidirectional, CTS of established CTS off bidirectional flow established \S \T0 Inactivity \T to to of whether or the originated or the \V0 MNP and V.42 \V1 MNP and V.42 \X0 XON/XOFF through, XON/XOFF through and \X1 MNP while already connected o Switch to &Q5 correction To MNP5 &Q5 S36 (MNP) To MNP4 &Q5 S36 (MNP) S46 S48 V.42) S46 (MNP5) S48 V.42) B-7
MNP Command Summary Command &Q6 Normal &Y0 &Y1 %A the character to %C0 NMP5 %C1 without clearing %D0 Clear the %D1 -C to -D0 dictionary to and one/two-way (BTLZ) dictionary to and one/two-way (BTLZ) -D1 -D2 dictionary to and one/two-way (BTLZ) -D3 dictionary to and one/two-way (BTLZ) -P0 characters -P1 characters they AT Summary Command Unit S0 Auto-answer S1 counter S2 character ASCII character ASCII S3 ASCII S4 character S5 Backspace character ASCII S6 S7 S8 S9 S10 S11 Tone and S12 B-8
AT Summary Command Unit S13 S14 Option AAH S15 S16 Self-test S17 S18 Self-test S19 S20 S21 Option 00H S22 76H Option S23 Option 07H S24 S25 DTR S26 RTS to CTS turnaround S27 Option 40H S37 MNP below) below) below) below) below) B-9
Option S14 Unused Command (E0) Q0) (V0) Unused (T) Unused S21 mapped Unused DTR (&D0) DCD ON (&C0) Unused Y0) B-10 Command E1) (Q1) Word V1) P) On-to-Off DTR the to to the (&D1) On-to-Off DTR the to &D2) On-to-Off DTR the to (&D3) DCD tracts the of the C1) (Y1)
S22 (L0) (M0) Select (X0) ratio US P0) S23 Unused selected (AT parity) tone &G0) (L1) L2) high (L3) M1) (M2) off (M3) Select first (X1) Select (X2) Select third (X3) Select fourth ratio UK/HK (&P1) Communication selected (At parity) selected (AT parity) selected (AT parity) tone (&G2) (&G2) Unused B-11
S27 Unused CCITT V.22 V.21 BPS B0) 212A Unused MNP Summary S36 treatment then MNP or then V.42, then MNP MNP with S46 selection LAPM with BTLZ LAPM with BTLZ S48 V.42 action the process; the the and phases; once with the action specified S36 S82 Break affected \K commands immediately and immediately and Break with the transmitted as \K5 B-12
Summary Word OK Command CONNECT RING Telephone NO CARRIER or detected ERROR Command CONNECT NO DIAL TONE tone detected BUSY Called NO ANSWER Called CONNECT CONNECT 1200/REL MNP Class CONNECT MNP Class CONNECT 2400/REL MNP Class CONNECT 2400/REL MNP Class CONNECT V.42 CONNECT V.42 B-13
C Specifications This the ActionNote. It includes the international Unit CPU memory 128KB ROM BIOS (OTP) ROM (includes BIOS, VGA BIOS, and the optional 83S87-25 Clock/ clock, and CMOS RAM backed built-in clock RAM 512KB DRAM 486SLC2-50 4MB or 8MB; to 8MB; the first 64OKB memory and 128KB RAM; the memory 1MB as or expanded memory C-1 Specifications
and Connectors 3-inch 1.44MB and 720KB LCD VGA or SVGA of bidirectional RS-232C, asynchronous, PS/2-type PS/2-type ISA internal or installed) RJ-11 the internal C-2 Specifications internal of
Devices (US) and F11 and F12 trackball with and Trackball One inch 1.44MB and 720KB One internal high with AT interface and MCC mounting the LCD high-contrast two-film; paper-white. cathode (CCFT); and power-saving brightness and AC Battery +15.5VDC, 2.4A AC with Rechargeable, internal Specifications C-3
the AC optional and with the ActionNote (AC AP-3S25, A880461, A880451 and A881181). Physical Height (with to C to F) Non-operating: to C to F) to (non-condensing) to (non-condensing) Acoustical to to Non-operating: to to to the as to from C-4 Specifications
Source type AC AC type North America 10A 240V. 10A to 16A UK 240V, 10A 240V, 10A North America 240V, 15A Reference ANSI C73.11 NEMA 5-15-P IEC UL/CSA SJT 18/3AWG, or 16/3AWG or <HAR> 300V, 10A or 13A Reference CEE IEC IEC HD <HAR> 300V,. 10A BS BS 1363A IEC IEC HD EN ASTA <HAR> 300V, 10A AS C112 IEC HD <HAR> 300V, 10A ANSI C73.20 NEMA 6-15-P IEC UL UL/CSA SJT 18/3AWG 300V. 10A Specifications C
486SLC2-50 clock-doubled CPU specifically high-performance, The with the instruction and includes 1KB cache. The CPU operates the of the AC The that AC from outlet the DC to Action The AC charges the while the AUTOEXEC.BAT batch that MS-DOS each or the Backlighting (or The of the LCD LCD that to without of light. of to second. BIOS ROM that the basic input/output of the operating CMOS ROM type of memory Action that records information about RAM, CMOS ROM backed and when off the
COM1 The that MS-DOS to the that MS-DOS each or the You this to and buffers, and Specifying commands to of that the operation of the or optional that the CPU Copy-protected type of that copied. copy-protected to the the while the to instead of high CPU Processing Unit. The integrated integrating instructions, and input and operations CPU The which the CPU commands. The Action high or clock or operating
CRT Cathode type of such as or TV that of the of include expanded memory and the ActionNote to function the and Graphics and other non-alphanumeric Interface or software to or KB to memory or One bytes. LCD thin, containing thousands of that turned and off individually as the
LED Light light such as those the Action and internal of wires that information from the to the the ActionNote. increased performance. Math MB to memory or One or 1024KB. Memory optional that 4MB of memory to memory to the of Computer's internal clock. One second. CPU such as the 486SLC. CPU. that allows the to and the telephone
type of the ActionNote 5OO type of the Action The the Action which You turning the function or holding the and of of which the that each character The type of LCD ActionNote. the or or of the One or of thousands that Input/output to which peripheral
of testing the turn Access Memory. The of the memory that and temporarily while RAM temporarily while the when off the ROM. Read/write head The physical that reads and records the of clock battery-powered clock the that track of the and when the off. To operating or operating information RAM. ROM Memory. The of the memory that containspermanentinstrMionsandcannotbemodifkd.Unlike RAM, ROM its off the RAM. RS-232C interface. The ActionNote that RS-232C to
of of which the that character sequnuentially.See The to the and options of The function that the BIOS and BIOS from ROM The the switch to the right or timeout specified the Timeout amount of the the selected the specified amount of the VGA Graphics high-resolution To from written. write-protected, or its RAM to performance