EPSON Printed
America or warranties, or implied, or with to this and ofmerchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information contained from the of the information this and features to without EPSON of Corporation EPSON and EPSON Direct service of Inc. Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. California, USA IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heat or cover the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using the as or that switch and off. the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected Computers
instructions instructions conserver tous type Tout branche photocopies marche-arrt tous branches tomber
Introduction EPSON@ the state-of-the-art PC incorporating the high-performance TM and PC1 architecture. includes the following features: 8MB of memory (RAM) 4MB memory to 128MB 256KB of secondary cache memory the Integrated AT1 high-performance, PC1 graphics with VGA 1MB of RAM (VRAM) to 2MB 256KB VRAM PC1 board and half-length board) Three ISA and half-length boards) I/O integrating the the the and the IDE IDE ISA interface 2.88MB and BIOS EEPROM including the and PC1 Introduction
Processing Unit (CPU) the to its expanded and the includes the following features: Introduction supply switchable and VAC RS-232C One PS/2TM and and Microsoft@ TM VESA TM 8514/A full-height or half-height, 5.25-inch and 3.5-inch, 1.44MB and 3.5-inch security additional cooling. with architecture Integrated with the 486DX and with ANSI/ IEEE 16KB cache (8KB and 8KB
Memory memory includes and memory. such as MS-DOS, OS/ UNIX NetWare, NextStep, and memory. performance, OS/ UNIX, NetWare, and NextStep-as as MS-DOS memory. The to 128MB of RAM, which using or Memory The includes 16KB of internal cache. The includes cache that the 256KB of secondary cache memory the board. The onboard AT1 VGA, PCI that graphics performance. The with MDA, CGA, Graphics, EGA, and VGA The non-interlaced as as The with 1MB of VRAM to You 1MB of VRAM (2MB to of Introduction
You the VESA 8514/A the board subsystem of the such as 8514/A or DVI board. the and and included the AT1 The to four 3.5-inch or 5.25-inch. to 3.5-inch including the 1.44MB that with The other to 5.25-inch (or 3.5-inch with 5.25-inch mounting full-height or half-height. these optional or as as CD-ROM and BIOS The BIOS EEPROM the board. The BIOS includes the following: ISA and PC1 (POST) PC1 below) BIOS and recovery Introduction
of the BIOS to allow BIOS to from fast, RAM instead of from the PCI The PC1 with the to PC1 boards. The with 2.0G of the PC1 BIOS turn the PC1 board, the BIOS DMA I/O Since PC1 boards the as ISA boards, the the ISA boards the BIOS the BIOS EEPROM easily the BIOS without the The from or or to this You to everything this the following chapter to the sections Chapter instructions and optional to the to You to this the first or the Introduction
covers operating such as the the and the It the BIOS. Chapter to and the cover, and optional such as option cards, memory and VRAM chips. Chapter to and the refresh rates, and that with and to the and Chapter troubleshooting the specifications of At the of this Index and of U.S. and international locations. Used This This the following the Introduction
Where to If purchased the United States or EPSON and service through of Authorized EPSON Service EPSON services through the EPSON the United States, (You EPSON and the EPSON the EPSON the following: technical ready to and its and to the Chapter information. If purchased the United States or EPSON or the location and service. International locations the of this If with software the that with that technical information Technical with the and of EPSON products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Service of or EPSON products Customer relations EPSON technical information service Product and products. Introduction
CompuServe The to helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON products through the America CompuServe. If already CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America If currently of CompuServe, free introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: introductory credit CompuServe ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication. To of this offer, the United States and and other the following U.S. telephone or CompuServe information Introduction
Chapter- This to including: Choosing location the input Checking the optional Locating front and back features Turning the and off. Choosing ready to choose location that the following: and attract electricity, which the and Select cool, and from humidity, and or other of heat. inches of around the freely.
interference. too to such as telephone or which field. with the cords the Checking the Cord information. the supply integrated the to boards, and You the switch the back to the supply to VAC the of VAC) or VAC the of VAC). that the the switch. correctly, the selected displayed the switch. If to the or other pointed to the switch to the or right. to the switch the
Checking the Cord If the with this with the that the following The rated with the AC that least of the rating of the The the of the that outlet grounding-type It showing agency
The the of the IEC type CEE-22 The than to or the AC the type required. Optional optional such as boards, and software, to and and the Turning On the the Once successfully, off and the of optional If to without or as these to the and the You them these
features include To Ctrl or the off, seconds, and then back
Turning On the the following to or or peripheral (including the or or the off. off or while light This the the with protective least seconds off the to to the
To the first turn and other Then the the front The light and the its the the the board, memory, and peripheral the memory the displays the amount of memory that tested. The to seconds to If to the memory to SC (The memory Ctrl It that testing. If the or of Chapter of and troubleshooting the following If to the F1. You from to seconds to F1 the and the Press to
Turning the Whenever off follow these and the and lights to they off the light the or from the Press the to off the Turn off the and other peripheral
Chapter the built the BIOS and information without This information CMOS RAM, which backed when the off. You to or information about such as the of the the amount of memory and whether and other You to the first and should of the following: the or memory) to because the clock. the
Starting the the which the CMOS RAM the booting what the as the below. the
The initially of and This the option of or that each the options To the right, or arrow or to the of the selected option. The the of each You the following function of the the
The below the options the the sections of each option Option CMOS Advanced CMOS Advanced options, such as or cache, ISA and ISA Peripheral and associated with the I/O such as the and with Allows to the CMOS with the BIOS the ROM with Allows to the CMOS with the the of the Allows to or that to or the operating to CMOS and write to to the CMOS and and to CMOS RAM the options such as the and selecting and types, and the amount of memory the to CMOS RAM
CMOS Specify the the hours, and seconds 24-hour clock P.M. hour You the seconds to A: Select the and type of the as or Not The 1.44MB, 3l/2-inch. B: Select the and type of the as B. The Not C, D, F: There three choices each IDE AUTO-CONFIG. This the BIOS to the the and You should this option to the the
This allows to explicitly the the the when AUTO CONFIG Select first as should this type necessary. C, D, F: Timeout This option allows to the amount of the to IDE Select or seconds. The seconds. If to with Not to testing of the the and The Installed. Memory the amount of memory currently selected. You this however, the Memory optionon the Advanced CMOS to the Memory the amount of memory. You this the
Advanced CMOS Typematic Rate This option allows to the operates. You or (The Disabled.) the following options Typematic Rate Typematic Rate the which Press F1 This option allows to or the Press FI to that appears the The Enabled. This option the On or of the when the The On. to input when You choose or The characters when The higher the the the characters You choose or characters The the
This option which the first to operating The following options A: C The C. This selection allows to from necessary. C: A: The C first. C: The C and other CPU This option allows to the CPU the when the You high or High and operating The High. Memory This option allows to or both the internal and secondary memory. The Enabled. Network Checking If this option, prompted when to to the You this option to The Disabled. the
ISA Linear The ISA boards that of board to this option to board. You specify the to 2MB, or 4MB. If this option, board performance (If this option the Linear To option automatically.) The Disabled. Linear To the ISA this selection automatically. the the becomes Memory This option to the option, Memory Base. If Memory to C0000H or D0000H, Memory of 16KB, 32KB, 48KB, or 64KB. The Disabled. Memory This option allows to memory location as RAM. The choices the C0000H or D0000H with each within the C0000H choose C0000H, C4000H, CS000H, or CCOOOH. This option affects the previous option, Memory Once this option, the Memory option. the
The memory 64KB. You reach 64KB the memory to COOOOH or DOOOOH. Selecting the other Memory the Memory to Memory You memory of 640KB or 512KB. The 640KB. IDE DMA You choose from three of IDE DMA B, or F. You should the this information about the that with The Disabled. IDE Sector This option to the previous option, IDE DMA The the IDE DMA to sectors You or S/B (sectors If S/B, assured of the burst the the The Disabled. Enhanced ISA LBA This option or the ISA If IDE that than 512MB, this option. The Disabled. the
Enhanced ISA this option, the ISA operates This performance the ISA boards the (instead of the The Disabled. ISA IRQ ISA IRQ I0, and ISA IRQ These options the IRQ through IRQ the PC1 You or Used each option. Select Used there ISA that the specified If to the PC1 to Peripheral Option This option allows to whether to manually the peripheral the I/O or whether the to automatically. The If selected, the of the Peripheral option On-board This option allows to or the built-in The Enabled. the
On-board IDE This option allows to or the built-in IDE The Enabled. First You of 2E8H, 3E8H, 2F8H, or 3F8H. If Option to this option to Disabled. You COM2 of 2ESH, 3ESH, 2FSH, or 3FSH. If Option to this option to Disabled. You of 278H, 378H, or 3BCH. If Option to this option to Disabled. IRQ Active State This option allows to the IRQ High or to assert the The High. This option the the built-in You Normal or (or EPP, bidirectional higher performance when EPP The Normal. the
With BIOS This option the CMOS with the the ROM. With This option the CMOS with the the of the with this option, the function. The unauthorized users from the or from booting the operating You of to characters. to the then the Enabled. Press ESC to You or the with this option: necessary. To the and the the first and then when to If the of the board. Chapter instructions. the
to CMOS and to to CMOS and to the to the CMOS and the Not to CMOS and If to of the to this option to those and the
Chapter- This chapter the following operations: or the the the the BIOS. Command or You to command or while If DOS that to of the following: Press Press Ctrl C Press Ctrl If these to the as below. off the to or to, because the
the Occasionally, to clear the memory without turning off. You this the and the to commands, to operating and try memory that necessary. the to classify and when them. If the without properly exiting the the operating the or A; the operating A. Then Ctrl If the option to C the operating the when the If the the to off and from the Turn off the and seconds. If operating the bootable A. Then the
If the the CURRENT whenever or (If F1 to the F1.) the type and the the operating or If the nothing and You to the as as the high or to with You should high everything and the software to this the If to or the as If the of the board. Chapter instructions.
copy-protected the to while the These to disk-the that the protection-in the If copy-protected the to to the and it to high when finished. You the temporarily of the following commands from the To Ctrl You hear low-toned To high Ctrl You hear high-toned You the commands while the of these commands another function, to the The of the following: Turn off the with another command.
the BIOS BIOS easy to the BIOS from or You the BIOS and recovery to the following: the BIOS from Copy the BIOS from the to to the finished the BIOS to to that the the and that the the BIOS If to BIOS, the BIOS and recovery and BIOS through the following Once the and the BIOS them to bootable to If to the from or memory the the EPSON the United States) or and technical The technical the from the EPSON CompuServe to the America of the Introduction this necessary, instructions CompuServe.
ready to BIOS, follow these the of J12H1 board to BIOS Chapter instructions. the bootable containing the BIOS and the BIOS A. The from the and the BIOS title Press You the Select FLASH Memory from At the BIOS. The to of the BIOS. Select with The BIOS and the of the operation. (If or other the section to recover BIOS.) the from and to and that correctly. (If to bootable this the and of them necessary. Turn off the Turn You the Path/Filename Selectthe .BIO to the
Turn off and then the of J12H1 back to the operation the of J13H1 to CMOS to their Chapter instructions. Turn and that correctly. Turn off the and back to the CMOS operation. Turn the F1 to and as necessary. Recovering BIOS If or occurred as the BIOS, follow these to recover BIOS: the of J12H1 to allow recovery of BIOS. Chapter instructions. the bootable containing the BIOS and recovery and the BIOS A. Turn You the of this of the amount of the to and the light (as below) to the operation. The once and the LED lights The recover operation finished copying the recovery the and the light
the from and to that correctly. Turn off and then the of back to the operation the bootable BIOS Turn Follow the instructions the section to BIOS.
and Removing This chapter to and the following optional boards Memory RAM It to and the cover these options and to or (as Chapter locating and and of and or options, Post-installation options or when the turned or the connected to the off and the the cover. and Removing
the Follow these to the computers cover: Turn off peripheral connected to the Turn off the from the If necessary, the them correctly. the screws the cover to the back the back of the cover as shown then from the ground touching the of the back to conducting electricity. and Removing
the Computers or the that everything properly and that screws the cover the approximately as shown the the of the cover with the screw the back the front of the cover the and the of the cover beneath the of the front Then the back of the cover the screws the back to the and
the below to the board. and Removing
The below the functions of the Each To these the and
You to boards PC1 boards and three ISA boards. The the board to boards ISA and PCI) and to three half-length boards ISA and PCI). boards that of the A-6. Follow these to board If board containing secondary MDA or CGA with BIOS. You the built-in VGA as the the cover; the screw and the cover from the to the cover to board and the screw to board. and Removing
To the of the the supply, first the as shown below. and Removing
the board from its and it grounded, static-free with the facing or switches the board to the instructions. the board its top or corners, and as shown below. If board, with the board the front Then the the the and to electricity as the board or its board
the rounded notch the boards with the threaded the and then the screw. to the the screw or the with board. If the to the board, the and with the screw. to the internal to the board, the cover, Post-installation instructions with the board. Removing Follow the below to from from the board to the cover; connected to the board, necessary. to electricity as the board or its and
If board the of the the supply, the to the board. to the the screw that the board to the the board each and the of the to the other the board protective wrapper. the cover the and with the screw. If the to the board, the and with the screw. to the Post-installation instructions without the board. with 8MB of memory 4MB memory the board. You memory to 128MB 2MB, 4MB, 8MB, 16MB, or 32MB the four SIMM and You cover to the and cooling characteristics of the
The SIMM and consisting of each. You the type of SIMM 4MB 4MB SIMM and 8MB SIMM. of the 4MB and 8MB The or tin-plated, parity/ type. You they performance. The below the 16MB and 32MB You these or their The below of other than of those the SIMM and
SIMM (continued) and
boards that to the SIMM instructions. the 3.5-inch the SIMM the instructions Chapter the SIMM the board the the SIMM its and from its You first J4H1 and J4H2) and then them and the SIMM the shown below with the notched of the SIMM facing the back the SIMM the then the board about and clicks and
and each SIMM to the 3.5-inch as boards the cover. Post-installation instructions memory. To SIMM, the following: the cover; boards that to the SIMM instructions. the 3.5-inch the SIMM the instructions the SIMM the board using the Gently outward the each of the SIMM enough to allow to the top to the shown the and Removing The notch the of the should the SIMM and the of the SIMM should beneath the If the SIMM seated correctly, outward the to and try
the SIMM its and from the the SIMM and each SIMM to the 3.5-inch as Chapter boards the cover. Post-installation instructions memory. VRAM with 1MB of VRAM the board which to You 1MB of VRAM to increase the to Chapter of The VRAM VRAM the board and Each ZIP VRAM. You Follow these to the cover; boards that to the VRAM instructions. the VRAM the board the and
of the from its to the the You the first VRAM the VRAM that its notch or with the of the containing This the of the that to the back (There notch the the board, to the the VRAM with the the and the VRAM. to the through to the and boards the cover. Post-installation instructions VRAM. and Removing notch
Removing VRAM Post-insfallation or options such as memory VRAM chips, or the to the Chapter instructions. Additionally, to or commands to operating and the that with optional the cover; boards that to the VRAM instructions. the VRAM the board the of to the of the VRAM and of its the VRAM to of the boards the cover. Post-installation below, instructions VRAM. and
Chapter- and This chapter to and optional You these instructions to of including CD-ROM or Although from the should to the to four You 3.5-inch, internal half-height the 3.5-inch with the 3.5-inch that with the 5.25-inch to 5.25-inch (or 3.5-inch with 5.25-inch mounting them). This or externally such as CD-ROM or To or first the cover as Chapter Then follow the instructions this chapter to the following: the the mounting from and the 3.5-inch or the 3.5-inch or 5.25-inch of the this chapter apply to information. and Removing
or Post-installation instructions with You to know the of heads, sectors, the C option correctly type. Chapter and the that with this information. the IDE to or the of the to they correctly The below the high-capacity, optional EPSON If the that with or the the IDE CS selection) CS used, the grounded and grounded. and
the Mounting If there mounting attached to to to them the If 3.5-inch the 3.5-inch or 5.25-inch the 5.25-inch to mounting the 3.5-inch the 5.25-inch the mounting the Follow these to mounting On there and grounding attached to of the mounting If the screws them to the mounting and the and grounding Then the screws each mounting to the and the mounting and
the 3.5inch The 3.5-inch the that with and 3.5-inch to internal You the from the the following: or 3.5-inch the or the 5.25-inch or the board beneath the Follow these to the the cover; Chapter boards the instructions. the and from the back of the and
the four screws the to the the the back Then the back of the and of the If to the 3.5-inch to 3.5-inch If the to or 5.25-inch to the instructions following. If the to or Chapter instructions. and
the 3.5-inch Follow these to the the the the the front of the the front of the and the the back. the the and the fits its the front the four screw the with the top of the 5.25-inch and the of the board as shown the previous Then the with the screws. the and to the 3.5-inch If that the and the its the from its board boards from the Chapter the cover; Chapter Post-installation Chapter instructions with the and Removing
3.5-inch Follow these to the 3.5-inch Follow the instructions to the from the the its front the front of the and the the back. Then the the the four screws that with the to to the If the the screws the of the or the Follow the instructions to the the and
Removing 3.5-inch Follow these to from the 3.5-inch Follow the instructions to the from the the four screws the to the (If with four instead of the the of the If the that with to because the fits the or the instructions the and the screws the of the
5.25-inch The 5.25-inch full-height or half-height To 3.5-inch the 5.25-inch the 5.25-inch mounting attached to If with IDE and to or of them, to that IDE or through Follow these to 5.25-inch the cover; Follow the instructions to the 3.5-inch from the To the front the the front Press the top and the to of the Then this the other The connected to the the LED the to the and
If externally to the front that Press the four the and the front of the as shown the To the covering the front of the selected the outward slightly to release its from the the the plate the or switches required) the to the instructions. the the front of the its the front of the from the front externally or fits completely the front internal the the with the the and Removing plate
the with the four screws that with If to the the that the to the front of the the switch assembly to the the screw the switchs grounding Then the back of the switch and the switch assembly from the front of the the back. switch and Removing
If IDE to the to the IDE1 interface the board the to the with the board. the to the If the the the that the to the front of the the switch assembly that the assembly its the front the the assembly the of the the switch and its grounding with the screw. the the 3.5-inch the the cover; Chapter and 5.25-inch to the type of free the This to the board interface J851. the Chapter to this interface.) Then to If type of IDE or the instructions to the to the and the interface. cabling the and board. If this, to the the top of the
Post-installation Chapter instructions with the 5.25-inch Follow these to 5.25-inch the cover; Chapter Follow the instructions to the 3.5-inch from the To the front the the front Press the top and the to of the Then this the other The connected to the the LED the to the the and supply from the the back of the to and
the screws the to the the of the front of the and If externally to the front that Press the the front of the the four If externally to the covering the front of the selected the top the the the the of the The the of the the the the right Then the plate slightly to the the other the the other of the and If the the that the to the front of the the switch assembly to the the screw the switchs wire. Then the back of the switch and the switch assembly from the front of the the back. grounding switch
If the the the that the to the front of the the computers switch assembly that the assembly its the front the the assembly the of the the switch and its with the screw. the To the front the each of the with the each of the front the LED the of the front the front Then the the the 3.5-inch the the cover; Chapter Post-installation Chapter instructions with the You and to the characteristics of the and to cooling of the interior. and Removing
Chapter- the integrated AT1 PC1 graphics which the following features: VGA MS-DOS performance graphical user interface (GUI) performance Linear The incorporates performance functions graphics including and It to 2MB of memory and VGA/ VESA and IBM 8514/A with that to the following Microsoft and the 8514-AI graphics interface You the to the graphics This chapter of these which the AT1 The chapter the refresh and with as the sections below. the
Supported Refresh Rates The of refresh below. The software of the refresh The refresh the type selected and the of information about and information about its refresh rate(s). Supported The below the the
the
The following the that directly the the released of that higher refresh the that matches the information the the
If this to its characteristics match of the types. If that type when the If EPSON the information the type should select. Interlaced the
EPSON If match of these types, as You the You to the matches the the below and to the the amount of memory match the
If to the to the following to the correctly: Starting the Follow these to the the AT1 A. and INSTALL If than should the such as boards or LAN boards, the COM4 (2E8) or the 2E0 to 2EF. to LAN boards, boards, or other the memory C000 and C7FF. of the amount of memory currently commands to memory from CONFIG.SYS the the
You this These options the sections below. If indicating that the information. The as the the of the The throughout the the operations. the Select the first option the Selection This option informs graphics of the type of connected to the and the options that when the Selection Graphics Interface
You the following If the shown FIO to the and to the Selection If to of the follow these Select You of monitors, as shown Custom from the You of You to the refresh that each of the the refresh rates. VGA or PS/2 VGA (CVSO) VGA Memory Shared If this to its characteristics match of the types. If that type and to If match of these types, to You the refresh rates each or as these the
Follow the instructions the to and the refresh the follow the instructions the to the If the incorrect, the to further refresh each to The option to the of VGA (CVSO) and should this If to each or this option and to EGA, CGA, MDA720X350, or MDA640X400. The VGA Memory option the amount of memory to VGA and VGA applications. VGA and VESA the and enough memory. the this to that enough memory selected the F10 to the The selected become the If to these temporarily, the option from the Selection and follow the instructions the the If 1MB of memory installed, the of Shared If 2MB, should
the section instructions testing the graphics the Graphics You the of the graphics the the AT1 You might to these the and with If the follow the instructions the Selection Graphics You of Follow the instructions the to the and that operating correctly. the and tested the graphics the and To the and follow the instructions to the already the Selection Follow the instructions the to the the graphics from MS-DOS the the
Once these and If already and the as instructions. Then the section instructions the and them. the the and and the To the the as already the Selection Follow the instructions the to the The the when the first To the utility. that the section instructions to the to the C:\ WINDOWS\ MACH.WRI that the to This information the features. Follow the instructions to the the
that allows to and It activates advanced features. the displays the group. The the You this to another and where To the The and displays selection boxes: and Colors. You buttons: OK, Advanced, and The sections below the the function within information. the to the (the of the Generally, should the highest If of the high with or as follows; 1MB of RAM, as as enough memory to the and the refresh 2MB of RAM, should with or the
Colors the Colors to the of displayed. Colors and Generally, the higher the the the the the the OK and displayed that restarted, or that selections and to the the options selected and the and Colors to their Colors: Advanced Advanced below. allows to of and allows with the With that or of the the the
You assign to the following Select the to assigned to the selected function. to to Ctrl Home, as the Function, as the and the Ctrl and boxes. The and the selected the function. This to conflicts with that the The If AT1 GSFONTS, these used. If AT1 GSFONTS, the the Turn off the to them. If them the Character to the of the characters. The to the AT1 This Microsoft and the AT1 the Right the right the the the of the the
Advanced the Advanced to specify the following: inch) Dithering. The sections below these features. This option the of the It than or to the (You that the This expanded memory or the You vertically and the the to the of the BPP This when from the Colors You this to the of red, and the
The options The (often to as or as If displays when using or the This the inch (LDPI). these the The options Font LDPI Font LDPI DTP LDPI This when from the Colors You this to own Select On to or to the to the when the turned off. the
Dithering The normally dither (combining or to the of third when and this with the to On, the dithering to VGA This should the There of software that the IBM graphics Direct-to-register (those which write directly to the and Interface (those which the through the Interface or AI). direct-to-register writes directly to the of the A. of such Microsoft OS/ and If the instructions this chapter, these without further the graphics (8514/A) software interface the 8514-AI Interface). of such WordPerfect, and MS-DOS. MS-DOS-based the AI approach, the graphics each information AI the
The Interface (AI) interface written exclusively the The AI to the interface to the of the It with AI written the IBM 8514/A. that the Interface TSR (terminate and HDILOAD.EXE. You the to the Interface TSR as the Selection Interface. that the AI directory HDIPCDOS, should the directory as prompted installation. The to of the interface. If manually and the AI the following commands: with 1MB of memory with VGA to 512KB AI 2MB with VGA AI C:\HDILOAD C:\HDILOAD UNLOAD the
Chapter- Troubleshooting If as and to this chapter. You repeating software or the If the the Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON technical ready to the of its BIOS its (including the type of and boards), and the and of software these to information about BIOS MS-DOS the back of the to the the BIOS displayed the when its and At the MS-DOS type VER and to the MS-DOS Troubleshooting
and applications, Software About from the software displays the Also, software CONFIG.SYS: At the MS-DOS type TYPE C and to of CONFIG.SYS which commands. AUTOEXEC.BAT: At the MS-DOS type TYPE Troubleshooting C C and Enter-to of AUTOEXEC.BAT which commands.
and Information This section the and ISA (NMI) that might or hear when the Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting
ISA NMI Troubleshooting This section troubleshooting to and its Turn off the and peripheral from the the and the the properly grounded and securely connected to the Turn the and its and to least two-thirds of the to the with the Troubleshooting
If the operating normally from the there the If the operating normally from the operating the Turn the If the light the to operating normally, the the Each the the the board, memory, and peripheral the memory the displays the amount of memory tested. the amount of memory installed, the to seconds to If to the memory to terminate SC The memory Ctrl One of the following the If the the once and then that the that to the following: ERROR ERROR Press to RESUME Troubleshooting
Confirm that the the operating that caused incorrect or the following correctly connected and secured? the Chapter the properly the the board correctly? Chapter and switch boards and peripheral correctly? the the shipped with these that there conflicts; boards the Troubleshooting of the and F1 to there only If displayed, RUN SETUP. If this appears, F1 to that the from of If this type of to the and the of this chapter.
the supply to the input Chapter boards and correctly? and there attached? bootable A? If the it properly or correctly? reseating the the operating properly loaded? the operating the Correctly the and software correctly, often through the following to easily the If the software from try using If the software from from If the software correctly, there with the the the software the and try the clearing the CMOS RAM and (Chapter Troubleshooting
New Application Software that when software related to the software. other software correctly. through the below to easily the If the and corrected of these items, the software service the the the software? the software Troubleshmting If the to the If the reformatting the the I/O the If the there the input incorrect), supply, or other or brownout occurred. Symptoms of include and the responding to commands. the software and the heads of the to the This or If the the outlet and the cord. reseating the Chapter
the software authorized Unauthorized often authorized of the software. If the software from it If the software from the software correctly procedures and the the the software correctly the the software correctly? the software infected with to both and the software Troubleshooting
Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON the actions the below the Application correctly. software Troubleshooting that the board properly. that correctly. the the recorded previously. If type of specified, the and the Record the software properly the to the software information. of the software to the with the the software Chapter If other software correctly the the of the software that If of the with clearing CMOS RAM (Chapter and (Chapter of to clearing CMOS RAM the options to their If the operates normally there the or that the
Characters the or incorrect the and properly the and properly Characters appear the and turned that the brightness and properly that the properly If board, installed, and correctly. the CMOS RAM If CMOS RAM reason the of the buttery enough to the the and the light properly when that the properly and or tested the the and the light properly when the front securely or tested attached to the board the that the properly and the activity. Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting
CPU and Memory CPU memory memory with TM and TM CPUs; and write burst built-in 16KB write-back cache; integrated High and high and compatibility; selection through or commands 8MB memory 4MB to 128MB 2MB, 4MB, SMB, 16MB, and 32MB or or tin-plated, parity/ type of 16KB of internal write-back the 256KB of secondary, direct-mapped, write-through cache 32KB the board; and the 82434LX PCMC Specifications
ROM 128KB and BIOS located EEPROM recovery and the PC1 board and write-protectable RAM 1MB of RAM to to 2MB 256KB ZIP the board to to RAM Supports of and BIOS ROM, and ROM located board RAM Clock/ clock, and CMOS RAM CMOS RAM and clock and DS12887 integrated and CMOS RAM clearable and the or board A-2 Specifications
SMC FDC37C665 I/O with interface the to IDE BIOS function SMC FDC37C665 I/O bidirectional and (IBM and (EPP with BIOS/ and high (ECP SMC FDC37C665 I/O RS-232C AT1 68800AX graphics connected directly to the PC1 with MDA, CGA, Graphics, EGA, and VGA and and non-interlaced SMC FDC37C665 I/O with interface the board to or and FIFO (first-in-first-out) with 2.88MB Specifications A-3
Interfaces SVGA PC1 interface with VESA subsystem bidirectional with D-shell RS-232C asynchronous with PSI with DIN PSI with DIN ISA half-length, ISA PC1 and half-length PC1 3.5-inch, one-inch high the and 3.5-inch, 1.6-inch high optional internal the A-4 Specifications Externally 5.25-inch, half-height as 5.25-inch, full-height
two-position height; or typewriter function ROM; Physical Characteristics switchable to VAC and to VAC; C input Amps to VAC; Amps to VAC Amps to VAC; to VAC to board; four to Specifications A-5
DC board To to the board or supply, of A-6 Specifications
Tested Although software the following operating tested with NetWare tested and as workstation and become these tested and certified. Microsoft MS-DOS DR DOS NetWare and NetWare IBM OS/ SCO UNIX release SCO Microsoft and Microsoft WorkGroups Microsoft NT NextStep LAN Specifications A-7
from EPSON options and this from EPSON, including the following: VGA and high-resolution VGA and Professional Keyboards and or USA International PSI 2-type 5.25-inch and 3.5-inch and High-performance CD-ROM SCSI and PCMCIA Sound boards VRAM A-8 Specifications
Memory Specifications A-9
A-10 Specifications
(continued) Specifications A-11
(continued) DMA This or the US (UL Edition), (CSA and (TUV to EN60950, IEC A-12 Specifications
Connector Assignments (J13C1) (J13E1, J13F1) (JPH1) Specifications A-13
(J1H1) (JBJ1) A-14 Specifications
AT IDE (JBJ2) Specifications A-15
front (J3A1) ISA board A-16 Specifications
ISA board Specifications A-17
PCI A-18 Specifications
and (J13G1 and J13H5) LED (J1F3) LED (J1G1) LED (JlHl) Specifications A-19
(J13A1) VESA (J10A1) A-20 Specifications