This tested and found to with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to and reception there that interference If this interference to and reception, which the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS FOR CANADIAN USERS WARNING
America or warranties, or implied, or with to anything this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information from the of the information this publication and to without of Corporation ActionNote of America, Inc. Other and of their respective Copyright America, Inc. California IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning; or cleaners of the the or and the and the back or or cover these the or or heat the the type of indicated its If to the Germany, the following To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected to properly grounded (earthed) outlets. If to the to the as or that switch and off. allow the to become or If with the the of the of the the the rating the cord. Also, the of products the outlet of this through the
as specifically this to service the yourself. servicing to service the from the and servicing to service the following A. the or B. If the C. If the normally when the operating instructions those that covered the operating instructions. of other and to the to operation. D. If the or the E. If the performance.
Instructions instructions conserver tous instructions toute chariot, type protection On tout fiche services branches rallonge. branch&
reparation On service service service A. B. C. refuse instructions. instructions Tout tout service. D. E. performance.
Introduction The ActionNote TM light-weight of and Its 486SLC computers, high-speed performance. 2MB, 4MB, or 8MB of RAM LCD which VGA of and VGA with of trackball PCMCIA II PC 3.5-inch, 1.44MB or or VGA or Rechargeable AC the and recharging the optional to Introduction
Where to If purchased the United States, America and service through nationwide of Authorized Service services through the the the following: Technical with the installation, and operation of products of or products Assistance with Service Assistance locating Authorized or Service Customer relations technical information service--also directly Product with technical and products. technical ready to and its and to the information. If purchased the United States, Service. ActionNote should this If included, the there located the of with the to Introduction
If purchased the United States, or the location and service. International locations the back cover of this If with software the that with that technical information. What This You to everything this to the following chapter to the sections Chapter Chapter to the SETUP this the first This to or the of Chapter covers information about the Chapter to the AC and the and to Chapter to optional Chapter VGA troubleshooting the specifications. At the of the and Index. Introduction
Used This This the following type Text as appears the DISKCOPY A: B: Text that type exactly as shown path\filename VIDEO introduction the the and the the or the and the Words lowercase optional type the and such as WORK\CONTACT of
Chapter the This chapter to It covers: instructions or such as memory or Chapter the the Connecting the AC Connecting Turning the the
the Follow these to the LCD the Turn the its front facing the release the to the right and the the
the started, the below to the of The the front and right shown LCD LCD that VGA to of Release this to the right to release the top cover and the LCD the
Brightness switch This switch the background of the LCD the switch to the or to switch This switch the the background and foreground the LCD the switch to the or to Trackball this built-in to around the items, or choose commands that switch This switch the and off. with the to the right to Chapter instructions. cover this cover to or memory. Chapter This where type commands and information, Chapter the
lights The lights information about its operation. Power-Indicates the turned battery-Flashes to the than the the the PC slot-Indicates PC the PC Lock-Indicates that the This activates the the Lock-Indicates that the Lock-Indicates that the the
Rear and The the and of the shown PC PCMCIA or II PC Chapter instructions. Battery The rechargeable when the AC connected. To the battery, this the back of the the
EXT KB keyboard/mouse this to or Additionally, the to this or other and or with the PRINTER this instructions or Chapter instructions optional PRINTER You such as to this with the EXT KB this or Chapter instructions. COM This (RS-232C) Chapter information. VIDEO VGA You VGA or to this displays information both the LCD and the DC input the AC instructions. the
Connecting the AC The AC to countries, as the VAC, If using the country other than the where purchased the the the specifications the AC AP-006) with the You to the AC to charge the the first Follow these the AC to the DC input the back of the the
the to the AC the other of the to grounded (earthed) The lights the AC the properly: instructions the AC chapter Indicates the connected to Flashes when the recharging; steady when the the
Connecting You 3.5-inch or when to Follow these the off. the cover the back of the the notch the top. the with the and both the the turned off connecting or the otherwise the
the screws to the SETUP as Chapter to the Option to 1.44MB, Turning On the first the charged; the AC connected when the first the first and using-such as or Chapter information about optional Then the switch the right of the to the
The displays copyright information and then of that the boards, memory, and It displays including this Press to SETUP You this Press <F1> to or to SETUP If this to the SETUP and Chapter of the SETUP While the finishes its testing, showing If necessary, the the to the Then to the process. the factory, the should to SETUP to the and Additionally, the that this information match to SETUP with MSDOS and Microsoft the If with MS-DOS, MS-DOS as as the If to another operating such as OS/2, or the that with instructions. (Although this includes MS-DOS commands, it to operating operating instructions.) the
Chapter SETUP The SETUP the of its the factory, the information the first the If the computers optional however, to the SETUP The SETUP the ROM BIOS (read-only memory, input/output or the SETUP or the following and or RAM type booting SETUP
The through SETUP of memory CMOS RAM. This memory backed battery, when off or the Whenever the the and the information CMOS RAM and to SETUP. You such as the following: CMOS memory SETUP You the following the of the Press F1 to or to SETUP If this to SETUP and the Starting the SETUP To SETUP, there the then (If already off, seconds, and then the the following the of the Press to SETUP as this If within approximately seconds, the the operating and to SETUP. If this or the and try SETUP
the first SETUP The options each shown the following SETUP options 1.44MB.3.5" Trackball On BIOS BIOS security A. C C,A Warning High C: (85MB) (120MB) (MB) If to the to highlight the option. SETUP
The below the to SETUP operations. function Function the and The clock continuously the and when the turned off. The first SETUP, to the and Once the and SETUP, should to them, to the or other seasonal (The the years.) SETUP of the with the the option currently selected screen this the from to or to the the SETUP the to the option the increases or the the and to the Displaysthe
the arrow to the the of the or to the option, the first of the field from the the or to the or You and type the that numbers. the 24-hour clock. the or with and to to the The option of the following: If to the 3.5-inch. 1.44MB, the Trackball This option or the built-in trackball. To or other connected to the EXT KB or COM this option to Disabled. To the built-in trackball, this option to Enabled. 1.44MB, 3.5-inch SETUP
the On) it The On option the which the the This option allows flexibility If without or choose of the options the following to the If You to booting the You to booting If encounters the You to booting, the the RAM RAM memory) than ROM memory). The option allows to the of its BIOS and/or BIOS RAM operations If this option to RAM both the BIOS and the BIOS. You to or both however, that its RAM of these areas. SETUP
The option choose what to the RAM RAM options Select If You to both and BIOS RAM BIOS You to BIOS RAM BIOS You to BIOS RAM You to RAM the (Security) The SETUP or optional to who The following the options. Security options Select If You to Access You to to the SETUP Access You to to the Including the SETUP If Access, the only when the SETUP If Access, the both the SETUP and whenever the the operating SETUP
Follow these to to the security option. or to Access or Access; then the following the of the the to type the the displays each Then this each type. If the type the match the first the the SETUP to the If the when the the or If to of the follow the as to the type the to SETUP Confirm
If to to the Security option and or the Disabledoption. Whenever or the SETUP the as the the Drive(s) The SETUP the type of The the factory the type of should this purchase ActionNote with capacity. only the ActionNote incompatible C options as follows: (85MB) (120MB) another ActionNote choose the type that matches with higher to own type; the section. SETUP
If the its match of the SETUP, type. Follow these With the the or Press to the the the these or to through the options. or type options Heading CYLS The of the HEADS The of read/write heads the SECTORS The of sectors the PRECOMP LANDZONE Press each the the SETUP typed. SETUP the based the other SETUP The The (the which the the heads)
Checking Memory with 2MB, 4MB, or 8MB of memory. MS-DOS and that MS-DOS the first 640KB of memory. You the memory 1MB as or expanded memory. Expanded memory conforming to the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory (LIM EMS). with of the LIM EMS. The memory of the SETUP STATUS displays the memory as as the amount of memory contained each of the following: memory Expanded memory Other memory. Chapter information memory. Basememory memory KB and 1MB SETUP
the Booting The booting the which the the when the operating A, each the first (the operating and the operating from that If operating the the operating from C. This the to the from A. If C A, the the operating from C. If the operating C, the A. This allows the to the operating the Warning built-in function to should software with If the warning option the displays warning when attempting to write to the sector or the You to to allow (such as the MS-DOS FORMAT command) to write to the sector or to to that shouldnt writing to the sector. SETUP
If operating writes to the sector as this the warning Therefore, initially the This to to the operating Once this option to of the the High or The factory to High where memory If the to this option to High everything that the performance of high CPU software You to this option to to SETUP
the The options the POWER MANAGEMENT SETUP allow to timeout to Each the following POWER MANAGEMENT SETUP Option Function or the function If the counters HDD timeout or timeout the If and the the specified of the timeout or timeout the and the the specified of the Highlight the option to and the or repeatedly to what timeout then to selection. If the the amount of the the or the to To activity, the (You to seconds the reaches operating SETUP
and Exiting SETUP the SETUP choose to the or the without Follow these Press You the following If to to Either the If SETUP the first Procedures, below. You and to SETUP when SETUP If follow the instructions the to SETUP and the You operating the and A. If this follow the instructions operating to the software. PRESS F5 TO SAVE AND EXIT PRESS F1 TO EXIT W/O SAVE SETUP
Procedures If SETUP the first and to the operating operating instructions. operating software to instructions. SETUP
Chapter This chapter of including: memory. of the the the command or the Turning off the the LCD the trackball the PC
of the of these to the and AC and them to heat or cold. To to the LCD top of the closed. using the the covers closed to to the the with the to charge. Occasionally the of the with cloth. Occasionally the LCD cloth; apply the directly to the the Function You security the or the SETUP This allows to or to unauthorized to SETUP The function optional; to You the SETUP to and or Chapter instructions.)
If the each or the this chapter.) The the its If the SETUP the SETUP The the to SETUP. the You with this when the active: the and To the the characters type. If type the the and the the The allows three to correctly. the third incorrect the and the following You to try If to or the function, to the SETUP Chapter instructions. If the
the Although the (SO the international the of both and that using the and the this section.) The the ActionNote with countries. Additionally, MS-DOS to reassign the of to that of another country. MS-DOS information. This section to the following The and The
functions when MS-DOS or These below. functions the to the right and to the the from lower- to back to lowercase when The the top of the and the the of the affected. characters or the top the when with the character lowercase characters when the function the as as other Works with other to Works with other to character or the back of input or command. location. the command or operation.
(Continued) The and as them once to turn the function and to turn off. the function the light the F11 and F12 within The and You these with the and and to and to within Turns the back when Prints the Works as applications. the operation. Terminates the (when with the function and off. the character the
Combinations You the below DOS to the Combinations Function the The allows to characters from the when the function The shown below: and LCD, CRT. and LCD and off.
Press to (and its light) and off. the the character instead of the You the to the alphabetic character the the to the alphabetic character off, the character the Command or You to command or while to or operation. If MS-DOS that to try of the following commands: and and These If to the as below. It to off the to or command. If created and off the
the If necessary, the without turning off of This clears the RAM and and the to to the operating and To the the operating the or A. If MS-DOS, The and and and then the MS-DOS. the memory the function necessary. Also, classify and only when them properly; the If the the to off and back
Turning the turning off the and the the and the lights off, then off the the switch the right of the the off when or such as or
the CPU High or At the higher the You to the however, to copy-protected or that the SETUP, whenever or the To the temporarily, first to (and its light Then, to to to back to and You or the If to the through SETUP. Chapter instructions.
the LCD The ActionNote LCD. You the brightness and with the switches to the these switches to the the brightness switch to increase the background brightness, or to the switch to the the background and foreground, or to
the Trackball The trackball the right of ActionNote built-in to You with software that the trackball to the text or and or choose items. the trackball with and the right The to the of the or right. You the right and while the trackball to around the the the right quickly) to selections or The written two-button information.
to purchase highquality to reliability. the 3.5-inch, 1.44MB, of the following of 720KB, double-sided, (usually 2DD) 1.44MB, double-sided, highdensity 2HD). and To with the facing and the leading the the clicks release
To the the light off; then the release the and properly. or or off the while the light You Also, to off the Write-protecting You write-protect to its from write-protected, and from or If to write-protected To write-protect it the the switch the right the of the clicks To the write protection, the switch the of the the covered.
It to of of that such as operating and Reference then the the from Also, as to to the and regularly. of these You operating instructions. MS-DOS to least (A and B), and displays and accordingly. ActionNote 3.5-inch this A. MS-DOS the as the and to of the and the following command: DISKCOPY A: B: MS-DOS the from (the to its memory and then to the B. At this the (the and to Then MS-DOS the from its memory to the
this to write-protect the write Write-protecting The the factory. It MS-DOS and If to MS-DOS or and the that with instructions. Follow these to from and to the Although the to back of and copying the to the off or the when the light This light that the copying to or from the turning the off, seconds the This allows the the to and the /write heads to the the when the
and the You easily and the This the or To the to the as as ease from the Then the straight of the
To the straight the as as then to the right the incompatible Battery If using the while the the battery, that You reduce the however, with the following timeout the through the SETUP Chapter instructions. the cover or to the when using to turned the cover or the when ready to the Chapter
PC Cards PC credit to the PCMCIA Memory Card International Association) memory, and interface to and II PC such as cards, RAM cards, FLASH memory cards, and LAN cards. If to PC with to the PCREADME.TXT Reference It information PC and CONFIG.SYS To PCREADME.TXT from the DOS follow these the as Chapter A: and type the following command: You text or to this Follow the instructions the to the PC and the the PC to services or services software properly. You to the the that with the information A:TYPE PCREADME.TXT MORE
PC Card Follow these to II PC the the PCMCIA cover the right of the the the as as (A of the from the this to the the release to the notch the top. release
Memory to 8MB of memory. This section the memory to operating information memory memory three types: and The following shows the relationships these of memory and their memory that the location of each of Each memory its of that the operating where to and memory memory that MS-DOS and directly. The of memory to 640KB and the to 640KB. memory memory the 640KB to 1MB. The its performance 128KB of this memory as RAM, and the memory
memory memory with the 1MB to 8MB, and the following: of memory memory of MS-DOS include memory If MS-DOS, and other to of the memory (such as HIMEM.SYS) that with software these memory tested and MS-DOS commands and memory directly. They to expanded memory, which of memory as to RAM 1MB. This type of memory allows MS-DOS to around the 640KB You expanded memory with memory (such as EMM386.EXE), which the to memory as expanded memory. operating such as OS/2 MS-DOS interfaces, such as RAM such as VDISK such as SMARTDRV specially-written MS-DOS
the You ActionNote with the AC or the battery. This chapter to these and to when using the battery. the AC To the battery, the AC whenever to the AC connected, to the and the battery. The AC to countries. It to VAC with of the specifications. Chapter instructions to the AC to the the
the Battery The the when the AC connected. The of the the If bright and the and and shorten the of the charge. The flashing the light when the to of the If the AC and using the Otherwise, and to To increase the amount of the without purchase batteries. supply of allows to and only the with the ActionNote A880632). the Battery Follow these to the the with Complete activity. and the Turn off the the
If the AC connected, Turn the that the facing the to the as as ease from the the of the and straight of the the
the the as as and to the right the battery, the otherwise of unexpectedly. the Battery The that with rechargeable. You to charge the using the first and charge when of To charge the battery, the the AC to the and to The charges the whenever the AC attached. The charging light the AC while the the battery completely charged, the light the
It approximately hours to charge completely when the off. If the while the recharging, to hours. If the charge when the If to them the when This and the off the battery; or the of the without the AC the with ActionNote charge memory. If to recharge the completely, to this supplying that To reduce the memory and the of battery, should completely whenever recharging If the every should completely the least once If that the its charge the of the reaching its the completely; then recharge If this to with battery. battery recharge, please government agency and should or of properly. the
Battery the batterys and approximately to of the light to flash. Immediately the the At this approximately to to If the If to the AC to If AC with follow these Complete activity as as the Turn off the If battery, the Battery off the battery. Removing the when the turned the to and to If another battery, to the AC to Then the Battery the
the The to There three to easy to to the cover. The light the the cover, the light and activity immediately. You to and temporarily activity when to of The light lights and the The to its and to supply to the RAM. (If to the or off.) To activity, the The operation the which If to the timeout options SETUP. these options, the the specified of ready to activity, the the cover. Press Press the to the options SETUP. the
SETUP to Conserve Battery The SETUP includes options that to These options allow to timeout and/or instructions SETUP, chapter the
Connecting Optional Devices This chapter shows to these optional to the turned off or of these This and the to that connected or other memory Connecting Optional Devices
The interfaces the VIDEO, PRINTER, and COM located the back of the To of these the cover the notch the top. The EXT KB the right, to the battery. Connecting The VIDEO allows to or VGA connected, text and graphics both the LCD and the Follow these to both the and the turned off. Connecting Optional Devices
the to the VIDEO the back of the If the screws, them or with screwdriver. the other of the to the already attached. the to grounded (earthed) than the LCD with the AC when Chapter the VGACONF which allows to the characteristics of LCD and/or Connecting Optional Devices
Connecting You the PRINTER to such as the that with to to of its If using to to this You both the Follow these to the location both the and turned off. the connected. the to the PRINTER Connecting Optional Devices
Connecting You the COM to such as or You or Follow these to both the and the off. If the screws, them or with screwdriver. the other of the to the If the interface them they the to grounded (earthed) SETUP as to the option to Connecting Optional
the to the COM If the screws, them. the other of the to the If the to grounded (earthed) the that with to other necessary. Connecting Optional
Checking the The COM of and of and with This to the to match the of the choose the highest and the that the the that with to to of its If directly to the the MS-DOS MODE to redirect the You the to redirect and the MODE commands AUTOEXEC.BAT MS-DOS instructions. the EXT KB You the EXT KB to of including or You the to this and then PS/2 or other The which allow to both and the each as the following Connecting Optional Devices
If using the the back of its to PS/2 Connecting or If text or of to optional or You of these directly to the EXT KB the as shown below. Connecting Optional
If connected to the the the the back of the as shown below. Connecting or Other You PS/2-type or other to the included with Follow these the to the EXT KB Connecting Optional Devices
If to the the to the the back of the as shown below. the to the the Connecting Optional
You to the the that connecting the battery, to the AC to the than the or other with applications, to the software that with the with the instructions. Memory or The sections below to memory to and To the these to the the of the the Access Cover To the cover, follow these the turned off. from the and the back of the the and the with the front facing Connecting Optional Devices
flathead screwdriver the notch top of the cover to release from the Then off and Memory with 2MB of memory directly the board. You increase memory to of 8MB 2MB or 6MB memory If with 2MB memory already and to increase the memory to 8MB, to the 2MB and with 6MB Connecting Optional Devices
Follow these to memory the cover as If there memory to If memory (as shown below) and to to Connecting Optional Devices
Gently the from its the front of the as shown below. Then the memory of the and to the memory straight the with the its with the the board. Connecting Optional Devices
the straight the as shown below. The and they together only them correctly; force them. If the and the cover as reassemble to the SETUP to the amount of memory. as the to SETUP of the memory mismatch. Chapter instructions. If or the memory to the SETUP Connecting Optional Devices
(math) You or 387SX/SL and graphic displays when using software. The easily and to about yourself, Authorized Servicer To the follow these the cover as the the that the round indicating the right Then firmly. Connecting Optional Devices
the cover as the section. The the the the shows that the Access memory or the cover. Follow these Turn the with the front facing the as shown below. Gently Turn the right Connecting Optional Devices
Chapter the VGA The Reference included with VGA graphics and built-in VGA This chapter to and these and You to these only to VGA or SVGA LCD which VGA of with of software of with of the VGA and the software. These software to with and that the of The VGA allow to the graphic and The ActionNotes built-in VGA with IBM VGA. This allows to the with VGA monitors, other of VGA and that input. The and this chapter with of these monitors. the VGA
VGA to and to the to properly with this the each supported. The following the which high VGA as as the or graphics and each the Supported Application Microsoft WordPerfect, These and MS-DOS. If another operating the that with information about the VGA If both the LCD and the to of of what loaded. (This the LCD only.) To of displaying the only. You where the VGACONF this chapter. the VGA text
The text operations of To the follow these Select to and the directory that the INSTALL the Reference (the Copy the from the Reference to this directory. At the type the following and COPY A:\LOTUS\L100X60.DRV INSTALL and to the From the Advanced options and Then to the finishes to the library, and Select Text to the and the following and text VGA the VGA
At the At the that this to include the The assigned the 123.SET. the To with the include the of the when the 100X60.SET, would type the following and Microsoft The Microsoft of with though this to with with the the the To the follow these the directory At the type SETUP and At the information and the VGA 100X60
From the Other and The to A. the Reference the WIN3 as the and The displays of and their associated Select the and the Reference from A. Complete the WordPerfect, The WordPerfect high text and graphics. WordPerfect allows text and graphics to to both of these Follows these the Reference the the WordPerfect directory This directory normally WP51. Copy the WordPerfect from the Reference to this directory. At the type the following VGA and COPY A:\WP\CIRRUS.VRS the VGA
the VGA appears the and choose SELECT. The displays of the the text Select the Press to selection and text and the and graphics functions of WordPerfect. the VGACONF The Reference includes VGACONF, which located the UTILS directory. This allows to graphic You to this to directory that directory the Follow these to VGACONF: the directory that the VGACONF.EXE This A:TILS or directory the VGA WordPerfect. the Select If the text Text If the forgraphics Graphics
VGACONF and You this to highlight the selection o The option displays the VGACONF to text and graphics Expanded to type to Font inhibited height RGB to to Press to to the MAIN MENU options Select option Select option and to DOS and Then the section below. to the VGA
Select Option Select Option allows to the You this Highlight the option to and You of the selections. or to highlight the and to to the SELECT OPTION options CRT, or CRT to VGA connected to the VIDEO to both the LCD and VGA to the LCD The following shows the each option. the VGA
VGACONF options and allows to timeout the LCD the option to PANEL. this Select to timeout or Normal to these Option CRT, CRT, CRT, Cursor Time-out activity or (M)emory (K/M) the VGA
the of to and Then or to the type of activity. If K, the LCD there activity the specified of If the LCD memory the specified of Press to initiate the The initiated the VGACONF exactly the as You the the Select to the VGACONF and to the operating VGACONF from the Command To or VGA initiate VGACONF from the with option At the the VGACONF the following of the options or of the option the following If or the options with the VGA VGACONF
VGACONF or -H the Option -S information -N to memory to ETDG text and graphics NOREVERSE and graphics REVERSE text and graphics DTEG text and graphics BOLD NOBOLD ATTREMUL NOATTREMUL BKGND background FRGND foreground BKFRGND background and EXPAND NOEXPAND CENTER the the TOP the the top of the BOTTOM the the of the PANEL Switch the to the LCD CRT Switch to the CRT the LCD and the CRT SIMUL operations Force operations N0 the VGA
VGACONF Option INHFONT when switching NOI FULLHGT NOFULLHGT Select W259 W529 Select RGB W295 W592 W925 W952 Select RGB You of the VGACONF options the first three characters of the option The following to the VGACONF with the options the VGA Allow when switching Select height Select RGB weighting Select RGB Select RGB weighting Select RGB VGACONF SIMUL VGACONF SIM VGACONF PANEL NOATTREMUL NOBOLD NOEXPAND VGACONF PAN NOA NOB NOE VGACONF VGACONF -M=4
Troubleshooting If while using to this It the following The Battery AC The LCD The The Software PC or Memory Troubleshooting A-1
CMOS If the the the below to and of displays. Then Authorized Servicer or the technical ready to the of its ROM BIOS its (including the of and and the and of software You the the of the If to follow these to information about as as the of BIOS and MS-DOS: Turn or to the its displays the of BIOS as of the copyright information. the information about shown the screen that the the MS-DOS appears, type VER and to the MS-DOS A-2 Troubleshooting
built-in memory (ROM) of which every turn These such as ROM, RAM, the the and the the RAM, the amount of memory currently If the displays the the and to the who when the If the serious, the further and The the and the If this Authorized Servicer as as to this information and the The Wont If when the the following: the light. If the and should follow the The LCD this If the light to Press the to off the If using the and If the AC and then Then the If the the caused the Battery or AC below. Troubleshooting A-3
Battery If the from the battery, follow the this section to the to Chapter information the battery.) the light. If the and to recharge Chapter instructions. If think the properly. and to the instructions Chapter If that the the with the If battery, to recharge the the If the AC with to the to recharging the battery. (The light the AC to You the while the recharged. If the and the properly, the charged. the AC to recharge this reaches its capacity. If the light the AC to the and the Turn the and using the AC If the using the AC to with If the with the AC AC below. A-4 Troubleshooting
If (three months or to recharge If that the its charge and reaching the of its life. You to with battery. AC If the properly when the AC connected, the light the If the AC and supplying to the If follow these to the from the and off the Disconnect the AC and then Then the back If the light off, to the the AC securely connected to the and that the properly connected to both the AC and If the then the outlet to supplying the and If the outlet and the there something with only the AC AP-006) with the Troubleshooting A-5
The LCD If the appears the LCD follow these to the the and to the To timeout the the SETUP This off the specified of with input. Press the to this the information about the options.) The Press the to activity. If connected to and should information both the Press to both the LCD only, or the only. If using the VGACONF selected the CRT or VGACONF Chapter A-6 Troubleshooting
The If using and appears its follow these to the the switches the and the turned the brightness and of the If LCD information, the Press to both the LCD only, or the only. VGACONF Chapter from the and off the and the that the securely connected to the and to the properly to both the and the Then turn both switches back If the off both the and the Then the outlet the and to the outlet If the outlet and appear when the Authorized Servicer. Troubleshooting A-7
The If the and to the following: to the really operations than others to spreadsheet to spreadsheet than to Also, to The suspended. Press the to activity. You to activity the operation. If the reasonable amount of If to off the seconds, and back If the SETUP the selected SETUP: whenever or the or whenever the SETUP If the following: If type the nothing type and If type three the A-8 Troubleshooting Press to the and try or
If the to Chapter instructions. If the If follow these to the the properly the the from the and with the facing If think the connected properly or the to the the following using the right type of The 3.5-inch 720KB or 1.44MB the write-protected? If to to write-protected. If the write-protect switch first the to or Then the switch to the write protection. Ordinarily, to write-protected, properly using write-protected the operating instructions. Troubleshooting A-9
the of the and the operation that caused the If the using the the and the formatting to the operating properly. If the following section. If with the following: the connected properly? from the and off the the the EXT KB and PRINTER and that the screws to the instructions. the Other with to the SETUP as Chapter to the option to 1.44MB, If the to as should, operation with another computers to The with the A-10 Troubleshooting If to the the using the MS-DOS COPY command to
If the or the immediately. If the Authorized Servicer. If with the following: the light. If commands (such as COPY) to the the light should when the the If the light there with the Authorized Servicer this If timeout the the SETUP and the about seconds to back to when the correctly the operating the instructions operating the correctly. Chapter instructions and the If the Authorized Servicer. Troubleshooting A-11
Software If with the following If the that following the the and that correctly. If the directory the or specifying the directory. If the the High or While properly the the software to this the and the CPU necessary. the CPU instructions. If MS-DOS that to there commands to MS-DOS to what These the to the If when type the Press to the If the off seconds, and then back Then A-12 Troubleshooting and and
If of these software the software technical You following the instructions to that the and correctly connected to the Chapter instructions (The instructions If connected to the PRINTER the option SETUP to If or feeding the the DIP switch If MS-DOS, to to whether to the MODE the MS-DOS to match the PC Card If PC the PC and the follow these to the the the right type The ActionNote and II that to PCMCIA the PC properly the Press the release to the then indicating which the correctly, the PC light Chapter instructions. Troubleshooting A-13
the formatted? PC them. the that with the instructions. the PC from Reference the PCREADME.TXT Reference instructions. services software or services software that with the the included with instructions. If of these PC the or the or If or other PS/2 and properly, these A-14 Troubleshooting the or connected properly? connected to the as chapter and them memory? the that with instructions. SETUP to the built-in trackball? Chapter instructions. If the that with the troubleshooting information or the
the connected to the You to the EXT KB the the or the the back of the Chapter instructions. If think there something with the the from whom purchased or the Memory If memory to and that memory operating properly, the following: the SETUP the amount of memory. Chapter instructions. the memory correctly? Memory Chapter the memory properly CONFIG.SYS Memory Chapter and operating information. Troubleshooting A-15
If to operating properly, the that with troubleshooting information and Authorized Servicer or the the CMOS Battery The clock the of CMOS RAM when the off. This should than to this batterys exhausted, to the following: Authorized Servicer to or the information. A-16 Troubleshooting CMOS
Specifications This the specifications. It includes the international Unit CPU memory ROM BIOS RAM RAM Clock/ 486SLC (and clock 2MB of DRAM board, to 4MB or 8MB using memory the first 640KB memory and 128KB RAM; the as or memory 128KB ROM (includes BIOS, VGA BIOS, and the SETUP 256KB, memory board; 256KB of and VGA BIOS, 128KB E0000 to FFFFF) clock, and CMOS RAM backed built-in clock (DS optional or 387SX/SL Specifications B-1
3.5-inch, 1.44MB 1.44MB and 720KB internal GD6410B VGA with CGA and EGA; LCD with of with and with to LCD and CRT operation PCMCIA ISA internal Interfaces VGA VGA or SVGA RS-232C, asynchronous, B-2 Specifications DB86082 PCMCIA II and II memory and I/O
or AC Trackball One 2-inch Optional 3.5-inch 1.44MB and 720KB VGA LCD PS/2-type or directly, DC input AC two-button trackball (US) and and inverted of high-contrast, two-film; paper-white, cooled cathode (CCFT); and power-saving brightness and ratio Specifications B-3
AC +12VDC (to (to 2.4A AC with international input, Battery and rechargeable, internal 1.7AH, 16.3W; typical the ActionNote AC AP-006) and A880632). Physical Height (with and B-4 Specifications
to C to F) Non-operating: to C to F) Acoustical to to to to the as carry-on to from to (non-condensing) Non-operating: to (non-condensing) Specifications B-5
Source AC type AC type B-6 Specifications North America ANSI C73.11 NEMA 5-15-P 125V.10A IEC 24OV. 10A to 16A UK 24OV. 10A 24OV. 10A North America 24OV. 15A Reference Reference CEE IEC IEC HD BS BS 1363A IEC IEC HD EN ASTA ASC112 IEC HD ANSI C73.20 NEMA 6-15-P IEC UL UL/CSA SJT 18/3AWG. or 16/3AWG or <HAR> 3OOV. 10A or 13A <HAR> 300V.10A <HAR> 300V. 10A <HAR> 3OOV. 10A UL/CSA SJT 18/3AWG 3OOV. 10A
387SX/SL CMOS integrated to the and of mathematical and graphics displays. The to or 387SX/SL 486SLC CMOS the (CPU) of AC The that AC from outlet the DC to The AC charges the while the or that the location of each of information the memory. ASCII American Information text characters, such as numbers, and ASCII character of computers, and ASCII AUTOEXEC.BAT batch that MS-DOS each or the Batch
Backlighting (or The internal of the LCD LCD that to without of light. Batch type of that allows to of MS-DOS commands command. Batch text with the batch each type the MS-DOS each command the AUTOEXEC.BAT of Usually to second. BIOS ROM that the input/output of the operating the SETUP the ROM BIOS. Chip of (formally known as integrated of include memory and the Clock CPU CMOS Complementary type of integrated
CMOS RAM type of memory that records information about ordinary RAM, CMOS RAM backed battery and when turn off the Command The characters the operating displays to and ready to instructions. The MS-DOS usually displays the and directory with greater-than (A or C CONFIG.SYS that MS-DOS each or the You this to and buffers, and specifying MS-DOS commands to The of the or attached to might include and PC holding and another the that instructs the to function. of that the operation of the or optional integrated that the CPU 387SX/SL.
Copy-protected type of that copied. copy-protected to the the while them. the to instead of high CPU Processing Unit. The integrated instructions, and input and operations. CPU The which the CPU commands. (High) or the CPU MHZ. clock or operating Cursor The highlighted that shows the and as and or that when or the Also, the to that the of that of and such as or
The and procedures the to its internal and its DIP switch switch. switch of such as that function. Directory of of or and of coated with and to The physical that the to from and write to 3.5-inch type of 3.5-inch, of 720KB. that of the of include expanded memory VGA and
FDD of related of information records or together Text of and of which to instructions. the to functions the the and and the Format To (or that information. and sectors and locations The of the memory that the of The VGA the ActionNote Scan the LCD and Graphics and other non-alphanumeric
sealed to amounts of HDD High-density type of 3.5-inch, high-density of 1.44MB. (I/O) Chip. Interface or software to or KB to memory or One bytes. LCD thin, containing thousands of that turned and off individually Used as the computers. LIM EMS Lot-us/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification that to than 640KB of memory.
memory The amount of memory the below 1MB that to operating and programs-usually 640KB. or memory. Math MB to memory or One or 1024KB. Memory The where the Memory (ROM) or temporary (RAM). ROM and RAM. Memory optional that 2MB or 6MB of memory to Memory-resident that RAM while another to the of clock. One second. CPU such as the 486SLC. CPU.
that allows the to and the telephone PCMCIA II cards. MS-DOS operating Microsoft. The type of The the CPU of MS-DOS) that the of The operating the and input and MS-DOS. of of which the that each character the which
to that the to the (such as what to or what to the the the to the FORMAT A. The to operating Also, to Pathname The of MS-DOS search through to the CONTRACT.TXT the BUSINESS subdirectory \BUSINESS\CONTRACT.TXT. PC These credit products PC platforms. PC such as or as LAN includes PCMCIA PC which or II to thick). PCMCIA. PCMCIA Memory Card International Association. This the technical of interchangeability PC of and other products. Cards the PCMCIA freely PC Text input/output to which peripheral
of testing the each that instructions the what to and to Prompt the that information or the action to Command RAM Access Memory. The of the memory that and temporarily while RAM temporarily while the when off the You to or ROM To from to another. when text the reads the from the and displays the Read/write head The physical that reads and records the of clock battery-powered clock the that of the and when the off.
To operating or operating information RAM. ROM Memory. The of the memory that instructions and RAM, ROM its off the RAM. ROM BIOS BIOS. directory The top-level MS-DOS directory or The directory backslash other of the directory, or of other RS-232C interface. that RS-232C to of of which the that each character sequentially. SETUP The to the and options of RAM The function that the ROM RAM to processing.
Subdirectory directory that branches from another directory or from the directory. The power-saving specified the SETUP Switch option to that the the Switches usually the /S switch to the FORMAT command, MS-DOS the operating as containing of the operating Timeout amount of the SETUP or VGACONF the or the specified amount of the type of to allow to and VGA Graphics type of high-resolution VGA to the LCD and VGA the or when timeout
To To from write-protected, change, or its