EPSON This and EL 486UC
This tested and found to with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to and reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS WARNING FOR CANADIAN USERS
America or warranties, or implied, or with to this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of information from the of the information contained this publication and to without of Corporation. Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright America, Inc. California, USA IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning; or cleaners. of the the or and the and the back or or cover these the or or heat the the type of indicated its If to the Germany, the following To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected Computers to properly grounded (earthed) outlets. If to the to outlets the as photocopiers or that switch and off. allow the to become or
If with the the of the of the the the rating the cord. Also, the of products the of this through the as specifically this to service the yourself. servicing to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or B. If the C. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions. of other and often to the to operation. D. If the or the E. If the performance.
Instructions instructions conserver tous instructions toute chariot, type protection On brancher tout fiche services marche-arrt.
branches branches reparation On service service service A. B. C. refuse instructions. instructions Tout tout service. D. E. performance.
Introduction EL 486UC fast, high-performance, offering and expandability It the following features: 486SX, to 486SX/33, 486DX/33,486DX2/50, or 486DX2/66 4MB of internal memory, to 32MB and BIOS RAM 8KB of internal and 32KB or 128KB of cache 512KB of on-board memory, to 1MB VGA built-in built-in and built-in PS/2 Three and half-length ISA option to three security. the built-in interfaces, of peripheral directly to the to option cards. You the option to with such as or interface Introduction
The RAM the and BIOS the RAM of memory. With 512KB of RAM, the VGA to and to or or non-interlaced). With 1MB of memory, the to to VGA with VGA and with the integrated VGA interface. With these of the VGA such as high and text when Chapter Optional You easily of as and You with these 486SX/33 486DX/33 486DX2/50 486DX2/66. Introduction
Math You math when with 486DX the built the 486DX Memory 1MB, 4MB, 8MB, and 16MB memory to the board, the memory to 32MB. memory to 1MB and cache memory of 32KB or 128KB. to three internal including or CD-ROM expand, to This This the information to the from You to everything this the following summary. Chapter instructions and peripheral such as the and It the SETUP to Introduction
Chapter covers operating such as the the and the Chapter to and the cover, and optional such as option cards, and memory Chapter to and Chapter to VGA Chapter troubleshooting the specifications of the operating that tested and options from At the of this and of international locations. Where to If purchased the United States, please or the location and service. International locations the back of this If purchased the United States, the following services through Direct and the Technical with the installation, and of products Introduction On-site Servicer
Assistance locating Authorized or Service of ribbons, and of and through Direct Customer Relations technical information service-also directly the Product with technical specifications and products locations. If with software the that with technical Direct: Introduction
This chapter to It includes the following information: Connecting the the SETUP Started Follow the instructions below choosing location and Choosing Location ready to choose location that the following: and attract electricity, which the and Select cool, and from and sunlight or other of heat.
inches of around the freely. interference. too to such as telephone or which field. with the cords the these items: includes and with the operating and software already If purchased optional that wasnt the factory-such as option cards, memory or should these options and instructions.
Connecting the the below to the the back of as the and other Connecting To the the arrow the the K/B. Connecting with that to of the built-in To the the of the and COM2.
the the to which connected the README the that with information. Connecting The to the the type of If VGA (or with to the built-in VGA as below. If connecting to Chapter top of or the Turn the and around the facing There should with the (to to the and the (to to the On monitors, the permanently attached to the If attached the to the the and with the VGA the Then the the If the screws, tighten them. the the To the to the when
the other of the grounded or the outlet the back of the the the back of the Connecting or Other and To or other peripheral follow the instructions below. the Follow these to to the to the that the facing the of the with the PARALLEL and If the screws, them. the other of the to the To the the each of the and them the grounded
the If or with interface, to of the the back of the with DB-9P To the of the COM1 and COM2. If connecting the COM1 Connecting the Cord Follow these to the cord: the the the back the other of the grounded Warning To shock, to the the the
Turning On the ready to the the below to the of turn the following to or yourself: or peripheral (including the or or when the turn off or while light This the least seconds off the This to the circuitry. the of
Follow these to Turn around the front and other If there protective the follow the instructions the section to using the SETUP Turn the and other connected to the Turn the the the right of the front The lights then the count of the memory. The its which of that everything correctly. If necessary, the to the brightness and easily the characters the If to (such as Microsoft or the first or of that If the operating such as c:\>orA:\>. If there operating the once the operating this
the SETUP You to the SETUP the first If to the and If to You to the SETUP the ROM BIOS (read-only memory, input/output SETUP or the following: and of and memory of options booting cache and memory options. The information of memory CMOS RAM. This memory backed battery, when off or the
Starting the SETUP You SETUP whenever the operating such C:\> or A:\> To SETUP, Ctrl and then S. Also, whenever the the following Press the to F2 to the If this F2 to the SETUP to The below the to SETUP operations.
Whenever the SETUP the of the screen the to Information The SETUP information that the following: type type 486DX memory BIOS and Option ROM option cards). To this information, F2 from of the SETUP the and The clock continuously the and when the turned off. Once the and options SETUP, should to them, the or other seasonal (The the years.) to the to the to change. Then or the
the Drive(s) On the 3.5-inch high-density the You another of or capacity; this B. the both and them necessary. If and to reassign the top as A, J35, J36, J37, and J38, as Chapter Then SETUP to reassign types. the Drive(s) The SETUP the type of Follow these If Not and If with to type. information, type If another type of to the type that matches
The below this and to the type If of the matches
type If the its match of the the type. Follow these to or and or type or Press to the to the field. the The that with the information. to the to the field and type the If the information the following to type. slightly than If of these the BIOS ROM to or Cacheable.
Checking Memory with 4MB of RAM SIMM. DOS and that DOS the first 640KB of memory. You the memory 1MB as memory. the BIOS the type of RAM and the memory automatically. You the memory the Memory and Memory this SETUP You to these optional memory instance, memory option that the BIOS when the these to memory. memory, including the memory, the The Card option the type of If connected to the built-in VGA EGA/VGA. If optional follow the below to the type.
type options options the SETUP allow to the option and the option. this the option the SETUP The option the of the function when or off, the If the numbers. Select YES to the function when the
the The CPU option the to or At operates its or the of At the the operates to with the The SETUP or optional to to To the to the option the SETUP and the the to This to characters. the the option. To the to the option and You this and You Not the option. the The option the which the the when the operating If C A:, each turn the to the operating from C. If C operating the the operating from A. If A: C the to the operating from first. If operating the to from C.
If cache the option to Enabled.You and BIOS options to Cacheable or ROM RAM than ROM. BIOS ROM and ROM, allow to the of its and/or ROM RAM or cache, (Cacheable). or the cache, operations You Memory when enablethe ROM and the BIOS ROM Memory The Memory option allows to 384KB of memory to the top of DRAM. You this option both the ROM and the BIOS ROM options or of the 16K options that memory that with D.
Other options allowing to 16KB the memory the You to or of these options using option that ROM. these the memory the to RAM or cache the that with option to which option access. You to switches or option If the Memory option, the four of these options they the memory Exiting the SETUP the SETUP and or SETUP without You to the factory To the SETUP SC from SETUP From the SETUP these to the following F4 F5 the factory SETUP options F6 the SETUP and to the without to the SETUP the to and
Procedures SETUP the first to the operating operating instructions. Once operating software to instructions. You to the optional of Chapter information. Turning the Whenever off follow these and the light and the light(s) to they off the light the or from the Press the to turn off the and then off the and other peripheral
Chapter This chapter the following operations: and command or the the the and Removing To 3.5-inch the with the facing and the leading the as shown the following the the clicks
To 5.25-inch the with the facing and the read/write leading the to the the light off; then the release or the latch. the and properly. or or off the while light You Also, off the Command or You to or while it If DOS or command that to of the following: Press If these to the as below. off the to or to, the Ctrl and C Ctrl and
the Occasionally, to clear the or its memory without turning off. You this the and the to to operating and However, memory that only necessary. the to classify and when them. If the without properly exiting the the operating the or A; the operating A. If DOS, Ctrl and and You the RESET located the front of the to the RESET The displays nothing and then the should the operating If the the to off and from the Turn off the and seconds. If the operating A. Then the
If when the SETUP every or the Follow these to If operating A. Turn or the You this You each character type. Then type the correctly and the OK The the operating and displays the If the the first type If the the third try, the to unauthorized access. If Chapter PASSWORD PLEASE:
the (the of or The to with operating the TURBO light the front the operating the light off. You should everything and the software to this the copy-protected the to while the These usually to disk-the that the protection-in the If copy-protected the to to the and to when finished. You the temporarily of the following commands from the To the Ctrl and the and then the the The light off. To the Ctrl and and the The light
You the commands while the of these commands another function, to the You however, the through the SETUP The the following: Turn off the with another the the SETUP
and You the performance of optional such as or cache memory option cards, or This chapter first to cover to options and to the cover when finished. It then the following: Locating the internal the and memory and option and the option memory cache Once option, Post-installation Procedures and
the You to the cover to of the options this chapter or to or (as Chapter Follow these to the cover: Turn off the and then peripheral (including the and Disconnect the from the outlet and from the back that connected to the including the If the top of the off and to Turn the around the back facing the three screws the back and
the of the and straight as shown below: the cover Ground to the touching the of the back when and
the ready to the cover, follow these the properly. those that might of the they catch the cover. the front of the cover the front and the chassis of the and straight the the three screws. the to the and other peripheral Then the to the back of the and to and Removing
Locating the follow the instructions this chapter, to the below to the and Removing
the The board of that These the factory to the below to the the board. and
the information the following to necessary. If this to MONO the Card option SETUP. and Removing
assignment type J42. If J42 off, write to RAM. and Removing
the If to follow these to the to the If there option to them to the where the the the following to the and To the the You traced the board and
option instructions. Memory with 4MB of memory SIMM. increase the amount of memory to 32MB. There SIMM the board, and each memory You 4MB, 8MB, and 16MB The following shows the SIMM memory other SIMM and Removing To from to the other, or to off its and to the to the or the board.
the following to that they properly: tin-plated, that of or the the the SIMM to the amount of memory the Follow these to to the to the SIMM the front of the board. option cards that to the SIMM instructions.) and Removing
the SIMM the SIMM as shown below. The the SIMM should the supply. the SIMM the seated the Then upright, as shown the each of the SIMM the each of the SIMM If smoothly, force the and try option instructions.) and
If to from (to ones, follow the below: option that to the SIMM instructions.) or screwdriver to the that the SIMM each as shown below. the the SIMM to the from the If necessary, follow the to the other SIMM. and Removing
If follow the instructions to option as below, Option Card This s&ion to option three and half-length to of option cards. Usually which option as as the fits the the the option the supply option the Then the option that option that supported. option to the board. SCSI to J25 to the IDE information to the below and follow these to option If option to If the supply, to the supply the cover. and
the screws the supply to the back of the and the third screw holding the supply to the of the as shown below. to of the the supply of the the screw the option cover to the as shown below. the screw to the option to the and Removing
the cover and the option Unpack the option and switches or necessary. the option instructions.) the to of the the or the If to top of its with the facing the the the the top corners and the as shown below. (If the front of the the the front and
Once the reach the the to You should the If smoothly, force the the and try the of the to the with the screw. Removing Option Card You to option to the board-to You to to the option and follow these the screw the option to the Then the straight of the the with the facing Removing the Option Card Connector You to the option to the board. Follow these option from the board the section and
the screws the option board to the back of the as shown below. the board straight and of its and the Option Card Connector If the option board, follow these to to the option and
the board its and straight the as shown below. the board to the back of the with its screws. option Memory with 512KB of memory. You increase memory to 1MB four DRAM, or DIP chips. This graphics-intensive or to and Removing
the memory to properly, the following (each memory memory the memory the board, shown to the board, memory this the to the chips. the each of three and the If there option instructions. the memory from their and inspect each The should slightly than and Removing To electricity and the memory chips, ground touching the the of the back Then as stationary as while them.
If of the straighten them with or with to them with the other when this; the and off easily. of the memory chips the first as shown below, the the with the the the notch the of the with notch the Gently the the (to correctly If the with or flat-head screwdriver and the properly positioned, both of the to well-seated. through each of the chips. option instructions. displays the memory its memory and Removing
You 32KB or 128KB of cache DRAM, or DIP to 32KB or DIP to 128KB of cache the cache the board, shown If there option instructions. the cache from their and inspect them. The should slightly than and To electricity and the chips, ground touching the the of the back Then as stationary as while them. If of the straighten them with or with to them with the other when this; the and off easily.
of the cache the first as shown below, the the with the the the notch the of the with the notch the Gently the the (to correctly If the with or flat-head screwdriver and try the properly positioned, both of the to well-seated. through each of the chips. J7, J13, and J14, as to to the amount of cache option instructions. and Removing
SETUP to the option and that the BIOS ROM and ROM options to Cacheable or as SETUP the displays the amount of cache the the You the with You purchase from or the separately. The following the to the the below to the to to Then the the instructions those and
and Removing
the Chip to existing the option board. to to the option board, then follow these to the the to the the board. If the the and the and ground touching the the of the back the Then as stationary as while the the the the of its You screwdriver instead of the of the screwdriver the and the Gently the screwdriver the to from the the screwdriver to another of the and turn the from the this the straight from the 486SX/25 that seated the or screw the to the board.
Gently the straight and the from its and inspect the If they the the the the notched of the with with the as shown below. notch the the the the directly the the Then the straight the the to to heat the or the Then follow the instructions. and Removing
If the option board, instructions Then option Heat If 486DX2/50 or 486DX2/66 EG&G heat (669-52AB) the Follow the instructions to the Then follow these to the heat the heat top of the the that with the heat the notches the heat as shown below. the of the the they the heat to the You to flat-head screwdriver to this. and Removing heat
the If 486SX/33, 486DX/33, or 486DX2/66 the existing with (EC1100). Follow these to the existing and with the the to the the board. or to the the to the board, then the wrap. the straight and the from its to the the the with with the traced the board the of the containing and Removing
Gently the the the to the board (If the separately.) Post-installation Procedures or options such as memory or SETUP to the Chapter instructions. Additionally, to commands to operating and the that with optional and Removing
Chapter and Removing This chapter to and optional You these instructions to of including or CD-ROM Although from the illustrated should to the to three You the the the right or CD-ROM To or first the as Chapter Then follow the instructions this chapter to and the Removing from the internal the Removing from the Reconnecting and to the the Post-installation If or of the this chapter apply; the that with information. and
the already the internal If high inch this the following Removing the mounting from the necessary) Connecting the the the mounting the the mounting to the the Also, to know the of heads, sectors, to the type the SETUP the that with this information. to option that to the Once the option Chapter instructions. and
the Mounting If there mounting attached to to them the Follow these On there and grounding attached to of the mounting If the screws them to the mounting and the and Then the screws each mounting to the and the Connecting the To the to the to the and supply mounting and
The attached to board. You to instance, to that this Connecting the to the board, below, instructions reconnecting the to the board. instructions the and to the You should both the and the supply to the with the mounting You to them once the Connecting the to the board If to the to the board, follow the below. (If the already attached to the board, Connecting the and to the the with each and the and
the the board. of the that the with of the the board. There the board to the the the the then the If correctly the with the when the and Removing
Connecting the and to the Follow the below to the and supply to the the free the of the the If the the the board, as shown below. There or the to the of the containing the the that the with the the the the then the and
of the that from the supply. (They wires and the the supply that its notched corners with the notched corners of the supply the the the and then the If the correctly, when If correctly the with the severely when the and
the Below the Mounting Bracket If below the mounting to the below and follow these the screw the mounting to the of the as shown below. the mounting the as shown the clear the the mounting of the and and Removing
the that the the and the four the of the the four as shown below. Gently the the the resting the from to the mounting the that the the mounting the the of the and
the the of the as shown below, the the the mounting with screw each as shown the On the Mounting Bracket You top of the mounting rather than to the of the mounting and the below while following these the screw the mounting to the of the and the mounting the the clear the the and Removing
the mounting of the Turn the and the four mounting the the the the the with the the the to the with four screws. and Removing
Turn the and the mounting then the the mounting the the of the the the the mounting with the screws. and If the within the internal the mounting the supply and only of the the mounting with the the
From the To the outlined Then the and the supply from the back of the the the and them straight the the the screws to the mounting to the of the the with 3.5-inch the You CD-ROM, or the If with 5.25-inch using the that with If this purchase the to both to the the the cover. Once the the cover, following the instructions and Removing
Follow these to the the from the the through the the and the as shown below. the or mounting from the instructions. and Removing
the the with the front of the the the of the with the mounting the Then both of the to the using the screws. and
Connecting the and To the to the to both the and supply Follow the below. If the (The the of the already connected to the board.) If or with card-edge of the connected to the the other the to the to the board. the (the with the the as shown below. and
If the the and the to the Also, this the the both to which the and which the the that with instructions. of the supply that from the supply. (They wires and the the notched corners of the supply with the notched corners of the supply (such as the shown below). the the and then the If the correctly, when them and
If the B; the A. to reassign the as A, J35 through J38. instructions. Removing from the To from the follow these both the and the from the the screws the the and to the front of the then of the Once the the of the then the other You hear Reconnecting the and to the the If reason to the and from the mounted the to the below while follow these to the the the and Removing
the and the that the as shown below. the supply with the This attached to the rather than the supply. the supply that the the The the with the the board of the If the correctly, when and
Post-installation Procedures or and the cover to the SETUP to the newly-installed instructions. and
Chapter The included with VGA graphics and built-in VGA This chapter to and these and built-in VGA with IBM VGA. The and this chapter with VGA or that input. VGA to and to the or to properly with this to the to or to of these when using Enhanced graphic and text and to text text and and text with and with 512KB of memory the board. You the memory to 1MB memory chips, allowing to higher Chapter instructions.
This chapter these applications: VGA and applications. If to these or the README These what and the VGA If listed, the software the The information this alphabetically or operating To to the or of the VGA to with of software. the with the of software or and Microsoft Microsoft Word, WordPerfect,
or If or Symphony, follow the instructions to Then follow these to the A. A: and to A. Copy the from the to the or directory If to the C:\LOTUS directory, type the following and If to the C:\SYMPHONY directory, type the following and directory. INSTALL and to the From the Advanced options and Thenselect to and the finishes to the library, and SET123 C:\LOTUS SETSYMPH C:\SYMPHONY
Select Text to the or to the graphics Graphics Then Select the TVGA to from the and Select to and At the At the type the to the and the or type or SYMPHONY, the of the to and then Microsoft If follow the instructions to with the VGA Then follow these instructions to the directory. SETUP and At the Information and From the Other and
the A. the following and Select the to Follow the instructions the to SETUP. Microsoft Word If Word follow the instructions Word to Then follow these instructions to the Word directory. the SCREEN.VID to the SCREEN.OLD. the A. Copy the SCREEN.VID from the to Word directory. the following and to the Word Press SC to command. Press to Option command. A:\WIN COPY A:\WORD\SCREEN.VID
Press F1 to the Press to Choose the to Word the selected. If follow the instructions the to Then follow these to the VGA directory. the A. the following and to the to directory: to the to the Select VGA. Select the text to C A:\QPRO\VIDEO.RSC
the selected. WordPerfect If WordPerfect follow the instructions WordPerfect to Then follow the instructions below to the the WordPerfect directory the A. Copy the text and graphics from the to WordPerfect directory WordPerfect Press F1 to the Select Select Graphics Choose TVGA. Select of the graphics Choose from and OW Text Screen Choose Select the text COPY A:\WP51\*.VRS
to selection and text as as the and graphics of WordPerfect.
Chapter Troubleshooting If as and to this chapter. You repeating software or the The troubleshooting this chapter such as The Within each category, with If the the service or Direct. technical ready to the of its BIOS its (including the type of and option and the and of software Troubleshooting
these to information about BIOS BIOS DOS Software Troubleshooting the back of the to the the BIOS displayed the when SETUP and the Information to the BIOS SETUP and both SETUP to At the DOS type VER and to the DOS About from the software displays the Also,
The The light the operating and the If off the least seconds turning back This to the The and the light the securely connected to both the AC the back and The connected, the the Turn off and the cord. the outlet and If 80MB, 120MB, or 170MB the BIOS ROM option to or Cacheable. Troubleshooting
You of and to reconnected the internal and correctly. You option that the Check the A. If the the and the both correctly. the or the connected with the board. The Not The reasonable of Ctrl If that the RESET You memory that the the Chapter You the respond. turning the off, seconds, and You overloaded the option the option card(s). Then to the option Troubleshooting
The displays when of the the securely to the Nothing when type the The Not Respond, The the properly. If the light the right of the to turn off the function. If to the of the function, Chapter There the that the switch and that its light The light the the and If the the securely connected to the Troubleshooting
If and match. to the switches or properly. If VGA, service the built-in VGA If that VGA the to Chapter and MONO the Card option SETUP Chapter If to the the type of and using the and software. If that graphics the The switch the light Turn off the seconds, and back If the light the outlet Turn off and from the Then the outlet and If the light Troubleshooting
You the the If the latch, to the Also, to that the right type of the high-density the the the another of the type. If the faulty. The the right type, that the write-protected, the from writing to the the operating instructions formatting You copying the from the to Something with the the If using DOS, CHKDSK to the You to or to this Troubleshooting
newly-installed properly. the correctly and the You when the SETUP and the type of The or service or Direct. newly-installed properly. the correctly and Also, the You when SETUP and the selected the type. the the board correctly. Chapter information. Troubleshooting
You to the and the correctly operating the operating Also, physically the physically the factory.) If physically the that with the to that physical from software-based formatting commands, such as the DOS FORMAT command. You using reduction performance. The the become and compaction to the If or read/write the physical service or Direct. You its displays the P/N the SEIKO EPSON CORP heading. the first of this the You the OK followed the operating The option within the SETUP to Not Troubleshooting
Software The that following the the and that correctly. If the the If software The reading You that information the the to commands. the and If the off, seconds, then software, OS/2, or NetWare of 4MB to 8MB of RAM to correctly. software the memory If necessary, memory the instructions The that the and properly connected to the Troubleshooting
The information. the the DIP switch or Also, the and selected the within software Option Card option correctly. the option correctly and well-seated its the SETUP to the Also, software using with the option the that with the option to DIP switches or the The that the option to properly. Chapter information. to the to the reducing the Chapter You option that option that the Troubleshooting
connected to the option correctly. using the to the to the Memory The memory count the incorrect. You the incorrectly. They the type or or they the Chapter information isnt properly or the securely connected to of the the correctly and selected the right the the SETUP the that with and Chapter instructions. Troubleshooting
You the or the I/O when The indicated board faulty. If option with that with and the the board to the built-in You then to to serviced. The cache incorrect. You the cache chips incorrectly. They the type, or they the Also, SETUP to the cache. the option to and both the BIOS ROM and the ROM options to Cacheable or information cache and Chapter instructions using the SETUP the Troubleshooting
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU 80486SX/25 to 486SX/33, 486DX/33, 486DX2/50, or 486DX2/66 and or the of selection through SETUP and commands Memory 4MB RAM SIMM; to 32MB 1MB, 4MB, 8MB, and 16MB tin-plated, type with or ROM 512KB BIOS, BIOS, and SETUP located EPROM RAM 512KB DRAM board; to 1MB or DIP chips RAM Supports of and BIOS ROM RAM 8KB of internal cache (built the 32KB or 128KB of cache using or DIP or DIP chips Specifications
Clock/ A-2 Specifications clock, and CMOS RAM with built-in VGA board; to board to or and Interface to IDE with built-in VGA interface built board; D-shell One interface built board; D-shell RS-232C, asynchronous interfaces built board; One PS/2 interface built board; through SETUP; DIN
Option Three and half-length I/O ISA inch third-height internal mount) and inch half-height the following Other Half-height CD-ROM, or other 5-inch or inch with mounting 3.5-inch 1.44MB (high-density) capacity 5.25-inch 1.2MB (high-density) capacity 3.5-inch 720KB 5.25-inch 360KB 3-inch factor to half-height the first mounted internally, and the mounted the Specifications A-3
Physical Characteristics inches inches Height inches without or input Option A-4 Specifications fan-cooled to VAC VDC Amps, VDC Amps, VDC Amps to
Tested Although software the following operating tested with become these tested. MS-DOS through DR DOS NetWare NetWare NetWare OS/2 SCO Unix SCO SCO WorkGroup .O Workstation and workstation type with this operating NetWare tested and as workstation. Specifications A-5
The following of the options this location or Direct information A-6 Specifications
Specifications A-7
A-8 Specifications