Y16499100301
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to operation of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should near or or heat This should built-in provided. This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding type third (grounding) This grounding-type This If to the the to the of the grounding-type this where the
If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the outlet of this through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the and servicing to service the following A. the or or B. If the C. If the to or D. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions of other and often technician to the to operation. E. If the or the F. If the performance, indicating service.
EPSON LT
Corporation or warranties, or implied, or with to this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or means, mechanical, tocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation, with to the of information While every the of this publication, Corporation responsibility or from the of the informa- tion this publication and to without of Corporation. of America, Inc. of IBM and AT and XT of International Microsoft, MS-DOS, and GW-BASIC of Microsoft of Products Inc. V30 of NEC Corporation. Copyright Corporation Y16499100301 IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
This and and and properly, that with the tions, interference to and reception. It type tested and found to with the Class computing with the of of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference installation. there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following the the with to the the from the the outlet that the and branch If necessary, the user should the or The the following the helpful: Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, ton DC If the interference caused the or its peripheral To further isolate the This to comply with the Class computing to of of FCC peripherals input/output to comply with the Class attached to this with peripherals to interference to and TV reception. The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS Disconnect the peripheral and their input/output If the caused the peripheral or its I/O These shielded I/O peripheral the shielded from peripheral the or WARNING
Introduction LT high-performance about anywhere: the office, or the Its rechargeable locations when to With the AC connected, the as as and recharge the the process. There LT with with -inch and 20MB internal You chose the or LCD The that the background of the The LT includes 640KB of memory and with built-in and interfaces. These interfaces or other choose. If to the LT to of the and the If the -inch to the this to 360KB from that offers which the LT to the with other computers. You carrying and information. Introduction -inch -inch
The LT with the MS-DOS operating and the GW-BASIC If MS-DOS another that the the LT. The commands this and information, including of the MS-DOS You the IBM PC, PC XT and PC AT LT. to This This to and LT. It to and You to everything this sections option fact, with computers, to only and and Chapter the Complete the Chapter to and If the follow the instructions to the to If the Chapter operating and to and and Chapter instructions MS-DOS with the LT. If to or the A. If while using LT, the troubleshooting B. Introduction
C information the the If with of the to or of these the LT specifications, and of this the whenever Introduction
Chapter LT follow the this chapter. They to the that with LT, and the reference reference to these the back cover. the or other the instructions of If the to Chapter when the this chapter. the of from their to inspect each If or
this should the following items: The AC and MS-DOS operating which the GW-BASIC reference MS-DOS and GW-BASIC You should the or LCD or to with with the this and to With information. to They the protection to Follow these to the or to the shown below, back the the they the back of the Connecting the
screwdriver to off the cover the front of each arm, as shown below. the covers There each of the as shown below. You to these to or
the with both and the of the the securely seated both the covers the front of the them back These the to the You the or back to the
the round of the the AC ADAPTER the back of the of the to the input Connecting the AC Follow these to the AC
the other of the the connected to both the and the AC light This light to that the AC to the to the Chapter information the with the AC Charging the Battery The LT rechargeable battery that the when the AC the the first charge the battery. the AC charging the battery. This whenever the connected to the and the charge least the the first and the AC connected while the to the Battery information the with the battery. It to charge the battery; should this as as with Connecting The LT both and interfaces. You easily or that type of follow the instructions below. offers of products; information.
interface The LT interface and DB-25S interfaces. To to the IBM- If which Once follow these to to the interface the the to the the switches the and off. the of the to the the back of the as shown below. If the screws, them with screwdriver.
the other of the to the as shown below. To the the each of the and them the to off DIP switch the back as below the DIP Switches to connected. If to -inch with LT, connected to the Therefore, both and the connected the to DIP switch the back to the the DIP Switches below.
interface If or another peripheral with interface, to the (RS-232C) the back of the The LT DB-9P IBM (or that the to the To follow the connecting You to that the to function properly. If the redirect to the instead of the To these the MS-DOS SETMODE (or the MODE command), MS-DOS
If to or to this instructions connecting the A, and instructions the instructions that with the bought. If already internal and the the of the to the DIP switches correctly of these to LT. the DIP Switches below. The DIP switches the LT to with information about the the DIP switch to the LCD whether connected, the of and the type of The LT of DIP switches: the and the back of the The the four switches that the LCD The the back four switches that the and and interface these switches this section, however, to the match the DIP switches while off. the the off and then the DIP Switches
DIP switch or off To thin such as screwdriver. DIP switches To the DIP switches the to the cover shown below. Press the back and the to the DIP switches. DIP switch DIP switches
The these switches and then below. Table DIP switch Switch LCD or This switch whether to the or the LCD, characters light background. the LCD, the characters light background. the LCD, characters light background. the LCD, the characters light background. Turn this switch or off Switches and LCD mode-These switches the text displays the If text clearly, these switches to another Switch LCD or selection-This switch the whether to text the LCD or connected to the If connected to this switch off.
DIP switches The of DIP switches the of the back The these switches Table and then below. Table DIP switch functions ON OFF secondary Switch of port-This switch whether or connected to the If connected to this this switch off. If connected -inch to the this switch ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF
Switch assignment-If connected to the this switch whether MS-DOS and the as or B. The should B, copy-protected that the to A. this assign the as turning switch off. If to B, the switch Switch of drives-This switch the it has. If this switch If or internal and turn off. Switch or secondary port-This switch the whether the built-in or secondary. If the optional which this DIP switch to which to and which to secondary. If or the built- to the switch off. If the to the and the built-in to secondary, switch through ready to the and using LT the following Follow these to or yourself: to of the If there reading troubleshooting or the D, Turning On the
off while light This or whole least seconds the off turn Turning the off and the or of its the of Turning the the connecting the AC to the least ready to to the AC connected while the the first the turn peripheral such as or If with the switch the back It to this switch You with or without the the empty. To the the switch the back switch
The the lights and seconds, the to internal This the whenever The the RAM memory), board, and peripherals the operation. of the C. and brightness If text the clearly, the switch or switches the right of the to the (and brightness). The the switch. The switch and switch, as shown below. The switch brightly the characters the background. To increase the the switch To the switch
If the the brightness switch to the intensity of the backlighting. To the backlighting the switch To the brightness, the switch To the of the (and the battery), the brighter than to the text clearly. Initial the its RAM KB 0K Then the displays the following or and when ready This the operating from the right A, The LT operating (DOS) to function. It with MS-DOS If to another operating Chapter the information to MS-DOS; to that chapter the operating with LT. follow the instructions below to MS-DOS and of MS-DOS and reference the MS-DOS with the facing and the arrow the of the the right of the as shown the following illustration. Loading MS-DOS Follow these to MS-DOS:
the the clicks the the the release instructions, and Chapter Press The the operating The displays the title and and then to this: You to the the and when the below. Once the and the LT them them the Press to the displayed The then displays the Press to the
The the MS-DOS and copyright information, and then the MS-DOS This the operating ready to command. The command the operating A, B, or C. It the whenever MS-DOS, MS-DOS command, or Follow the below to of It that the and the originals The copying whether the or the which -inch Follow the below. You the to the originals Copying with If already the MS-DOS (and necessary). The A> should the -inch 720KB B, the of the Copying -inch, 720KB,
and The displays these already the to (the and the (the If the formatted, the DISKCOPY Then the copying the from to the B. the the displays this Press of the reference the from and the release each to the Then the reference and another B. Follow the the to the reference and the Copy another (Y/N)? displays, to to the MS-DOS A> Copying with If already the MS-DOS (and necessary). The A> should the and The displays the following DISKCOPY A: B: SOURCE A: TARGET B: Press when ready Copy another (Y/N)? DISKCOPY
already the to (the The DISKCOPY the of the to the memory. the 720KB MS-DOS than the 640KB of memory, the to the of the The when to and the Then the displays these the MS-DOS from the release to release the and the (the the Then If the formatted, the DISKCOPY Then the copying the from the memory to the the from memory, DISKCOPY these the the from the and the MS-DOS Press The the of the from the to the memory and then displays these the SOURCE A: Press when ready TARGET A: Press when ready SOURCE A: Press when ready TARGET A: Press when ready
the MS-DOS from and the the Then The the from the memory to the the this Press of the reference Follow the instructions and the the to the reference and the Copy another (Y/N)? appears, to to the MS-DOS A> If this the first LT used, to the the reference to the information about the This that least once. You to to something. The (or change) the following: clocks or the the (RS-232C) or The information with the the CMOS RAM, which backed battery. Whenever the searches the CMOS RAM the information. If the the information CMOS RAM and to the To the the of reference A. At the A> type: Copy another (Y/N)? the
and The displays the clock Secondary function, the clock of the and clock. the clock backed battery, of the and while the turned off. The MS-DOS TIME and DATE commands, as as the and the clock, they to the and the clock option to the and permanently-for daylight years. that though MS-DOS and the clock 24-hour to the To the clock, follow these On the to the to clock and You the and this: To the (while the You the following:
the the shown the each the the to the the following: the correct, If than the hours or the or seconds), the to the to and You the following: To the the the shown the the month and the and four the the the the correct, If (such as than the month), the and the both the and correct, to to the to other the The backlight the of the off automatically. Although this power-saver the follow these instructions the to This efficiently. The from the to and should of its brightness, and eventually to replaced. To the batterys charge and the of the the the backlighting off
of The You to one-half to If the backlighting to turned off off the the backlighting off, off the as the backlighting back To the follow these Press To increase the To the The increases and half- If reach and the displays the following: This that the the backlighting off the to the to SAVE SETTING and to to the the (RS-232C) the and Secondary options to the the If the to with this of the and to Leaving the below. to and You SAVE SETTING
If using the built-in to concerned with the port-and then to the attached to the built-in the option to match the to the switch that to the MS-DOS MODE to the each to The the MS-DOS as COM1:-normally the built-in The secondary the as COM2:-normally the the optional If and DIP switch the back the built-in secondary, COM1: and COM2: this the the following instructions. The the the and secondary To the to and To the secondary You of the with their Parity Stop SAVE SETTINGS the that with the to which to these to Secondary
The the option. To the of The displays the following: to the to the and To the type of to Parity and The displays the following: the arrow to the to the type of and To the length, the to and The to or whichever displayed Press to the To the of the to Stop and The to or whichever displayed To the the the to the SAVE SETTINGS option and and
Leaving the the the and The displays of the the to the information correct. the this EXIT AND SAVE If incorrect, The displayed and the If or to the to without and the correct, to EXIT AND SAVE and At this the the using the If the reference A, and the MS-DOS the If the displays the and If the LT, to Chapter and the procedures there to If to Chapter without
Chapter If the LT, follow the instructions this chapter to using the first WARNING of these procedures already or otherwise, the the These instructions apply only to The the LT capacity of megabytes-about characters. This to approximately 720KB reduces the of and of the when You of the and to as (to Although the to back the MS-DOS BACKUP MS-DOS to back though the of to only those the other the the following things to the FDISK to the to the MS-DOS operating the SELECT to the MS-DOS and to the MS-DOS to the
Then the COPY command to from the reference to the of these this chapter. If to operating other than MS-DOS, to that operating to the and the to the following procedures the of MS-DOS and reference and MS-DOS commands. If to and MS-DOS, this the first operating the and should If Chapter basic information about MS-DOS or MS-DOS information the operating Creating the MS-DOS You to the the MS-DOS operating Follow the below to MS-DOS. Turn the already). the of MS-DOS A. Turn the already). At the A> type FDISK and The displays the FDISK Press to the DOS option and The displays the following to the DOS (Y/N). ?[Y]
Press to the MS-DOS and The displays the following and Press to the (the MS-DOS already A). MS-DOS. the copyright information displays the the displays. Press to the and shown. The the MS-DOS and the redisplays. Formatting the MS-DOS Once created the MS-DOS MS-DOS. You the SELECT command, which the following: the MS-DOS the directory the MS-DOS to the this, MS-DOS from the every turn or Chapter of the function.) Follow these to the MS-DOS the of MS-DOS there already). At the A> type the following and DOS A: Press when ready SELECT C: US
and US the country and respectively, the United States. If to other MS-DOS The displays this and Press Y. Formatting immediately. The displays the following: Press to the DOS Then MS-DOS formatting DOS The continuously displays the head and numbers. formatting the MS-DOS the operating to the the the displays the following: It to the to from If to the type to characters and If to The first displays information and then the following SELECT to DOS the first SELECT everything the specified and then DOS. to (Y/N)? WARNING, ALL DATA ON NON-REMOVABLE DISK DRIVE C: WILL BE LOST! Proceed with Format (Y/N)? Format characters, ENTER Reading
the copied, the A> redisplays. The SELECT The SELECT the from to the directory of C. You however, to these they to information Chapter of this and MS-DOS Copying the Reference to the Follow the instructions below to the reference to the If to them subdirectory, instructions. the MS-DOS from and the reference the You should to A. If type A: and At the A> type the following and MS-DOS the from the to The appear the as they copied. copying, the reference Booting From the MS-DOS) from C, there A; the MS-DOS from A. COPY C:
Turn off the least seconds, and then back the the the screen displays the Press to the and shown. The C> displays, indicating that the from From each turn or MS-DOS from the empty. Assignments MS-DOS the as C. The the right of the A. If connected to LT, MS-DOS as B, turned off DIP switch the back to the A. Switch The LT its switch. this switch using the without the AC this to turn off the when to the batterys charge. If Turning the A. off the off the though the switch
the LT This chapter covers basic LT the AC The LT its internal or the AC the AC to the and to the to the the the AC whenever to outlet to the batterys charge. It recharges the whenever connected to the You or the AC while the without operation. the and the light flashing below), the AC as as to the connected to both the and the AC light top of the the back), the to and to LT other countries (with the the to recharge the as the section. the Battery The the LT that the when the AC connected. The rechargeable and should to the LT
You to recharge the these the the first If the If the light flashing LED Indicators below). the light to flash, of the completely If using the without the and To recharge the battery, the AC to the and to You the whether the or off. the charge, connected hours. The overcharged; connected than hours. the following when charging the battery: the AC that with the LT. the It to charge the least hours If charge the only to The of the the to hours of operations. If the or however, the shorter. the LT
LED the the right LED (light that information about the operation. The POWER LED whenever the The of the light the Selecting below.) The LOW BAT LED flashes when the the Battery The DRIVE and (right), which of the accessed, If the LED the of these lights the writing to or reading from the that off the or from the the light If should its LED. The CAPS, NUM, and SCROLL whether the and functions the LT below.) the LT
and Closing the the or to off and then the as shown below, the of the to the the release (shown below) Then the back. the LT
the The LT carrying To the it from the of the as shown below. the closed whenever the its Selecting The LT or At the higher the the the To the the CPU SPEED switch the the LT RESET CPU SPEED
the the LED At the light the You the to the operating or to You to and the to type. however, the temporary memory (RAM) that when MS-DOS, Ctrl and C to operation and to the MS-DOS command If this the WARNING the to to. and whenever the properly. If the while such There three to each than the them the If using MS-DOS, Ctrl and and the the the right of the The and then MS-DOS reloads. (MS-DOS the or the If this the the or type of thin pointed to the RESET the This when the to commands. If this the try the third the LT
Turn off peripheral and then off the LT. seconds and then switch the back the If the of the LCD to of things. The the that the backlighting from the than the Eventually, the of its and to replaced. To the of the as as the battery, the the off touched the of The the Chapter this backlight instructions the backlight Chapter The the off to the or off DIP switch the Another to the of the to as bright as to the clearly. the brightness switch the right of the to the brightness. If the its brightness, to the the and then follow the instructions to If to yourself, to the LT when Table the the LT
Table Ctrl Home, F1 F10 Break The and as them once to the function and to off. the function the LED the when the function the light off. the LT the to the right and to the the from lower- to back to lowercase when The the top of the affected. characters or the top the when with the character lowercase characters when Works with other to such as operations MS-DOS and GW-BASIC. Works with other to character the back the character to the of input or command. the function and off. the character the Within location. the function of the from positioning to when the function and the the Press to back to the the or operation. within Prints the text currently displayed the the function. applications, scrolling. applications, terminates the operation.
The LT Character The LT character that assigns graphics and international characters to ASCII to these characters characters instead. this character IBM and (the character the LT as and others. Also, the graphic characters when information. and The allow to and to and LT least 720KB or This section and to the following: Choose and and It the assigned the The round of coated with and protective record, both The the LT
the as these tracks. read/write head the the the the to the to the read/write head. The read/write head this of the when and and It sealed protective of and the as only it and capacity. magnetically, and as record, and Choosing the LT to high-quality to LT. Choose -inch that 720KB soft-sectored, TPI inch). 720KB of or about of (One bytes.) If -inch -inch, 360KB, double-sided, soft-sectored, TPI this These 360KB of the of about of They with those the IBM PC the other. of their -inch -inch or both of (720KB and 360KB), from to the other with the COPY command. Chapter this or MS-DOS instructions the COPY command. the LT
You to them with operating Formatting the and to to only or that to Chapter or MS-DOS instructions to Caring and To and to them properly. these to off the or turn off while the light This light that the copying to or from If this process, off the from and of or scratch the and the read/write heads from that magnetically.) There of or office, such as telephones, and They and humidity. the or or heat. The the of or winter the the and The top of and they the LT
or to properly their If these off the to the or the when the light This light that the currently copying to or from the If this process, to the The air-tight to from turn off the the AC and to the batterys charge. Turning the A. and To with the facing and the arrow the the as shown below. the LT
the the clicks To the release to release the of the the and properly, such as WARNING or off the while the light You to off the of and Copy that as the that with the LT, and the from Copy (preferably every to them and them from Chapter to of MS-DOS and reference instructions copying If of and to as You the MS-DOS BACKUP to or of the the information, MS-DOS Write-protecting You write-protect to its from write-protected, from the or If to write-protected displays. the LT
The write-protect switch the lower-right the back, shown the below. To write- the the switch the of the there where the switch to To the write-protection, the switch the of the the covered. operating the to least physical and it displays and accordingly. If MS-DOS treats the as This operations that normally to from to another, MS-DOS from the first the to the memory. Then MS-DOS to another and from memory to the the copying to the You this and to which which. One to to the and the the other right. You should write-protect to information using with MS-DOS, the LT write-protect switch
Turning the off the and then from the Turn off (such as or and then off the If the off the the LT
Chapter MS-DOS With the LT LT with of MS-DOS, the operating Microsoft? this chapter, learn of the MS-DOS with MS-DOS the of such as the memory organized, displays, input, and directing software with the without instructions from the operating The operating input and and the operation of MS-DOS MS-DOS memory. This that first MS-DOS that the operating instructions and the right To with the operating to MS-DOS commands. to about the MS-DOS commands to LT. If to MS-DOS commands. If to advanced or to know as as about MS-DOS. If to that this to the MS-DOS the information about MS-DOS, MS-DOS The basic know include to the following: and MS-DOS MS-DOS With the LT
MS-DOS command the Format Copy or selected the of and Starting and Exiting MS-DOS MS-DOS MS-DOS memory. Follow these to MS-DOS: Turn such as the or If its switch turned If the of MS-DOS A, the right of the Turn If that to MS-DOS automatically, that A. MS-DOS from the when turn the Chapter information the Press to the and shown. MS-DOS With the LT
the MS-DOS which that MS-DOS and the greater-than If MS-DOS from the the This that commands to MS-DOS to and off the the or C> Then to off and then off the MS-DOS Commands You MS-DOS whenever the MS-DOS This that type the command and and then to the command. include items that the to and switches that the of command. You command and or lowercase You however, and with commands or as If when and of things: the backspace to back and the Press SC to the MS-DOS With the LT
If when this or Then MS-DOS the command try type the and and or when to. The consists of the and the You choose to characters indicating what the The characters or the following: I, The optional and to three characters It what type of such as text or from the with MS-DOS might this: to further MS-DOS which the To this, type the B, or C-of the where the located, followed and then the You type the and or lowercase MS-DOS the everything to MS-DOS directory information about each there, such MS-DOS With the LT \/{}:I<>+=;,.?*
as its location, and the and updated the If other the directory. This often the when using rather than The directory the directory and backslash The directory the directory. first MS-DOS the directory the directory. If to or subdirectory, to to that or when the command. information, Creating and this chapter or MS-DOS the the A> that MS-DOS operating from and command. If, however, to or specify that You this including the with the or that To B, follow these At the type: to type the Press the B> This that MS-DOS B. The to from B, which the back A. MS-DOS With the LT B:
Formatting the Formatting the MS-DOS write to You to this once, the the first You previously Reformatting, however, that that to of the The formatting the of One (and Follow the instructions below with Follow this to B. The the internal the of the or of the MS-DOS (and necessary). the A> type: and You this the to B, and to formatting. MS-DOS displays the head and as each of the MS-DOS With the LT FORMAT B: B: and ENTER when -inch
the completely formatted, such as these 720KB At this and to another or and to to the MS-DOS Formatting with of the MS-DOS (and necessary) or to C (the C:. the A> or C> type: and You this If the MS-DOS A, Then the to A, and to MS-DOS displays the head and as each of the the completely formatted, these At this another and or to the MS-DOS and MS-DOS With the LT Format Format another (Y/N)? FORMAT A: A: and ENTER when ready Format Format another (Y/N)?
Copying Its to of the or You and back the DISKCOPY command, or back the COPY command. DU that to this MS-DOS the DISKCOPY The three below to the of to another. Follow the One One You DISKCOPY to from -inch to -inch or You the COPY below) to the DISKCOPY to back the the COPY or the BACKUP command, which MS-DOS Copying with write-protected. instructions.) the of MS-DOS A. At the A> type: MS-DOS With the LT -inch (copying from to B) -inch (copying from to A) -inch -inch DISKCOPY A: B:
and MS-DOS to the to from and the to to B. Then DISKCOPY to the If DISKCOPY the You the The operation when the You this the this and another or the DISKCOPY command. Press to another or to the DISKCOPY command. Copying with write-protected. Chapter instructions.) the of MS-DOS or type C: to to C, the At the A> or C> type: and MS-DOS With the LT SOURCE A: TARGET B: Press when ready Formatting while copying Copying Sectors/Track, Copy another (Y/N)? DISKCOPY -inch
MS-DOS these If the MS-DOS A, Then the to from the and DISKCOPY the of the to the memory. The displays these while the or the memory the displays these the from and the the DISKCOPY to the If DISKCOPY the You the The operation when the You these If the than the memory (which 640KB), the to the to the to memory. Then to the to the from memory to the Follow the instructions the MS-DOS With the LT SOURCE A: Press when ready Copying Sectors/Track, TARGET A: Press when Formatting while copying Copying Sectors/Track,
the completed, this and another or the DISKCOPY command. Press to another or to the DISKCOPY command. Copying with Follow the below to of 360KB -inch These instructions the assigned as B. If turned off DIP switch the back to the A, the instructions. write-protected. (There should write-protect the write-protect the of MS-DOS (or type C: to to C At the A> or C> type: and MS-DOS displays these the to from the (B) and DISKCOPY the of the to the memory. Then the displays these MS-DOS With the LT Copy another (Y/N)? DISKCOPY B: B: SOURCE B: Press when ready TARGET B: Press when ready -inch
the from and the the DISKCOPY to the If DISKCOPY the You the The operation when the You these the the displays this and another or the DISKCOPY command. Press to another or to the DISKCOPY command. the COPY You the COPY to You the following: Copy from to another or to the Copy of wildcard characters Copy or and them apply when copying You MS-DOS where to the and where to the You with the as existing MS-DOS With the LT while copying Copying Sectors/Track, Copy another (Y/N)?
If existing the the as the copying from the the the the there warning that the the replaced, that to The To the COPY command, type COPY, the and the and then the following the items to from the to the the COPY A: B: If to from the to the type: COPY To the with type: COPY this the easy to of wildcard character the You wildcard characters: and The of characters and the character. To the the to the B, type: COPY A:*.* B: To to the that with the four that type: COPY B: MS-DOS With the LT
the of You often to which or and its the of the to The DIR command the of the selected directory or At the MS-DOS (A>, B>, or C>), type: DIR and MS-DOS the of the the directory the If to to directory of the the B, type: DIR B: and The DIR the of the and the of the bytes, and the and each At the of the directory the of and Creating and or of them. Trying to directory of or The to this to directory There four operations to know to and Creating pathnames MS-DOS With the LT
Copying from subdirectory to another. Each subdirectory and subdirectory and pathname. The directory backslash The of the subdirectory to characters, or or both, To four subdirectory operations follow the instructions below. These MS-DOS commands that know. You the without about the commands, information, MS-DOS Creating Starting the A> the or the C> the first type CD\ and to that the directory. Then type the following and MD \LETTERS MD Directory type MKDIR), the that the directory subdirectory of the directory, and LETTERS the of the subdirectory. Next type the following and MD \MEMOS This another subdirectory MEMOS. (LETTERS and MEMOS) directory. Next, each of these the of this the following and the of each COPY CON: LETTER1 This the first MS-DOS With the LT LETTERS
Press F6. Then type the following and the of each COPY CON: MEMOS MEMO1 This the first Press F6. each of the (The COPY with CON: what from the to To the of these the directory, type DIR and the of the directory, should the following: LETTERS <DIR> MEMOS <DIR> The <DIR> this as subdirectory of the directory. If to of the created, first of the following: Specify the pathname. To type CD followed backslash and the of the subdirectory. to to the LETTERS subdirectory, type the following and CD LETTERS CD Directory type CHDIR), the backslash directory) that the directory subdirectory of the directory, and LETTERS the of the directory. MS-DOS With the LT
DIR and to that the LETTERS subdirectory. You should the following: <DIR> LETTER1 the LETTER1 to the of the the type the following and TYPE LETTER1 You should the following: This the first type CD\ and to to the directory. pathnames You the LETTER1 without leaving the directory. to the with the type the following and TYPE LETTERS LETTER1 The pathname LETTERS LETTER1 the the LETTER1. You what directory (as as the The first backslash directory) that the to the the directory, and LETTERS the of the subdirectory. pathname, the and backslash. backslash the of pathname the directory, backslashes directory the as them You to specify the pathname or to MS-DOS With the LT <DIR>
as to the or to Copying from subdirectory to another You from subdirectory to another with the COPY command. specify the the to and the subdirectory to which the to to LETTER1 from the LETTERS subdirectory to the MEMOS subdirectory, type the following and COPY LETTERS LETTER1 MEMOS or other other of creating and the of commands and pathnames should If to of the following MS-DOS XTREE, PATH, and AUTOEXEC.BAT Starting Application MS-DOS, MS-DOS from and From this the that with instructions to Once using the MS-DOS command Instead, the and that to the using and the the MS-DOS reappears. to the properly to to this off MS-DOS With the LT
MS-DOS Commands and the LT MS-DOS the commands the MS-DOS that the LT. Three commands the MS-DOS HELP, ROMBIOS, and SYSTAT. These reference If to them, to the reference the or to the directory where they If these to MS-DOS or directory, the COPY to them. Additionally, that MS-DOS command LT; this of the of the MODE they to with the with memory If memory such as the top or the MS-DOS commands, that the backlighting once it turned off. If this and You this from occurring the LIGHTON Reference memory and then the LIGHTON (type LIGHTON and this Another to the backlight the Chapter instructions.) If memory that with the operation, it to them with batch that includes LIGHTON as the command. MS-DOS With the LT
and This to to the and to the It to off the the its battery. Connecting If bought to with LT, follow the instructions below to to the both the and (as as other turned off. the LT It to the the of the and If necessary, the to the with permanently attached the of the to the CRT the back of the as shown below. and
If the screws, them with screwdriver. If necessary, the first the the with permanently attached Then the Turn off DIP switch the to the know instead of the LCD the DIP Switches Chapter ready to the the and other and then the Text displayed the instead of the the Screen If to the the follow the instructions below. The they to or the If reservations about this yourself, to Turn off and the screwdriver to the tops of the brightness and switches. A-2 and
the switch tops the screwdriver to the cover each of the that the as shown below. the covers both off, the straight of the A-3 and
Turn the and (such as the back. the screw each of the the shown below, screwdriver to each of the covers. screwdriver to both screws and them the to together, and the A-4 and screw cover
off the front cover of the as shown below and On of the (shown below). the right and You the the A-5 and
the right the top, that the supply to the as shown below. the supply and to the as shown below. It completely. to of the A-6 and
the from which the and of the This the as shown below. The right slightly as the the the seated properly and to the of the the screw the supply, below the switches, properly with the screw the the and A-7
the to seat properly, as shown below. the the properly the seated the the front cover the fits correctly and the of the front and back squarely; off the cover, the and the firmly both together and turn the back the screws the screw covers the first and then them back Turn the and back the the covers the front of the the switch tops them back to the A-8 and
Turning the To to the switch the without the AC to the off when to the charge of the battery. The of the batterys charge than You off the the or If to the off the If to MS-DOS or or the the switch when the and off as below. Turning off the first If the off the switch turning the the the displays this 1701-C Press F1 to the MS-DOS and the operating from that Then the as would this, the Turning off the If to the the with the switch You to the the and off the operating or from C. there things to know about using the this A-9 and
MS-DOS from the the operating to the memory; however, the MS-DOS C and to memory. off the the C. This that type command such as DISKCOPY, the operating to there C. This (such as or spreadsheet once loaded, the commands the to the to back which the these of to them from A. The following shows the turning the off while the the with the switch MS-DOS from the Next type A: and to to A. If to from the to type C: and the of as necessary, front of the of the You to this off the You to using from C to A. If to C when turn off the the command, the screen If this the back and then A. A-10 and
to A, turn off the the A. to text the the the text C. The to seconds to the operation to A-11 and
Troubleshooting You should serious as and LT. of the ordinary this Usually, such nothing than repeating software or the You the to If there with of or of the D. If the about servicing the WARNING If to off the reason, least seconds it back You the LT it off and If the displays the C. If the displays while D, the the of that the Then the information to The to If the when the switch, follow these to to the light the If and then off the seconds, then the back Troubleshooting
If the light off the switch. to that the AC securely connected to both the and Then the back If the the the outlet the and to the The LCD If the appears the LCD follow these to the the switch (and switch to the DIP switch the turned to the LCD as the the DIP Switches instructions.) then turn off the that the LCD properly connected to the Chapter instructions.) least seconds and then turn the back If the to its Caring the Chapter and A. The If using with the appears the follow these to the the switches the and turned the the to the brightness and Troubleshooting B-2
then off the switches the and the that the securely connected to the and to and that the properly to both the and the Then both switches back DIP switch the turned off to the as the the DIP Switches Chapter instructions.) Turn off the switches both the and the Then the outlet the the and to the outlet The Not If the to something from the try the following: seconds. operations to than others. spreadsheet to spreadsheet than to Also, BASIC that to or of the the and the accordingly. If the follow the Chapter the Computer. Battery If the recharge to the instructions Chapter The the LT should as as the If, however, the to than should recharged, it following the the B-3 Troubleshooting
Turn off the the AC to the and to outlet and the charge least hours. Disconnect the AC Turn the and the the this three hours. If the (LOW BAT) light the three hours the to to the replaced. If with the following the Copy the and the that caused the the (If copying the of the sectors to with the COPY command.) If the using the the another to as the right type of The type normally shown the the internal which of 720KB, +-inch, 720KB, TPI inch), soft-sectored If -inch 360KB, TPI, soft-sectored this the write-protected? The write-protect switch -inch or there write- the notch of -inch the switch or the the directory Troubleshooting B-4
to what the information to or (Chapter to directory.) Although should normally write-protect temporary the These write-protect the If with when first to properly. Chapter the switch the back Switch Chapter If repartitioned or or of the If and function properly, authorized service the airtight that the recording Software If with software the following and The software that following the operating the the right of the the software and the to the instructions. If this the (as Chapter the Computer), the and try the B-5 Troubleshooting
To properly, the to the CPU with the switch the Selecting Chapter to If correctly right the and properly to the The to If the the DIP switch The DIP switches properly with the software follow the instructions software B-6 Troubleshooting
C The built-in memory (ROM) of of These the the The the internal such as ROM, RAM, and the the the this If found, and displayed. If the serious, the further and The the the If the serious, the displays and to further You this F1 to the and and then F1 to the and to when repairs. The first its internal such as the ROM. If malfunction found, the displays with further information. If this as as If the board found, the and this displayed: C-1
If I/O or this ROM where the of the of the I/O ROM option Clock and CMOS RAM the completed successfully, the the and CMOS RAM. If the information the RAM match the this options SETUP DIAGNOSTICS) The information the CMOS RAM corrected. the the reference to the information. If the clock this displayed: SETUP DIAGNOSTICS) RAM The to the RAM. this this displayed: OK where the amount of memory which malfunction found. This increases continuously 64KB to the amount of RAM the board, which 640KB. If the the first 64KB and the with further information. C-2
If there RAM chips this -Memory and The the and such as of of the to release. If there the the and the this displayed: this the the that causing the This (Ctrl and The its searching the read/write heads malfunction. If found, this If this that the A. If this appears the then to the and option from the DEVICE LIST. If the about the repaired. C-3
and The the and If malfunction found the of these 1701-A 1701-B 1701-E If found the of these displayed: 1701-C 1701-D C-4
Performing This to the operation of the and of LT. You these the reference whether correctly. the of this the when these Starting To the follow these the reference A. Turn or the The and displays the Press to and the the the following: The of the DIP switches the and the back The of the internal The peripheral that connected to the Performing OPERATION MENU Format to DOS selection
these items of the testing: DEVICE LIST Memory and and interface) (RS-232C and selection Selecting From the DEVICE LIST, the to tested. the of the then the to the You this of to selection You that the or of the from to testing of only; once To the once only, then The displays of the D-2 Performing
To the and You this (Y/N)? Press and to terminate the or and to the of You this the of to the then The the From If the that and and displayed. If to the the You this of the (Y/N)? To without the and turned and and the correctly. Then and If the ready, the following and displayed: correctly. correctly and Y, or to Correct the and and to or and to the the displays this Printout finished. Press to to the Performing D-3
The of the following It to the DEVICE LIST, or If and terminating the repeats the that caused the The of this the the and the optional The displays the title of each the of the and that these tests, the of this this option to the operation of each the board, including the following: The V30 CPU The clock, CMOS RAM, and The integrated The the V30 CPU They that the CPU instruction functioning correctly. If write the and or them and Attempting to warranty Memory this option to the computers built-in memory. D-4 Performing
This option expanded memory the 640KB memory MS-DOS. this the writes memory and then reads back. The written and of 64KB. each memory count each that tested without The usually: KB OK If reported, write the and or them and Attempting to memory warranty this option to the of the The first the this the lights the flash. If detected, then choose the the of the the that the matches the You this KEYBOARD SELECT MENU US ASCII United Spanish selection D-5 Performing
the of and You the and the displays the the Press each the to the character displayed the If the character displayed the match the pressed, there with each The of the and shown the right of the These appear the KEYBOARD CHECK Press ENTER to Press ENTER and match. If the function correctly and match the characters displayed, and then If the function, the characters match the and then Then the from the DEVICE LIST and that selected the You of the international the MS-DOS If incorrect, and of the and or them and and this option to the operation of the LCD or connected to This includes that allow to related to the If the LCD the tones. D-6 Performing
You the from this VIDEO ADAPTER AND DISPLAY CHECK MENU Attribute Character character 320X200 graphics 640X200 graphics selection If specified to the this and only the first If of these tests, the and or them Then the and and to to the DEVICE LIST. To the and then The the RAM memory) the writing to memory and then reading back and to the written The the of the D-7 Performing
Attribute To the of the and Several showing of the and the information and to the following the (Y/N)? Press and then the correct. If the correct, the If they incorrect, and to Character To character and The character that included the internal character displayed. the characters this checking the character to the following the (Y/N)? D-8 Performing
If the characters match the and then If with the characters the and to the character To character and then The character that included the character displayed. Check the characters displayed this the character to the the (Y/N)? If the characters match the and If with the characters the and to the graphics To graphics and then The three and red-against background. These four If they correct, and then D-9 Performing
The displayed this the white, and and the background red. These If these correct, and then to the If incorrectly, the of and that both of the firmly. If and to the graphics To graphics and The displays three background, as shown below. If the clear and and then If clearly, the of and that both of the firmly. If and to the D-10 Performing
Screen To the of and The RAM the This the first with to the and then each turn. You this this to the The to displayed sequentially. the displayed, this the (Y/N)? If correct, and If with incorrect and to the D-11 Performing
Option displays each and indicating the The the following the specified below: Black White To this option from the the first displayed. Press to the On the this the (Y/N)? If the correct, and to the If incorrectly, the of and that both of the firmly. If and to the This service only. If this option, to the To the the and choose this option, the and CRT Although each supply the to from to the D-12 Performing Light Light Light Light Light White (high intensity)
and this option to the performance of the or connected to This includes that allow to related to To these tests, the write the the 720KB 720KB 360KB 360KB If to without the Formatting below. If already to Starting the Formatting To without leaving follow these From the DEVICE LIST to The OPERATION MENU appears the Press and to Format If this and Press or and If A, this displayed: If the reference from A. the to the selected and The displays the head and as the D-13 Performing Format Format which (A/B)? A: and ENTER when ready
the these 720KB Format Format another (Y/N)? You another or to the OPERATION MENU. Then and to the To the option from the DEVICE LIST. choose the of to the the displays this FLOPPY DISK DRIVE(S) AND CONTROLLER CHECK MENU selection the the of or connected to If than this each which (A/B)? Press or and then If the the and and the serviced D-14 Performing
the and to to the OPERATION MENU. This the of the read/write heads to of the This action read/write head this each head from the to the track. The 720KB and 360KB Select option from the to this The displays the of each counting from or to The each head, the count If the displayed. This to the that the operation each instead of Select option from the to this This the of the selected to and write from The writes to and reads from each the the This the the selected Select option from the to this If prompted to the reference with the You the following D-15 Performing
this If A, Reference to this to to the If A, the reference and the the then and The displays the as each tested. with 720KB this the first This the of the specified Select option from the to this You to this: The should than and than The the seconds then displays this: The The -inch should This of The to and the updated every seconds. To the the to the If to without or this and or properly. Press to to the D-16 Performing -inch or
To the the and choose this option, the and Although each supply the to from to the Interface) this option to the operation of the To the loop-back the that the of the loop-back that to the option from the DEVICE LIST, these loop-back to to this when attached, or to to the the loop-back Then and to the The the writing and reading and information and reports that that instead of loop-back (RS-232C) this option to the of the (RS-232C) turned off DIP switch the back To the D-17 Performing
loop-back the RS-232C that the of the loop-back that to the option from the DEVICE LIST, these loop-back to to this when attached, or to to the the loop-back Then and to the the the to that they to from high to and displayed this of the The back which the to the this these RS232C back rates tested turn, and the informs of the of the If the become ready correctly, timeout If received match the and the reports the and the of the The back which the to using At the of the these RS232C back with NONE D-18 Performing
Once march the and the reports the and the of the If turned DIP switch the back option to the (RS-232C) To the loop-back the that the of the This to the the the of the (RS-232C) this option to The of The of with the character The of to graphics and of the graphics option from the DEVICE LIST, this (Y/N)? that connected to the and that turned with and Press and then to or and to to the the the that the correctly. This whether the off-line or whether interface If the repeating of ASCII characters and graphics to the D-19 Performing
The this: The includes the characters commonly that or graphic characters. If characters than the to with software. The graphics to the (ESC K) with and IBM printers. If this correctly, the MS-DOS GRAPHICS to of graphics the only characters its To the off-line. and this option to the performance of the If and service the option from the DEVICE LIST, this HARD DISK DRIVE AND CONTROLLER CHECK MENU and correction Read, selection D-20 Performing
If specified to the this and the first three This the of the read/write heads to of the This action read/write head this each head each of the from the Select option from the to this The displays the of each counting from 20MB to The the read/write heads the once. If the displayed. This the of the to and write The writes to and reads from each sector of the of the each head. This the of the This and MS-DOS. Therefore, created MS-DOS Select option from the to this You these The the highest physical this to this to to the Press and then to with the D-21 Performing
You count the If the to the If reported, and correction This the of the to read/write and to the accordingly. This the of the This and MS-DOS. Therefore, created MS-DOS Select option from the to this You these The the highest physical this to this to to the Press and then to with the If the displayed. the malfunctioning. this back and the serviced immediately. (The corrupting Read, This reads and from of the each and both heads. Select option from the to this The displays the of each with 20MB the first D-22 Performing
The counts to At the of the of the of the 20MB with three tracks, the following: BAD TRACKS READ ERROR TRACKS.. GOOD TRACKS Press to to the Press when the Dont there the They the and to To the the and then choose this option, the and Although each supply the to from to the This the first The the highest physical this to this to to the Press and then to with the Exiting the to the the MS-DOS reappears, the reference D-23 Performing
and Table D-1 the and that appear D-1. and V30 CPU ERROR TIMER COUNTER REGISTER ERROR TIMER COUNTER ERROR DMA CONTROLLER REGISTER ERROR DMA REFRESH ERROR SELF DIAGNOSTIC ERROR INTERRUPT CONTROLLER ERROR CMOS BATTERY ERROR CMOS CHECKSUM ERROR V30 INSTRUCTION ERROR Memory MEMORY/PARITY ERROR ERROR KEYBOARD IS DEFECTIVE and V-RAM ERROR ATTRIBUTE ERROR CHARACTER SET ERROR 40-COLUMN CHARACTER SET ERROR GRAPHICS MODE ERROR GRAPHICS MODE ERROR SCREEN PAGING ERROR COLOR VIDEO ERROR and FLOPPY DISK CONTROLLER ERROR SEQUENTIAL SEEK ERROR RANDOM SEEK ERROR WRITE ERROR READ ERROR ERROR PIN ERROR RTS CTS, CTS ALWAYS HIGH/LOW TIME OUT ERROR VERIFY ERROR D-24 Performing ERROR DTR DSR, DSR ALWAYS HIGH/LOW
ERROR DTR DSR, DSR ALWAYS HIGH/LOW ERROR RTS CTS, CTS ALWAYS HIGH/LOW TIME OUT ERROR VERIFY ERROR and 1701-A (RAM) 1701-B 1701-C ready 1701-D track 1701-E Performing D-25
LT Specifications CPU and Memory CPU memory ROM Supports to Supports 20MB top option Interfaces CRT DB-9P Option input/output optional E-1 LT Specifications V30 or switch-selectable and 640KB RAM (with parity) 16KB or r-inch and DB-25S or RS-232C, asynchronous, DB-9P -inch -inch +-inch
clock, and CMOS RAM RAM to to C) to (non-condensing) E-2 LT Specifications rechargeable to hours AC Three internal -inch or internal -inch 20MB Attached; QWERTY function to to C) to (non-condensing) -inch
Physical Characteristics Height LCD (reflective type) or type); supertwisted, aspect characters Carrying Soft carrying E-3 LT Specifications VAC, VAC, rechargeable with LCD with LCD with LCD with LCD
Application software to such as or spreadsheet ASCII American Information representing characters, such as numbers, and graphic ASCII character of transmitted ASCII computers, and of which character to another, without the Backlighting The which the LCD the background of the of or or of the of Usually to second. or The of The of the or of charge. To or operating F-1
or of that character. Character that the or the Includes numbers, and graphic CMOS Complementary chips. of or instructions. software or of Command instruction the to to function. The of of typical consists of with and LCD connected to command when Ctrl and another the that instructs to function. C Processing Unit. The of that instructions, the of and input and operations. Cursor The highlighted that shows the and as and Track. F-2
Information or to The of character or that when the turned or temporarily or the character or to of MS-DOS command, usually or of that of and such as or The and the to its internal and its DIP switches switches of such as the or the DIP switch and with information about DIP Directory of the or of The both and F-3
The physical that allows the to from and write to which the of coated with and to permanently. DOS The that the input and type of that allows to as as the of to three characters that to to of related of information records, or together Text of and of and to and instructions. of to characters that MS-DOS to Floppy Format To (or that information. Formatting and sectors and locations Graphics and other F-4
GW-BASIC Microsofts of the Instruction to easy to and The to permanently. It and than physical of such as or CPU. and Input/output (I/O) Interface physical or software to or (KB) to memory or One bytes. LCD The that displays characters the LT LED Light that when electricity through the lights the The LT F-5
(MB) to memory or One bytes. Memory The where Memory and (ROM) or temporary (RAM). of CPU that allows to telephone and The of that the and displays information. MS-DOS operating from Microsoft. DOS, The rechargeable the LT batteries. of that allow to its operations. The operating the and input and output-for MS-DOS. The type of interface that of Interface, to that the what to F-6
Parity to or To sections operating (such as or connected to that the its operation. physical input/output where peripheral. that instructions and what to and to Prompt displayed the that what action to RAM Random Access Memory. The of the memory to and while RAM when off the to or To from to another. when text the reads the from the and displays the Read/write head The physical that reads and records the of F-7
To operating or operating clears RAM. ROM Read Memory. of memory that and temporary ROM its when off the directory The top directory MS-DOS, (backslash). other of the directory. RS-232C widely-used, type of interface. You easily to the LT. Sector section of track that which the The procedures to its The type of interface that Interface, Software The that to the and functions Source The that reading or copying from or operation. Stop to the of character. F-8
Subdirectory directory or of that branches from another subdirectory or from the directory. Switch option to MS-DOS that redirects the the Switches the /S switch to FORMAT command, MS-DOS the operating the as of the to the functioning correctly. that the operating The that writing or copying to or operation. Tracks resembling the record, which to the areas. There each of 720KB and each of 360KB Wildcard character that unknown character or of characters. The wildcard character of characters, and the wildcard character character. To To from the write-protect switch +-inch or write-protect the notch the of -inch write-protected, or its F-9
to the LT Unpacking Connecting Turning On the Copying DISKCOPY A: B: Secondary Connecting the Charging the Battery the DIP Switches Loading MS-DOS clock
Please this to this and publications. Please the following. of this Technical of instructions Clarity of and Quality of of Address: Please and Thank EPSON Card MS-DOS Reference
EPSON America, Inc. CA PLACE STAMP HERE L1