EX3210/EX5210/EX7210
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The EX3210, EX5210, and EX7210 include these features: Bright, high-resolution to of (white light and light EX3210: Native of (SVGA) EX5210: Native of (XGA) EX7210: Native of (WXGA) Plug-and-play USB and PC shows connected USB memory HDMI or (EX5210/EX7210) Easy-to-use and features of ownership with correction ratio (EX5210/EX7210) closed captioning and Direct On and The EX5210/EX7210 shown this noted otherwise. Product
Additional Optional and Remote Remote AA USB VGA Carrying CD topic: to the to the following To with or purchase information. To You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI (EX5210/EX7210). or purchase information. To with from with or purchase information. topic: You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca offers the following optional and Option or (ELPLP67) V13H010L67 ELPAF32) V13H134A32
Option or DC-06 (ELPDC06) V12H321005 ELPDC10S DC-11 V12H377020 BrightLink interactive (IU-01) V12H415020 BrightLink interactive with RM Easiteach (IU-01) V12H415020RM AP-60 Sound V12H329020 ELPSP10 ELPSC80 ES1000 V12H002S4Y ES3000 Projection V12H002S3Y Universal mount ELPMBPJF ELPMBP01 plate ELPMBP02 ELPMBP03 to ELPMBC01 (ELPKC19) V12H005C19 VGA ELPKC02 VGA ELPKC09 VGA ELPKC10 security ELPSL01 Service Service EPPFTPA1 Service Service EPPFTPA2 Service Service EPPEXPA1 topic:
Warranty and Information Notations Used the Where to Additional Information with warranty that with the warranty that with offers Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or the Service using the CD or this www.epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic: Follow the these as followed to to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to where to Press the the or to to www.epson.com/support (U.S) or www.epson.ca/support and to technical hours If checking this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related references Where to
Locations the to learn about the topic: Introduction to cover
Rear lights (EX3210) cover (EX5210/EX7210) (EX5210/EX7210) Remote A/V foot Foot release A/V topic: Locations
USB USB HDMI (EX5210/EX7210) cover screw security AC input topic: Locations
Mounting foot Rear Security topic: Locations EX3210
Source Search (searches connected (selects and arrow buttons buttons and arrow button information) EX5210/EX7210
Source Search (searches connected (selects options) buttons, and arrow buttons buttons and arrow buttons information) topic: Locations Related Light
Remote
through through connected buttons numbers) and Aspect (selects the aspect (when switches buttons to function) Arrow buttons through options and wireless (selects options and wireless buttons and of the A/V off and sound) information) action) buttons (activates on-screen button and wireless (selects LAN USB through connected USB Source Search (searches connected topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the Remote the You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or mount. of around and the and top of or to that the the within of grounded outlet or cord. and Projection topic: the You or to the following
Rear Rear Wherever the to front of the of the If from the or from the rear, to the Projection option the topic:
Projection Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or EX3210 Aspect Ratio or Projection to inches to to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to EX5210 Aspect Ratio
or to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to EX7210 Aspect Ratio Screen or Projection to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to topic: You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that USB or HDMI (EX5210/EX7210). such as DVD players, and with If or includes sound, input necessary. shows without USB (such as or or optional If the High to the internal properly.
Connecting to Sources Connecting to USB and Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to USB Connecting to topic: the Related Product Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to USB and Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to USB Connecting to Sound topic: If the and to the through the USB (preferably USB the to USB the the USB to USB Turn the to USB
Connecting to VGA USB the other to USB of the following: Select the that appears to the USB software. XP as appear and the the USB software EPSON_PJ_UD and to the USB software. OS The USB appears Select USB and follow the instructions to the USB software. Follow on-screen instructions. You to this software the first the to the The displays the from and sound, topic: Connecting to Sources Related USB You the to VGA To that includes only DisplayPort or to that allows to to the VGA Apple options. If necessary, the VGA to
Connecting to HDMI and the other to the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Sound If HDMI to the optional HDMI (EX5210/EX7210). To that includes DisplayPort or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI
Connecting to USB Connecting to Sound HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If connected to USB or HDMI (EX5210/EX7210) the the to as wireless This from To this, the to USB connected already. the USB to USB USB the other to USB If necessary, to with USB topic: Connecting to Sources Related Remote If includes sound and the USB or HDMI (EX5210/EX7210) sound through the optional (with and RCA the to headphone or or or
Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDMI Source the other to the topic: Connecting to Computer Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the using optional HDMI (EX5210/EX7210). the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If to the using to with the to usually or If using these to the VGA to the If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related references Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the optional or A/V the with the yellow to yellow
Connecting to Source the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the using optional the to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to Source Sound Connecting to USB Devices USB Projection Related Connecting to Source Sound You sound through the the to the RCA the to the other of the to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Projection Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the topic: You and other without using or of these to USB or
Connecting USB or to the USB USB memory or USB-mounted You shows from connected USB or memory topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics You USB or to the USB and to and other If USB with the the USB (or USB or USB memory the USB shown USB USB or USB than or the correctly. the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB
Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the Connecting to Related topics You switch the to the connected to USB the connected USB turned necessary. Press the USB the Press the to through other USB topic: Connecting to USB Devices with connected USB or to the from the If the off and the Disconnect the USB or from the topic: Connecting to USB Devices You to USB to the You to to the instructions. the USB that with the the USB to the USB
the Remote USB the other of the to the USB topic: Related Optional and The the AA that with the the cover as shown. the with the and facing as shown.
the the cover and clicks topic: the To the cover, the A/V To cover the or temporarily turn off the and sound, the A/V cover closed. topic: the
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the Height the Focusing the the Remote Selecting Source Aspect Ratio the With the Projecting Turn the or to the the the cover.
the to the the The light This that the With Direct On turned the as as Press the the or the to the The and the light flashes as the about seconds, the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and If right the following: the cover the Turn the connected or
Turning the DVD or other and the necessary). Press the Source Search the or to the topic: Related turning off the to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness Press the the or the The displays shutdown Press the (To other The the off, and the light With technology, there cool-down the right
To or the the light flashing), then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing the cover.
Selecting the the the Height topic: If to the and another the Turn the Press the Select the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: If from or other and the too high or the height using the Turn the and
To the front foot, the foot release and the front of the The foot from the Release the to the foot. If the the to their height. If the to the topic: Related Related references
Correcting With the You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the correction corrects effects when the Correcting With the Correcting With the Correcting With Corner topic: You the correction to the of that the Turn the and You to the using the Press of these buttons to the
Press the to the The buttons and the EX3210. correction, slightly If the of reach, the the the topic: Related
Correcting With the Correcting With Corner You the to the of that such as when the to the of the Turn the and You to the using the the the correction, slightly topic: Shape Related references You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and You to the using the Press the
Select the and Select the and Select the Corner and You the Corner
the the arrow buttons the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary. finished, topic: You the the or the and buttons, the You to the the If the includes to or reduce the If the includes and buttons, the the to the Press the to reduce the EX5210/EX7210 EX3210 topic:
Focusing the the Turn the and You to the the To the the EX5210/EX7210 EX3210 topic: The the from anywhere the to You the or the front or back of the that the the receivers within the
the Remote as Wireless using the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the the Remote as Wireless the Remote as topic: Related the Remote You the as wireless from
the as the to the USB or HDMI (EX5210/EX7210) to If connected to the or HDMI USB to the USB and to USB wireless the following buttons the to To through or the or buttons. To the the the arrow buttons. To left-click, the once to To right-click, the To the as the with the arrow buttons, then release the topic: Related You the as to information The arrow, the
Selecting Source Press the the the arrow buttons the to the the Press to clear the from the topic: Related references If connected to the such as and DVD player, to switch from to the other. the connected to turned DVD or other and its necessary). of the following: Press the Source Search the or the from the
Press the the the If there than that the to through the and HDMI (EX5210/EX7210) USB and topic:
Projection the Projection the Remote the the the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and You the the or the Projection the Remote the the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and the A/V the seconds. The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds topic: Projection You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right the
Aspect Ratio Turn the and Press the Select the and Select the Projection and Select and Press or to the topic: Projection The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related references Quality
the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios You the aspect ratio of the displayed to Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the displayed and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input EX3210/EX5210 Aspect ratio (EX5210) Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Normal the and the aspect ratio of the the aspect Converts the aspect ratio of the to
Color the EX7210 Aspect ratio the aspect ratio to the input Normal the and the aspect ratio of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to the of the the aspect the of the and the aspect ratio of the Native as (aspect ratio and The aspect ratio HDMI topic: Aspect Ratio The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input using the the Turning On Iris topic: Related Quality You the the to the
Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary. Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input bright bright Theatre Sports bright displays Blackboard chalkboard the accordingly) Whiteboard whiteboard the accordingly) bright
Turning On Iris the With the topic: the Iris to the based the of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the Select the and Select the Iris and On You Iris or off each that the You the Iris when Closed Caption Press or to the topic: You the buttons the to the as with You the the (EX5210/EX7210). The buttons the internal You the each connected input
Supported Slideshow Turn the and that includes Press the buttons as to or the appears the To the to input the using the topic: Related You Slideshow whenever USB that This and easily and the Slideshow Starting topic: Related USB Related Connecting USB or to the You these of using the Slideshow that FAT16/32.
Starting type the the the the topic: Projecting USB to the switch to the USB input and You the Slideshow operation options or effects highlighting Option the of the and pressing Press the USB the The Slideshow appears. CMYK Highly
the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the button. To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and of the following to To the arrow buttons to highlight the and (Press the to to the To of the the arrow to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and If than characters or include the shortened or the While the following commands to the as necessary: To displayed the or arrow To to the or previous the or right arrow To the follow the on-screen instructions or the Slideshow topic:
Slideshow Related Disconnecting USB or From the You these options when using the Slideshow Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Sorts last-to-first On continuously through Screen Switching the to Seconds the selected and switches to the
with with using of topic: Starting
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the this using the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V You using the A/V the topic: Related
Action Temporarily and of You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the Press the the You crosshair the indicating the of the the following buttons the to the the arrow to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the to four
Security Security To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to of the the buttons the Security cabling to physically the Security the Security topic: You these of security shared On Protect from the without first Protect from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Selecting Security to the to topic: Security To security,
the the the Protect This about seconds. Press the arrow to and You the the Select and the the and the buttons to The displays as as Then the the You the accepted." Press to to the Protect of the and
Selecting Security to the topic: Security the Protect Select the security to If this the the seconds the appears. To unauthorized of the On Protect On and To to the or related Protect On and to the to the to the topic: Security If and On Protect to whenever the
You the to the the the while the the buttons. The If the incorrect, the following You and to the to proceed. If the incorrect three that the and the the off, and the from the Then the cord, the back and the to than and the
to displayed and of purchase information to to the If the incorrect the locked. You the to service. topic: Security You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily the A/V This the The as the photo, graphic, or which the to theft. You to the protection the to as the Press the the and Select the and You to the displayed as Select and You selection the arrow buttons the to surround the to as the and You to this
Select and (If to the selected and the You the factor Select and You to the as the Select and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the Select the and and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever the and to On To whenever the A/V A/V and to To from the without first and security. topic: Security
the Unlocking the You the buttons the to from using the You the buttons or the the button. Press the Select the and Select the and of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the You Select and Unlocking the topic: Security If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the
Security You of security the to theft. the security the back of the to Security from the security the to and to or heavy topic: Security Related Rear
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or You the the
Quality Press the or arrow buttons to through the the The each the right. The the input To the Press the or arrow to through the the the the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the the the of the input currently The the currently selected input
To input the connected and that the of the of Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the of the Varying the of to tones the Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of High the High tints the and tints the and
each the intensity of the Iris On the based the brightness when selected The Brightness brightness. To the brightness the topic: the Related Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input You the of the Tracking and the the
To input the connected and that On Automatically (when On) the input Normal the option Tracking Varying to Varying to or right the location the EX3210: whether to interlaced-to-progressive On Reduction (EX5210/EX7210) NR1 HDMI Normal the to match the of the (EX5210/EX7210) Expanded connected to the HDMI input On EX5210/EX7210: fast-moving graphics, and NR2
the type from input connected to RGB the type from the input connected to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- (EX5210/EX7210) the ratio to the or topic: the Related Aspect Ratios the features. height the selected input RGB corrects corrects
H/V to and Corner vertically) Varying the of the (EX3210) locking to the Three the of the buttons H/V manually and Corner to and using on-screen the buttons
Normal Selects the brightness of the ECO Varying the of the Remote reception of the selected receiver; Rear off receivers Assigns option to the the Info one-touch On to focusing and the and correcting to topic: the Related Correcting With Corner Front/Rear Closed Caption Normal brightness ECO reduces and and and
the that its operation. Selects options Background whether displayed the A/V Background selects the or to when whether appears when the A/V selects the or to when A/V turned
Closed Caption of closed and selects the closed CC1 Creates that the displays to and security Projection Selects the the the the oriented correctly Direct On Selects operation options Communication On Selects whether the following when the Communication or (off) CC2 Rear Rear Direct On the when Cover off the High of inactivity the off the the cover closed High the operating and the from
Information Info USB USB Selects the of the USB 21L Selects the and displays option) topic: the You information about the and input the Info the USB when to the USB to 21L allows to the USB the 21L
The hours the least hours. the input Information item the of hours the Normal and ECO the information displayed yellow, Source the of the to which the input connected the input of the input the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service technician information about that service the topic: the Related Optional and Specifications You of the to their the option the You the to when the using the Hours option.
You the following the option: Hours topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to Transporting the to its You to the and the and to the from overheating to The should the and If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. the as specifically this the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote topic: and Transporting the Clean the periodically, or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the and Cleaning the and To cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. to the or or the touching the with to or to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: The the clean, and its the If collects the or them as this clogs the to overheat to to the and to nothing the Cleaning the and the topic: Clean the or they or to them. Turn off the and the cord.
the Gently the using or (such as paintbrush). You the both of the or or to or the If to or the the topic: and You to the the following cleaning the to or The torn or You the while the mounted to the necessary. The the Turn off the and the cord.
the cover. the of the ABS resin and polyurethane of to regulations.
the the as shown and it clicks the cover. topic: and The of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing the the topic: Related Optional and Specifications
the Information Info the the cool least hour the Warning: the to You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour. the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. to
the and off. the screws the to the The screws the
the and the of the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the
the the If easily, facing the right Press the the assembly to
the and the screws to the cover and the screw to the securely or the
the the to to track of the topic: Related the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the Select the and Select Hours and You to the hours. Select and Press or to the topic:
the Remote Related the The AA or batteries. the as as they only the type of specified this of types, or and batteries. the as shown. the Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to injury.
the with the and facing as shown. the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related Remote
Transporting the The of which Follow these to or the the cover to the connected to the carrying to hand-carry the the or as carrying Then the firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and the
Projection Light the these sections the Light the or Sound or Remote Where to If the properly, try turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the operating. The this If of these technical topic: The lights the the and when the and of the lights and the
light light light light light and Normal operation. Flashing Warming to appear. or Flashing or the light the light
light light and Flashing Flashing too overheated and turned off. turned off to cool Flashing Light Flashing the to the Flashing or Turn the off, and light that the and with or the too If overheating or the that the and with or If operating the high High If overheating clean or the If the the and to the or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. If operating the high High If the the and
the or Sound light light and or flashing Flashing Flashing Turn the off, and If the lights the the off, and topic: Related Where to Related Cleaning the and the the You information to the Turn the Press the the or the You the the and arrow to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the topic: the these sections with or sound. light
Appears Appears Incorrect the USB Function Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect There Sound or topic: If appears, the following Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely and the the and connected Press the to from or connected or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the buttons locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when the the receivers turned with reduce the from from using off DirectX topic: or Sound Related Quality
Incorrect the USB Function Appears Related Unlocking the If appears or the appears incorrectly using the USB function, the following Press the USB the the USB the to USB With OS X, the USB the or from the Applications With reduce the from With off DirectX Turn off the layered the USB topic: or Sound Related references If the appears, the following Press the Source Search and seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound
From PC From "Not Supported" Appears If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the If the the and the to the or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Select the VGA or LCD option, necessary. Click the or Select the topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, topic: or Sound Related Supported
Appears the If appears, the following Press the the to the the the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the using the buttons, the to to to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related Supported If the the following the directly front of the of the facing squarely, If the height the the the to the Turn the the Corner to the topic: or Sound Related Related Correcting With the Correcting With the Correcting With Corner
the or Static the or Blurry If the to interference or the following the or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not connected to the the to they match the If the and Reduction Select that with the If from the the to the Tracking and If the the the Sharpness to If without to caused interference the topic: or Sound Related Related From PC From If the or the following the Clean the To the the from the to
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect the enough to the the the that the Turn the the Sharpness to If from the the to the tracking and If or the and manually the Tracking and topic: or Sound Related Quality Related Focusing the the Cleaning the If the too or light, or the incorrect, try the following Press the the to try the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the input the the securely connected to the and If connected If the incorrect from selected the If using the ECO selecting Normal the If the progressively to the topic: or Sound
There Sound or or Related Related Quality If there sound when or the too the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the the the and If hear sound from HDMI (EX5210/EX7210), the to PCM connected If the USB function, the from the the USB topic: or Sound the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to With the Remote to topic:
to or Shut-Off to With the Remote If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the buttons or the to the The the and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. to the If the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. the this light If the the the its and the turned the topic: or Related Light Related Unlocking the If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the operating the within the reception and of the to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If off of the receivers the or the receivers off.
to Where to If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with If the another from topic: or Remote Related Optional and Remote Operation If or the following You turned protection without first the If incorrect too and write the and If the from topic: or Operation If to technical services, the following www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM, through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM,
AM to PM, through and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or rear of the or of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications Supported USB of Poly-silicon TFT active EX3210 EX3210 reproduction (SVGA) EX5210 (XGA) EX7210 (WXGA) F=1.44 length: EX5210/EX7210 F=1.58 to length: to
Brightness Normal ratio with Normal EX3210 EX3210 Projection rear, ceiling-mounted aspect ratio EX3210/EX5210 (width-to-height) EX3210 White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO to inches to EX5210 to inches to EX7210 to inches to to inches to EX5210 to inches to EX7210 to inches to EX7210 EX5210/EX7210
Specifications ratio EX3210 (Tele-to-Wide) sound (Normal correction USB USB and USB or USB One USB and USB input or topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) Normal Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications EX5210/EX7210 (ECO to about hours ECO to about hours
Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Reception feet or AA topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches inches topic: Technical Specifications Rated to VAC to V) Normal to V) Normal to ECO (Communication On) ECO (Communication (Communication On)
Specifications and Specifications topic: Specifications to to (relative, to to to topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the However, includes that other resized to automatically. or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh RGB) to to to with High UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Refresh VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ (EX5210/EX7210)/85 SXGA (EX5210/EX7210) SXGA+ (EX5210/EX7210) UXGA (EX5210/EX7210) WSXGA+* (EX7210) WUXGA (Reduced MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" TV (NTSC) TV (PAL) TV (SECAM) (EX5210/EX7210) (EX5210/EX7210) (EX5210/EX7210)/85 (EX5210/EX7210) (EX5210/EX7210)/85 (EX5210/EX7210)
USB Refresh SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI input (EX5210/EX7210) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV topic: Technical Specifications the to the USB software.
(Service only) OS or XP Professional, Edition, and PC Edition Service and Professional, and and and CPU III or PC G4 or or recommended) or recommended) Memory 256MB or (512MB or 512MB or recommended) 20MB or and or topic: Technical Specifications Related Connecting to USB and
Notices Recycling Information Instructions these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products topic: Notices the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light
the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted should technicians using mounting with this or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the or of heat. the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the outlet where the easily the following when the the with the outlet with the the the when the to the when disconnecting to with these fire or shock. outlets, cords, or the This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of which the If the least inches of the and the the closed-in provided. of through the of the If using or least of the to allow
You to the and or to cool the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or it to or or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. the where to or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to to Doing and to the of the of to to or sunlight of Doing to the that become warped or heat the or to the while the its turned off, the disconnected from the and disconnected. to the immediately the turn off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely.
FCC the or to the of such as candle, or the the using or other than the cover. This the or fire. the cord. heavy top of the or or it excessively. the from If the the to contained the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from when the cover. The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the WARNING The included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) topic: Notices United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or
Copyright Notice WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes topic: Notices and Corner and of Corporation. and TM TM and BrightLink TM and SM and SM service of Inc. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise,
Copyright Attribution without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Inc. CPD-34717 topic: Copyright Notice