P-6000
photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, this of this information as to other products. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. This protected property rights of Microsoft. or of such of this prohibited without from Microsoft. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. and and of Corporation. QuickTime and the QuickTime or of Apple, Inc., CompactFlash of Corporation. SD of SD Card. activity and/or obtained from MPEG LA to MPEG-4 or other Additional This the MPEG-4 the and of with the MPEG-4 (MPEG-4 and/or MPEG-4 that and information including that relating to internal and and licensing obtained from MPEG LA, L.L.C.
to AVC or other Additional information from MPEG LA, L.L.C. This the AVC the and of to with the AVC (AVC and/or AVC that and activity and/or obtained from www.mpegla.com) Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those MPEG from IIS and Thomson. This information to without Inc. NPD
This information and instructions the features, including troubleshooting the With the P-6000 and wherever displayed 4-inch LCD and Introduction information and the operation of and follow the Instructions Please follow these to to to injury. Warning: 4-inch LCD with RGB MP3 and AAC with playlists JPEG and RAW (including MPEG4 and Motion JPEG 80GB If using Where To includes P-6000/P-7000 with the reference. CompactFlash and SD memory to TV or Software and USB interface PC or Direct to PictBridge Lithium-ion and AC
Started Chapter USB A/V USB CF CompactFlash Memory light SD Headphone covers AC Battery cover BATT. with function switch Strap (LCD) Started
Press to or the Press to or or the buttons or Lights and Press to Press to option, or or or OK or the to Flashes and Activity light and to to Press to or photo from to Press to the or information charging; Charge light selection or to Press to the or item Started
the and to the clicks. the to the right to The with lithium-ion battery. the Battery the battery, to charge the when the off, and when the AC It about hours to the Charging the Battery the the the of the arrow the battery. charged. the battery the light Charge The light while the off. Started
If to the of should the battery. the AC connected to the the turned off the Battery below. the other to the and To charge the battery, the AC as shown the while the turned Doing to or the release to the The the cover. the AC when the this the Turn off the disconnecting the AC The displayed the top right of the LCD when the Charging the cools The become when the operated Battery about Battery charged. Battery Battery Started
the switch as shown below, then release The activity light flashes then off. Turning On the the battery. Then the cover. The first the the the and Activity light If the battery, the and about The the the and displayed. Started
finish, highlight Complete and OK You the If the battery, the and the and displayed. about The the the Then follow the instructions If the instead (as shown the the already selected. To or the and and or Press OK to English You about the You the buttons the This allows to the or and with headphones without the buttons. To the buttons, the switch to the Press OK You the and To the buttons, the switch back to the Press right or the to highlight to change. Press or the to the (such as the the the Started
and backed from memory or USB the and that Indicates that the buttons locked. the Function Battery appears. operations from this Whenever the the CF SD the memory or the to the Copying From Memory Card Memory Card to from the and that the With USB Devices Copy to or from USB USB and to the and Indicates that memory the CompactFlash CF Indicates that memory the SD SD Indicates the charge the battery. Charging the Battery Battery The following the Function Started
power-saving below. You the using the of the of the power-saving information. The LCD screen of inactivity. Press to turn off the the memory below, and seconds the activity light off. Then the switch as shown light flashes and the off. Turning the Memory light The off of inactivity. the switch to turn back the AC connected, the three of inactivity instead of turning off. The LCD off of inactivity. Press to Activity light To the Selecting Screen Started
With CompactFlash the memory below the CF Card Memory Cards Chapter CompactFlash or cards, and SD The memory and cards. Memory PRO Card follow instructions included with memory Card Memory Card Memory RS-MMC Card Memory PRO The the following of memory cards: This chapter to and memory and to and and Memory Cards or memory cards. The off, the from and the using or sunlight, or that or while the memory light flashing. Doing memory or or the to or CompactFlash and 3.3V) to 2GB) to 4GB) SDHC to 32GB) Memory Cards
To from the CF Card first the memory light off. Then the and the If the sticking it once to then to the CompactFlash other of cards, as and Memory Cards You and 3.3V CompactFlash or the CF Card If Then the memory the the the memory the with the facing the CF Card If CompactFlash the the and the the If CompactFlash the from the the memory memory the the and Memory Cards
To from the SD Card first the memory light off. Then the top of the the memory the as shown below. Then the memory the the You SDHC, or the SD Card the SD Card the of the memory the the and Memory Cards
If to the Creating New and Copying The to that created the the The to the and the selected, 03292008M.001 numbered the they copied. memory the and what to with them, or the the to the If the copying completed. the AC when copying Copying From Memory Card the thumbnail of the The the memory copying To the the then OK Press OK to the and the If the Memory Card automatically, Memory Card the then OK You the following memory Copying Select CF Memory Card or SD Memory Card Then OK Memory Cards
Select Select and Copy then OK Checkboxes appear each thumbnail Checkbox You selected directly from memory to or existing or If the Memory Card automatically, Memory Card the then OK Copying Selected memory To the to and Copy/Move Select Copy this then with the or to highlight each to The selected items with to then the To and and choose Select finished selecting OK the Memory Card CF Memory Card or SD Memory Card Press the to the Press OK The the memory appear thumbnail Select Copy/Move then OK Memory Cards
New and OK the appears with the as the the You and to from memory USB or from To items to follow the the section. Creating New and Copying To the items the selected OK items copied. section to the and To the items highlight New and OK Then the the items. then right the to the to highlight or of the following: instead of them the of Its to them (such as or To the highlight and OK to the You the or Memory Cards
to clear the Then using the or (highlight each character and To the (backspace) OK to To the or backward, the or buttons. the highlight and OK to the To the highlight and OK To switch and lowercase, To the input, To Memory Cards
and Chapter to and and from memory or them This chapter TV or Indicates or The following the that appear the the Indicates that the as the Indicates with rating information Indicates with sound Indicates Indicates Indicates and
and respectively of that played back, or played back completely, shown or displayed with displayed. If to this Press the to of the options currently These options what with the the or with that characters as and with the of that backed the The following the photo with the specified rating Function You the the while and
The following the or to the to HOME Function photo the sound recorded with Sound Playback or or Copy/Move Function Enhanced or or Copy/Move or or rotates from the of the from the or Sort Function or or rotates the or Sort background or the Selects to as Wallpaper and Prints the currently displayed as the thumbnail as This the the of the as options and LCD brightness, the and or off, and to Creates from the as and
or of photographic them You the from memory information. the or to or options and LCD brightness, the and or off, and to to the to HOME Function aspect JPEG or Supported Select the containing the to then OK Press OK JPEG the header of RAW displayed. DNG the the JPEG the TIFF and JPEG supported. RAW and
To the to to To the to the You RAW and JPEG to You this: To to OK when full-screen to the to then OK displayed. the to the the to the or without the To to the full-screen To around the to To to the sound the and Playback If sound (WAV Sound the or to the to then OK The selected to the and
To the and preview, third You information, histogram, and and preview. To the and full-screen the To information, and histogram, Information brightest of the shows of and and tone The the and highlight the shows of white. To to the and
You as and effects, and background Press the to the Select to as as or You and backlighting, the they and low-contrast with Enhanced Enhanced affects the shown and the and the The this Select and OK The To the full-screen and Enhanced You previous photo Enhanced the or to the or To to To the effects, and while the and
that information rotated the You manually and Select the then the to the Select of the following, then OK and the as noted. LCD Brightness: Choose from selections or playlist that created. buttons to the while the Music: Choose from three You the or the and Duration: Choose the from to seconds. the to highlight each to to The selected items with and Select Right to the clockwise, or to counterclockwise.Then OK You displayed with white checkboxes. Select then OK effects, Enhanced or choose to through without Effects: Choose from to HOME: the and to the To displayed full-screen, then and OK Then Right or and OK To other the right or the You off the Press OK to the You options selecting the and
fps: fps: AAC-LC, PCM, IMA ADPCM, MS ADPCM, G.722, G.726 QT LPCM, ADPCM, ADPCM, MS IMA (Advanced MPEG-4 The from to with to 2GB. fps: fps: fps: QVGA IMA ADPCM, MS ADPCM, G.711, PCM, G.722, G.726 QT LPCM, ADPCM, ADPCM, MS IMA Motion JPEG fps: fps: fps: QVGA IMA ADPCM, G.711, PCM, MS ADPCM, G.722, G.726 QT LPCM, ADPCM, ADPCM, MS IMA MPEG fps: AAC-LC fps: PCM, QT LPCM H.264/AVC H.264/AVC Profile and
displays the the to the LCD without You the selecting or from the the aspect the or to the to then OK fps: fps: AAC-LC, PCM, IMA ADPCM, MS ADPCM, G.722, G.726 QT LPCM, ADPCM, ADPCM, MS IMA (Advanced MPEG-4 To the the or the or buttons Press repeatedly to increase the (This function with such as To or fast-forward, or right the To the and to the previous To or the OK. and from You directly from memory as Copying From Memory Card as Copying From to the fps: fps: QT LPCM AAC-LC, H.264/AVC Profile playback seconds the the from the The remembers where than If to then from the or to or then OK Select the containing the to then OK and
increased and to than (the Select of the following: You the Press to information including and To information about the and to with the and brightness to the of the LCD and Press OK to to the TV brightness, and of You choose from to the the You AV to RCA stores. You the to TV or and and shows. the three RCA to the and IN TV or While the to the Select then OK and
the or to or displays their the You switch DSC displays the the to the A/V the of the the TV or to input from the You of the to shows, and TV or The LCD off. Press the then OK Select or DSC then OK Press OK TVs the top and or the of the This of high You to the to match TV and
WMA and WAV to M4A necessary; and Conversion when they You specify instructions. them the You playlists the software or using the You from and Chapter the AC to the and the included USB to the to Turn the and software, following the instructions P-6000/P-7000 the This chapter to and and to the Copying From If to from CD, first to software to the and artist copying software You this the to MP3 or M4A CD the playlist necessary.
the ID3 information these items appear as unknown. The to them of ID3 to If and to the arrow the of the to the to Click the the the then to to the to the Double-click the Click the then the to from The LCD off. right of and the or or Then the USB or Right-click the and the to the then the USB the finished, the from If the to the OK. from displayed memory then OK to Music. If to from
Select the the or then OK top of the or through the built-in You headphones to the The to It the following without copyright protection and with of 200MB: Supported to AAC (MPEG4) to to to to MP3 (MPEG2- (MPEG2.5- MP3 To from previously played track, then OK OK Select then If the to the OK and The M4A and WMA played, the supported. to to MP3 (MPEG1-
Select the the then OK. Select to then right the You the following while to or To the the or the or buttons. OK To or and its the Select to include items the You search selecting of the Track (If to the To to the previous (without the To back or or right the Press and to or fast-forward. To information about the such as and Track Creating Playlist Track (to from Track Track
playlist or Creating the You playlists the software, or the Follow the below to the to as Creating First or Normal to the playback then the and OK the following items the Music, the or then OK and to the Double-click the the right corner. Click the Click the of the Normal repeatedly One repeatedly category once repeatedly Select... To
The on-screen appears, with Playlist001 as the Select the to If to the from or the or Click the arrow the of the to the to playlist. the playlist. to clear the Then To the (backspace) the or (highlight each character and OK to OK To this highlight and created playlists, the the right of the to rearrange the and the Music, the to the You and playlists the Creating the OK To the highlight and To the or backward, the or buttons. To switch and lowercase, To the input, To Select New then OK Select to then OK
Select playlist Music, then highlight track to each to the then OK and the Press and OK Tracks From The selected with Select the the playlist the and the the then OK If to the displayed, and Select The from the playlist, from the Press then Select playlist then OK the of Select to To playlist, Music, this then OK of Music, then selected the OK Tracks to Existing Press or the to the within the playlist. tracks. finished, through to the of the where OK Select the the playlist the and then OK the Select the to to, and OK Select to Playlist then OK
the of each using the then OK You to with headphones to hear the of the From the Music, the to the You the to from type or of own. Select the Select to using the and the Once selected the to OK You Music, the to the Select To Custom and OK the and OK Normal Select then OK
the included USB to the to and from to the You You back from the to to and from USB Chapter This chapter to with the and and them the and other Copying To and From the the then to to the to the Although the as software. The LCD off. You the software to back from software, following the instructions P-6000/P-7000 to the the the to and from the AC to the and Then the and
If that found to the To manually, the the the of the then the of the that already the connected to USB to the USB the the of the from or the become You back to or manually. the as to the the of the to and If to the location or turn off the Conversion Preferences the to the or to the Double-click the from the to instructions, the You or to the right of the If confirmation displayed, whether to or the the
and the follow these finished to Disconnecting the From of the following: to the instructions copying Copying From Computer You and from WMV to MP4 when they and that 2GB Copying From to the right of and the or or or Right the Macintosh: and the to the the USB from the USB from the to the Double-click the the to as If to and Conversion Preferences arrow the of the Select the to the The to the then the the information, the You and them the right of the or the type of to
The appears. You the to the where from the from to the You the the and Conversion Preferences to the Double-click the the right of the Click the
XP or or If to the where backed The the or Macintosh). finished, OK backed the back manually, as Copy to the You If to from the If to the the arrow to Normal the information about and the the right of the You memory or other USB to and to or from the The that with the USB including: the With USB If to specify the the arrow to Normal the only). Selecting Custom allows to the and Choose higher or reduced rates than or Select Normal High Quality High Custom or Conversion Memory memory Select Normal High Quality High or Custom and Choose higher Selecting Custom allows to specify the or reduced
USB the to the or to To malfunction, both USB the the Turn the and the USB necessary. Copying to the AC to the of USB the AC to the and If USB without the USB supported, and USB of Connecting USB USB then OK You the USB On the the to highlight to the and the other to the USB If the USB of the the the the USB the of the the cover the of the to USB OK Select then
To the items the selected OK items copied. then right the to the to highlight or finished selecting OK of the following: that created the then OK The to To USB to the the screen 03292008M.001 You the selecting and The to the numbered the they copied. of the following: instead of them the of Its to them (such as or with to the New and OK Then To the items highlight and the items. To selected USB the USB then OK You displayed to the copied, then the USB to The selected the to highlight each to items displayed with then the Press the to the Select and Copy then OK white checkboxes appear each thumbnail with the below. Select Copy/Move, then OK
Select Copy You the or selected from the to USB If USB AC the and Copying to USB Follow the instructions to the USB OK Press then while the copied. Copying Selected to USB You or to This the of the Follow the instructions to the USB On the the or to highlight USB then OK the USB to USB then OK to USB Select the or to
the to highlight USB then right the to to the and Creating New and Copying To the items highlight New and OK Then the items. Select to the items then OK items copied. of the following: Press the the the as the or to highlight each to The selected items with to then the Select and Copy OK Select then displayed with white checkboxes. Copy/Move OK Select then as the they the You and that other people the Press the then OK the to OK finished selecting
You displayed: then OK You the to The selected items the to highlight each to as and with Once selected the to as OK If the the then OK If the the OK and instructions To and and Select then OK To To the as as Select and OK Select to as then the
To the highlight and OK the then OK To switch and lowercase, To Select then OK You the the to Press then OK cant to thumbnail as shown below, and highlight the or to or Copying and to Highlight Press the then Copy/Move To the or backward, the or the (backspace) to clear the Then using the OK (highlight each character and to To the input,
the to to or the items to. To or the items the selected OK items or within the selected highlight New and OK Then Creating New and Copying to To or the items the and or the items. of the following: or and Copy/Move Copy this or this then with To or the to To to another and then OK To to another Select and Copy then OK of the following: instead of them the Its to or them of (such as or item to or then to The selected items displayed with the or to highlight each To and and choose Select software the the right of You and from the using the and as below. To the the Press then OK and Select or to Press OK
If full-screen photo, and to Checkboxes appear each Checkbox the (To to right or Select then OK You and OK or the the appears, then OK To and and Select then OK to The the or to highlight each or selected items displayed with to and Press OK
then to If full-screen photo, Press OK to the or You selected or they or rotated. or locked, the displayed. Press the to the and Select or to to pressing right or the Select or Unlock then OK You To and OK or the Select then and OK Checkboxes appear each thumbnail Checkbox The the or off the to The selected items the to highlight each or to and displayed with To and and Select then OK
the the AC and inactive the as when You to as The If to the the If to the effects, Selecting Press then Wallpaper and then OK or Wallpaper You as the or wallpaper the Select the to Select then to the To the Dont as Select as then OK to their You from to This Select as or as Wallpaper of HOME then OK to when the USB following the instructions P-6000/P-7000 You from Photoshop the the AC to the and Then the and the of rated to the software to the rating information. You then rated applications. to or the To or the to increase the rating to then the
the included USB to the to On the the to highlight USB then OK the USB USB automatically. finished, the USB from the and
Connecting the to You or the to PictBridge-compatible such as the R380, R1900 and R2400. Chapter the AC to the then the of the USB to the USB the or to to the USB the which EXT. I/F and the following of Where To the to the information Turn the about
Select the using the or then OK Selecting the other of the to the USB the Select Custom then OK Disconnect the USB from the when operating with or Select the to using the then OK
effects. If with the OK the of the retouching Select of the Select to then OK with You the with the below to To photo then OK You the of the following: Select the to the then OK You the with the to photo. To without retouching photo, then OK If the selected the to You without the of the or as necessary. of the following:
that created the PRINT the and the selected, The retouched the The to 03292008M.001 To to the Additional or Custom then through as necessary. the of the retouching effects. with the the finished retouching the section to Select of the following the or then OK finished the highlight OK and OK to to the Additions To the Additions to their OK to then Aspect to or aspect ratio with the to to without Aspect to manually the aspect ratio finished then OK To OK or Processing then OK of the following:
Aspect the to the top to the and right of the and of then the While photo, the to the the aspect the of the or the You that created the PRINT the and the selected, the The to The 03292008M.001 finished the OK and of the following: Additional then To to the To the OK then OK To or the then the To or right the to to the the then the the and to and reduce the Crop the following buttons: Select with the finished photo, the below to To the the Aspect the to the
To the background and the and as necessary. to as to finished the OK and of the following: Select the that the or then OK You of Selecting Additional then to To to the The to the and that created the PRINT the The with the the selected, 03292008M.001 To the OK then OK the following buttons to the the If would to the as template creating when the then OK finished selecting OK the or buttons to and reduce to the photo To or the then the To or the to to the right the then the the to the the
You of that previously retouched, cropped, and selected Select of Custom then OK Select the the or then OK of the AC connected to the If the cant the the and and then to On the the to the following the when the photo If information, the the include Choose the the the of of Prints Select the to the then OK Follow the the previous section to photo. Choose High or finished selecting then OK of Automatically the when Choose type of the
Follow the to You containing of the the Select the using the or then OK You without retouching or then OK the the or then OK Select then OK Select the type of to then OK Select the that the to then OK then the of to Select the to the the and buttons. Select using the then OK Select the that the to then OK finished selecting OK
Select New then OK To and choose Select JPEG Select RAW or Select then OK to the or to highlight each The selected items displayed with to then the the text using the or (highlight each character and OK to To the or backward, the or buttons. Follow the to You copyright to when them from the You to three text or graphic finished selecting OK Creating highlight and OK To the highlight and OK To switch and lowercase, To the input, To Select the using the or then OK Select then OK Creating with Text
Photoshop. The than You assign PNG created and than 10MB the appears, OK Select the then OK as the appears, then OK to the as Copy to the Select the the then OK
Information You copying the sounds, and other Chapter the Capacity to the the and memory that the The and the following options to the firmware of the the and to to the firmware On the and OK You this to The the or to and of the this chapter.
the following options to the displays to NTSC or PAL the type of TV or connected to the included the the that the photo. to information to whether the inactivity. You or Backlight to when the LCD the following options to the information the Select or to the appear as boxes with Unsupported to whether the If or inactivity the AC connected). You to the features of the to when the inactivity. If the AC connected to the off to when the off instead. You or to when the LCD off inactivity. You or RAW
continuously. Playback Continuously to the once or to or Stop of to the of You or these options played the these options to the operations: to what backed Select to or New to only these options to effects, and background shows. These the features of to the brightness, and of copied. Select backed to that Confirm to each to clear them. to clear the from their location action to without to what the successfully. Select copying them, or theyre copied. sounds to when the finishes Complete Sound to of to choose background the You of three or playlist that created. Clock to choose whether to the the of the Duration to choose the You from to seconds. Effects to choose of effects.
If the battery, the and about this to the and necessary. Format to the of the with M, D, or to the shown the created to the selected selected when the copied. the Year Month Hour and and to turn or off sounds the when the buttons. these options to the and and to to or off sounds the when Sound choose of to the and the or the or You the when or buttons. or LCD Brightness to the brightness of the these options to the LCD and the displays LCD Custom to the and of the LCD. LCD
and Troubleshooting Chapter This chapter to clean the and appear the LCD. to the following to and or the memory and the memory light off, then to Turn off the and the AC cleaning. Follow these to clean the clean, cloth to clean. or cleaners. Cleaning the and as Where To the to the to copied. the and try from the memory occurred the with the or There as FAT32. and Troubleshooting
the information this section to and and The and correctly. the the USB connected to PictBridge-compatible. Turn off the and Please the from the the top right of the LCD, appears the Charging the Battery the The the correctly. the Battery The correctly. What to the Press the The Charge the battery. Charging the Battery the switch to turn the back the Battery The to replaced. The off to and Troubleshooting
TVs of the This of high the top and or the The clearly or abruptly. off or to TV and the connected the type. Supported appears as If appear or The supported. What to The displayed. the Supported The of the too high. Sound off when the or played. What to What to Supported or Supported The or supported. the LCD brightness. LCD The LCD too Copy the The corrupted. the Supported or The of the too high. to Press to the The turned off If connected the to TV or the LCD off. and Troubleshooting
its If the USB the AC to the You from USB What to You Supported or Supported the The of the supported. sound when played. What to and Unlock the and then and and The locked. the switch back to the You the buttons the What to The buttons deactivated because the switch to the of to from the Information or reduce the memory What to You or to of the the the There enough memory then to to If the the The incorrect. You as What to completely. the or Trash (Macintosh) If connected the to to the software, or and to clear increase, The though and Troubleshooting
If to the software, follow the below or Macintosh. Uninstalling Software The supported. supported. What to You then EPSON Select or to or then Click the appears, when the Account Allow and Connecting the to the The USB connected correctly. the the JPEG or You JPEG Turn the The off. the firmware. You the firmware the from Instructions the the and and Troubleshooting
the of the to the USB If the or to its the If to that the The off, to its and back On the software Uninstall. to Double-click the P-6000 Double-click the software the to Select Custom Select and Troubleshooting
please the following information ready: Product (located the of the to Product P-6000) You purchase lithium-ion (B32B818262) from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca the Battery of purchase (such as and of purchase U.S.: to AM PM through of the Then with You software and and troubleshooting or to with these technical services: Where To to AM PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. and Troubleshooting
Notices and Specifications G4 or higher or 150MB free (1GB or recommended), 2GB SVGA or To software, should OS to At least 512MB RAM USB type XP, XP Professional Edition, or Microsoft Professional (SP3 or III or recommended) Microsoft PC with To software, should 100MB free (1GB or recommended), 2GB operation SVGA or higher At least 256MB RAM USB type Notices and Specifications
the Although the the the to rough instructed to the force the or the the Read these instructions the and this reference. Follow and instructions the and Instructions the the and off immediately. the and the AC from the then the AC from the If the or strongly the that headphones while operating vehicle sound. wearing headphones, or activity that to hear headphones high as this hearing or recovering It strongly recommended that the internal and the from or the the or to to only AC A351H and lithium-ion D111A with this Follow and instructions this which to the the upright as and with the of the both connected the connecting the to or other Each only the Notices and Specifications
the that with the other To short-circuiting, the of the battery. AC A351H and the G961A/G961B) to charge To fire or shock, the with or other covering that off shock. the thunderstorm. such as or If the where the of follow instructions those the with or that or the to or high humidity. the near or fire or or short-circuit the battery. To fire or the where or incorrect type. the specified only. of There of the the to the instructions. To fire or shock, the or its options to or the Battery the or locations. charge the the as they or short-circuit the vehicle to the from overheating. from heat lithium-ion the to the instructions this immediately the affected thoroughly with If or and treatment. If treatment immediately. Notices and Specifications
of the battery, completely. to securely cover the of the with to combustion or when Warning: or of the fire. of the Battery that short-circuit such as or the from with wires or terminals directly to the battery. the or other such as of as ordinary Instead, of them or with the RBRC. ready to of the battery, the RBRC This that the users the U.S. and Charge the the from the and If overheating, or from they or the Battery with that and supply directly from the type of indicated the AC the the AC outlet where the easily the AC this the from the and where the or high. of reach. Notices and Specifications
switches or timers. or to the AC yourself. outlets the as or other that fluctuations. or AC The AC and with the to them with other specified. the AC from this operations the AC operations The AC included with the of other fire, shock, or injury. outlets the as or that switch and off. the or the AC To fire or shock, cover the AC with or covering. the that or the AC when the the AC A351H with the specifications indicated the attached to the the that the If of the supply or agency. The should to and other the straight the and the where it the If the the the of the outlet the If with the the cords the of the Notices and Specifications
If the the LCD the and or thorough them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If flushing, immediately. only cloth to the or cleaners. The using memory to type. the included with memory the AC from the only memory the specifications. Memory Card the location to high or humidity. or Transporting the the the bright or These and The LCD the that LCD memory or turn off the while the memory light the LCD the location to sunlight or light cleaning cloth cleaning and the from the outlet or cleaners. the location to or humidity. If the LCD the Notices and Specifications
CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR22 Class FCC Class EMC: and P-6000 the or its options or the the or its normally or performance. the or its options the battery, the and servicing to service the following The or CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR22 Class EMC: CSA C22.2 AC A351H) UL60950 Safety: Battery D111A) UL2054 Safety: WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other Health with and following) Notices and Specifications
including SD memory SD CompactFlash memory 3.3V, High-Capacity Card, Card, Card Memory CF to other memory Non-operating: or feet or Approx. Colors: inches LCD Specifications hours when (MP3, hours when (MPEG4, hours when headphones) using headphones) Lithium-ion D111A) AC A351H) (when Battery inch HDD, 80GB, (73.8GB FAT32 HDD inches inches Depth: inches Width: including and (without weight the memory used, the of and other factors. to C) Non-operating: to F to C) to F (or to Non-operating: to (without Notices and Specifications
Rechargeable lithium-ion inches (H D) V, D111A Battery (when the AC (when the battery) Rated DC AC to V, to to the cool when to F to C) A351H AC interfaces, and High-Speed USB Class) USB ( A/V Interface DC V, One CompactFlash or memory CF Card to other of memory CF ( Headphone One SD memory or SD Card Notices and Specifications
Lithium-ion battery, D111A B32B818262 Product B32B818281 Product Optional Notices and Specifications