rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorised repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and 3LCD of Corporation. and and service of America, Inc. This function with the of and the of This function with the of the Theater DTS and DTS DIGITAL OUT of Theater Inc. and DNX of Inc. The DVD Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-20183
Introduction lightweight that high-quality, anywhere than and DVD, or 80-inch the of offers these features: 80-inch to (or from to from the DVD of with aspect ratio to ANSI of brightness, enough JVC DVD with and DTS JVC with sound Long-life to hours of Two-year service warranty and Warranty The with two-year carry-in warranty. who their offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or usually overnight Service To the that with and to products, and service. the shown below: cover includes 80-inch the following optional and Product (ELPLP33) V13H010L33 V13H134A09 (ELPAF09) You purchase of these from or the SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Remote AA
input Remote Press to input Headphone Remote input cover switch the and the immediately or while becomes
buttons Source buttons Break On/Off cover On
Remote buttons DVD butons Remote light- Function/numerics switch DVD buttons buttons
the the Remote the and the cover. the as shown. the cover. If the or the batteries. ready to when the bright or sunlight.
this More Information of services hours this to or information and to If the service. and the PIN the that with to or malfunction. information and helpful hints. only of These the of
You the following these four easy front of the or the and the switch. the DVD. and
Projection and to the the The further from the the the becomes. You than the of the You the of the vertically and using the as Connecting the and turning the ON the cover. the that to the If to the the distorted. Turn the switch. The light and the light switch
and Press to the sounds and the You the the the with the facing Press to the the automatically, and It seconds the to and brightness. To to back. The You the displayed: high the High to On. instructions. The playback Chapter Track playback Track Track
the and sound the and sound as follows: the of the the To increase the towards [W]. the You the of the and right, using the The of shown the (when the centered) The obtained when both the and of the centered. To the turn [T]. the the the right The shifted the and shifting the amount to the or right, the of the to of the height of the the amount or the the of the to of the of the the the centered.
Press Things to when to off the back when the following The from the to off the and to the back If the switch turned off. or playback. The from which playback slightly from where The and with the It that the when the displayed. To playback, Turning off the the from the Press If the the off and the light flashes cool- appears the the DVD The to that cool-down completed. Turn off the switch. If only to off the electricity. the cover. the cover when the to the from and off the or the as this reduce the of the The light flashes to that the internal cooling function (cool- The buttons the and the when cool-down (approximately seconds).
Operations Playback From operations the the If the the the switch to the [Function] Press playback. On the To playback, Press to the following when from the of the You the searching/forward searching Press or playback. There of reverse/forward search that each the buttons pressed. Press to to playback. On the or The reverse/forward search from to search, sound forward/reverse search, sound intermittently. slideshow.
the switch to the [Function] Replaying Press playback. replays the seconds. Press or playback. Press once to to the of the chapter or played. this, playback to the of the chapter/track each Advancing Press playback. advanced each Press to to playback. the type of this operation You to the chapter. You operations playback. You only operations with the PBC (playback function off. You the buttons to playback. the operations
motion Press the where to motion playback. The Press There of that each motion review, There of that each Press to to playback. Sound slow-motion back. with The function to or around the the and the light the lights the Press playback. The while the flashes the right of the The about about the switches off. Press to to the pressed. If the switched off, to switch the back Operations when the displayed. of the following buttons, and the function of the Selecting You that with the brightness and other of Press The currently selected played the Press repeatedly the appears. seconds, the and the theater or theater the operates and tones. Temporarily the Press playback. Sound from the head- and the The and playback Press to to playback. The restored when the tor switched bright with the closed. with the closed and the lights completely
Advanced Operations the of the the switch to the [Function] Press the brightness of the and the the as shown below. DIMMER AUTO the this function when DIMMER AUTO It to DIMMER OFF. the brightness pressed. Once the brightness the switch turned off. The brightness increases. The brightness and when or
DVD or both of the following of Top titles and recorded, the top them. You to chapters and playback such as and Press or playback or when Press to the item to You the title or chapter directly the buttons. the buttons the function/numerics switch to the Then the as follows: Press Once finished numbers, the function/numerics switch back to the [Function] If recorded, these operations the automatically, pressed. Advanced Operations
PBC (playback CD with PBC (playback displayed. You the or information to from this CD that includes PBC. Select the item to the buttons. To turn to the previous/next of the Press when the displayed. To the playback: Press repeatedly the displayed. pressed, the back To without using the (playback without PBC): the specify the track that to the buttons. the stopped, the using then To the when back without PBC: Press or to playback, The following type of displayed. instructions using the buttons, The selected played.
MP3/WMA and JPEG the switch to the [Function] that both MP3/WMA and JPEG the following of group/track Press to the group. Press to the to the Press to the to the Press to the track. You the selection using Press or to playback. playback from the selected (slideshow playback). the selected played. slideshow playback, each You the with the seconds, then the displayed. Once of completed, the slideshow automatically. this back which of (MP3/ WMA and JPEG the type to played from the Advanced Operations
the switch to the [Function] To MP3/WMA Once selection and the and the off the played. Press to the back Once the turned off and when the flashing the back the To playback Press or when Press Track OFF displayed displayed *MP3/WMA MP3/WMA recorded the and Repeats the chosen when selected Repeats or OFF displayed displayed the as shown the Track Track Track Track
Notes the recording and the characteristics of the that the or that reading the The to the of or recorded the The of the group/track and the displayed PC MP3 that playback from the the It to containing MP3 The displayed playback there when displayed, once playback It that that processed, edited, or software might Specifications of that played To CD-R or CD-RW containing MP3/WMA or JPEG with this the of the to the following MP3/WMA ISO9660 or that recorded the write (UDF) read. MP3: Half-width English characters only. bear the or Distinction and lowercase characters count: to Track count: to Other: It to recorded of Rate containing recorded numerous rates within the playback. JPEG ISO9660 or that recorded the write (UDF) read. Half-width English characters only. bear the or Distinction and lowercase characters of containing to read. to with recommended that count: to Track count: to Other: It to recorded Only JPEG supported. JPEG read. JPEG and motion JPEG supported. JPEG created and conforming to the DCF such as used, that the comply with the DCF If this the playback WMA: Advanced Operations
Selecting the chapter or from search) the switch to the [Function] playback, the chapter or to the buttons. You from specified the the as follows. the of the playback: from the of the played Press or when stopped. Press the reaches Press the the buttons. using the buttons, Can when or when back with PBC off. Can when stopped. the operations from the of the title from from The following projected. This function only playback. when back the PBC function. Specify the hours/minutes/seconds. You the minutes/seconds Specify the
Press Press once to the the To from hours, and seconds, the Function/Numerics switch to the Press the buttons the of If and the incorrect then the Once finished the the function/numerics switch back to the [Function] If the the back with this function It that searching. The when back Although this when to the to the aspect ratio to Press to to the aspect back or this function Advanced Operations
playback of (A-B playback) the switch to the [Function] You the playback to from the playback. Press playback. Press the reaches Press Press then reach the or where to reach the or where to Press once to the To to playback of the following: the then Press Turn off the switch. The following Where this function playback. when back the PBC function. You other from The to The to and the of the to playback
playback the switch to the [Function] the type of within of titles, or tracks, as the following Press playback. The whenever The and displayed the and the Where this function playback. when back the PBC function. Chapter OFF Screen Track Track Track Track Track OFF You specify which includes titles or tracks. A-B the following PBC The displayed when back Although functions this when to the to the aspect ratio to Press to to the aspect Screen Chapter Chapter Chapter Advanced Operations
Canceling Press repeatedly displayed the Turn off the switch the and Repeats the chapter/track when selected Repeats or OFF displayed You the function with To the and the to to
the of choice the switch to the [Function] You titles, and to the of preference. Press when Each the the as follows. Press repeatedly PRGM displayed. the to the following the buttons Press Playback to the Once the playback playback and Canceling items the individually Press to Canceling items the Press items when the switched off. playback repeatedly the to its this the the memory. and selecting PRGM. Normal playback Normal displayed. of titles, or selected. If to than FULL displayed. If the playback hours, and seconds, displayed the However, to the as If instead of the chapter or ALL and of the and that title/group selected. If used. the type of to Advanced Operations
back to the [Function] operations You choose to or chapters/tracks The playback when Press when Press playback repeatedly the to its Whenever the the following RANDOM displayed. Normal playback Normal Once title or finished, another title or track played the following operations The switched off. repeatedly to the previously played It to the of the chapter/track. If used.
the recorded with or switch to the or of preference. Press playback. The displayed. While the displayed, and the Press to the seconds, or You the to the If (AA, displayed, The of the characters playback as follows. ST: L: R: Right Advanced Operations
the the You choose whether or to that recorded with recorded with switch to the of preference. Press playback. While the displayed, seconds, or that recorded with switch from the to such as from or from the right, playback. Press playback. While the displayed, repeatedly and the seconds, or The displayed. repeatedly to or off. Press to the If repeatedly, the type and on/off. The displayed. Press to the
the the switch to the [Function] Press playback. The following and projected. Press the reaches the item to Press Press once to the playback The displayed when back function Although this when to the to the aspect ratio to Press to to the aspect Select the based only. playback, the chapter to using the buttons. the function/numerics switch to the Then the as shown the following If the Press Select the language/type. Select to the Select the Advanced Operations
Selecting Auto-standby and the switch to the [Function] finished or or tion about the switches off matically. Once the the switches off cally. This while You and the Press stand-by A. STBY flashes seconds the switches off. the Press repeatedly and the Checking the Once the once to the the Canceling the of the following: Press Press repeatedly SLEEP OFF the Each the as follows. Press repeatedly the item displayed. activated. the switches off. the switches off. If something other than A. STBY ON, If the switched off, the canceled. switched off input and operations This function of the with that to the once playback completed.
from to Interlaced the switch to the [Function] the the the You to the Interlaced necessary. there the (or when the the You the that with With the turned and the then LOCKED appears the and the locked. To the follow the UNLOCKED field. This than Traditional of the of and the of displayed alternately. appears the Advanced Operations
Connecting to other You to that output such If the connecting both and higher using the The the To To included with or purchase them from included with connecting, off to when the to force to with This to or to the the interface cover when to White To input To input
the from Functions The following functions when Sound DVD Break On/Off high pitched tones information correction Select RCA To To the cover Turn the switch, then Press VIDEO appears the and switches to Switch the to the connected then playback. If the off, the projected. To to the built-in DVD Press DVD/CD appears the and switches back to DVD White To input To input with the facing Advanced Operations
with headphones with headphones, the too high. You hearing when to sounds high of Dont the too high from the sound to headphones or hearing. the switch the off then switch back headphones as shown below. Once connected headphones to the headphone sound from the If connected to sound from the Headphones To
Connecting to with input You to AV amplifiers and of recordings when they with input You which included with or purchased from To AV input You the from the the OUT the information, The D. when connecting to with built-in Connecting the optional You bass connecting to the optional and instructions, to the with the Optional slightly connecting the the protective the and firmly. Apply the when to from the RCA (included with the To subwoofer) To Advanced Operations
Selecting the Sound the switch to the [Function] high-pitched tones lowers You from the activating the JVC sound function. Press This which the of high-pitched tones, when input from the as lows. Press repeatedly the displayed. Select the that the sound the the JVC sound
the the switch to the [Function] The higher than other You this necessary. Press playback. the as follows. to the played, repeatedly the displayed. High The effective when played. It the from the This operation when the or Advanced Operations
the input of the switch to the [Function] You the input of connected to the Press and switch to the Press and seconds. Each and the as follows. this when the input from too and the to hear.
You the to the The allows to the and options, and This section to the or when there the The following displayed. Press to the to the the top right and the group. Press to the item to Press to the options pull-down Other
options Boldface the AA and other the Select the the DVD These become when recorded the recorded, the become If the selected recorded the the that used. Select the the DVD soundtrack. Subtitle Select the the DVD On-screen Select the the Quality, Information). Source The automatically. or that recorded with the whether or to the around and Select which to when containing both MP3/WMA and JPEG Press to the then To to the previous Item Item ENGLISH FRENCH SPANISH On MP3/WMA Photo: JPEG this and the or switch the off and then
Select the to the to the information, Downmix the from the and [PCM only]. The from the built- and the headphone D. Corrects the the hear and sounds when back DVD that recorded Other Selects whether to playback from the where or from the of the chapter. On-screen Selects whether to the on-screen the that from the DVD and them with other Item Item PCM only: when to that only with Linear PCM Coded Modulation). DOLBY DIGITAL/PCM: when connected to or when connected to with this function. Stream/PCM when connected to or when connected to with these Surround when to with built-in when connecting to D. automatically. On: D. On playback from the where Playback from the On Displayed. Not displayed. Country Select US. of country The the the the restriction. selected, four the The input or the to If the input If the three the EXIT: the
AA GD Scots MK SN Shona AB GL ML SO AF GN MN SQ AM Ameharic GU MO SR AR HA MR Marathi SS AS HI MS (MAY) ST Sesotho AY HR Croatian MT SU AZ HU MY SV Swedish BA HY NA SW BE IA NE TA BG IE NL Dutch TE BH IK NO TG BI IN OC TH IS OM TI BN BO JI PA TL BR JW PL Polish TN CA KA Georgian PS TO CO Corsican KK PT TR CS KL QU TS CY KM RM TT DA KN RN TW DZ KO (KOR) RO UK EL KS RU UR EO KU RW UZ ET KY SA VI EU LA SD VO FA LN SG WO Wolof FI LO SH Serbo-Croatian XH FJ LT SI YO FO LV SK ZU FY MG SL GA Irish MI SM and Linear PCM DVD PCM Linear PCM DVD DTS DVD DTS PCM DVD PCM CD CD SVCD PCM/48 PCM DTS CD DTS PCM MP3/WMA PCM IW OR TK Stream/PCM PCM
Country AD ET LC SD AE United FI LI SE AF FJ LK SG AG and LR SH FK AI LS Lesotho SI AL FM LT SJ and States of) AM LU SK AN FO Islands LV SL AO FR LY SM AQ FX MA SN AR GA MC SO AS American GB United MD of SR AT Austria GD MG ST Tome and AU GE MH Islands SV AW GF French ML SY AZ GH MM SZ BA and GI MN TC and Islands BB GL MO TD Chad BD GM MP Northern Islands French Southern TF BE GN MQ BF Faso GP MR TG BG GQ MS TH Thailand BH GR Greece MT TJ BI GS South and the MU TK South Islands BJ MV TM BM GT MW TN BN GU MX TO BO GW MY TP East BR GY MZ TR BS HK NA TT and BT HM Heard Island and NC New TV BV Island NE TW BW HN NF Island United TZ of BY HR NG BZ HT NI UA CA HU NL UG CC Islands ID NO Norway UM United States Minor Outlying Islands CF African IE Ireland NP CG IL NR US United States CH IN NU UY CI Cote British NZ New UZ IO Territory CK Islands OM City State VA CL Chile IQ PA CM IR of) PE and the VC CN IS Iceland PF French CO IT PG New VE CR JM PH VG Islands (British) CU JO PK VI Islands (U.S.) CV JP PL VN CX Christmas Island KE PM and VU CY KG WF and Islands CZ KH PN DE KI PR WS DJ KM PT YE DK KN and PW YT DM PY YU KP Peoples of DO QA ZA South Africa DZ KR of RE ZM EC KW RO ZR EE KY Islands RU Federation ZW EG KZ RW EH SA Peoples LA ER SB Islands ES LB SC
Quality You the brightness, and other of the the Quality Press Press repeatedly the item that to Press to Press To to the The following displayed. displayed. The item as follows whenever pressed. Brightness Sharpness Quality The and the Quality
Quality Item Brightness the brightness. the light and the the the when NTSC input. the tint. Sharpness the sharpness. If the vertically, the the of You as follows:
Information You information and High and the Information Press Press repeatedly the item that to Press to Press To to the previous The following Information displayed. or displayed. The item as follows whenever pressed: Information High Information The and the Information
Information Item Information the the of the TV or other connected to the input or the input At the of purchase, this to the automatically. If interference appears the or appear when the manually. High high ON. If the replaced, this to the of the 0H hours. Displayed of hour hours and The to yellow text when to the Source: whether DVD projected, or from the of the input.
Troubleshooting and Reading the lights You the the top the following and follow the to the If switched off, the connected correctly and the switch
flashes alternately Turn the switch off then If the once and the switched related High (overheating) The off and this around seconds and then the items to the right. If the turned off, turn the switch back to light cover the the then turn the The The as Warning the or flashing off switch and High-speed cooling You this high the as as If that the the from the outlet and as least inches from the Clean the as the items below. least inches from the Clean the as flashing :flashing off If the once and the turned If the once the If there when and switch the and the from the as
Normal the or off flashing off If functioning normally, the following repairs. If to as Reference this the following: the switch the appear the or of the appear the to the ready to used. Warming or (about seconds) off the or the warm-up, as this reduce the of the Projection Cooling (about seconds) Break Press to to playback. Disconnect and the cooling If the and off when the off the switch, then and the If to that the Stop using the from the and You DVD the to the the of this Press to switch to DVD. the burned the the the Could there the the the The operation of and buttons cool-down. once cool-down completed. off the or the cool-down, as this reduce the of the
The the Function/Numerics switch the input) sound heard or the to the the sound The the too The If recorded the they appear If there the they displayed. Reference this the following: appear the the connected turned Switch the to the connected then playback. supported If when the to displayed the Information to the to the displayed the connected correctly? The If used, interference the amplification and off (too and the aspect ratio or too the input If the aspect ratio correctly, and the aspect ratio to the input right the Information the to the to the the operations prohibited. the or the correctly? active? Press the DVD to [DVD LEVEL the to A-B displayed and and B. connected to both the input and the input the If to the connected to the input the from the input the to the connected turned Switch the to the connected then playback. Press to switch to the connected
Where to technical hours troubleshooting information, and technical through To the service, and the PIN the that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information Product Product (located the of of the You purchase the subwoofer and other from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Cleaning Cleaning the You to the when builds or the The overheating. nothing the and or the or other office as shown. If the such as paintbrush. If the the internal to and this to with and shortening of the service life. It that these least once every three months. Clean them often than this the Cleaning Clean the with cloth. If dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth nearly Then with cloth. Cleaning the of to To or smears, cleaning to the the and the when or the when the the or when the or to to the and quality, the displayed about hours of passed. The which this the and the which this used. If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the appears. You should ready V13H010L33). such as or thinner to These to and the coating off. clean- directly the with or the to shocks, as easily become
Specifications and Notices and to the following and which allows the or the Screen (inches) (inches) Projection
Specifications Product high 0.55-inch TFT active (W) (H) approximately (light UHE W, ELPLP33 supply Approximately Connectors sound input (JIS) 10W Rated VAC to to to to RCA DIN RCA RCA Headphone 10W 10W THD JEITA/4 headphone (L+R): (JEITA) or (JEITA) or Light: to DVD CD, SVCD, CD, CD-R/RW CD, CD, SVCD, MP3/WMA, JPEG DVD-R/RW (DVD DNX TM IC this
Aspect TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) USA UL60950 Third Edition UL60065 Seventh Edition CSA C22.2 CSA C22.2 Normal EMC USA FCC 15B Class ICES-003 Class
Instructions information Read the following information about information Warning: To reduce the of fire or shock, this to or Warning: the when the switched as the bright light children the when Warning: covers the the cover. the as specifically directed the supplied, to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: the the and optional of the reach of Children cover- their heads with death tion. around Class LASER Product the top cover. There serviceable the the the with The invisible the the cloth or to the This to the to the of within the that of to of shock to instructions Follow these instructions when and using the these instructions. these instructions. Follow instructions. this Clean with cloth. with the instructions. heat such as heat or other (including amplifiers) that heat. the of the or grounding-type with than the other. grounding type and third grounding The or the third If the of the Protect the from or pinched and the where they from the attachments/accessories specified the only with or specified the or with the the to the and causing injury. this or when of servicing to service Servicing when the aged such as the power-supply or or the the This to the to the of operating and (servicing) instructions the accompanying the
to or mally, or this to or this the of such as candle, this this to earthed there least inches the and walls, there least inches the and walls, when the cover It that the cover from the heat and burns or To the projection, On/Off] this or the with its such as the of with the closed, sunlight, the intake/exhaust of or heater, or where the This the internal of this and heat or fire. the the the or then the too high from the sound that to the or hearing. the switch off this then switch back using headphones, the too You hearing when of this the the If the of shock. the or the type of indicated the tor. If of the or electricity the where the easily the of the fire or shock. The with the to with supply the country of purchase. If the overseas, the and outlet that to the and purchase the country. the following when the to comply with these fire or shock. the outlet with the the the with or This fire or shock. the where the It or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in of through of the the from the and servicing to service the the or or If the or exposed to or humidity. If it normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing The internal of such as the and The and easily If the the with to from and
should when the mounted the as of when the cover to allow such of to the or mouth. or the the while from the that might the this to the immediately Doing serious burns. the off the supply and approximately hour to allow the to cool completely. mercury with high internal as the light Mercury when they the with while the following. If the following or the or to impacts. the the Once the the of the becomes the appears, the with as as The mercury mercury If the immediately the to the that released when the from or with the or mouth. to the while to the that released when the from or with the or mouth. If the and to with to the If the of around the should when the mounted the as of when the cover If cleaning the or the to allow such of to the or mouth. If the and from the or of or the or mouth, or other noticed, immediately or regulations of the and the If there the otherwise shock. If using that these of the reach of and If the assis- immediately. batteries, the following tions. the as as they If the with cloth. If diately. to heat or of to the using the of the or heavy WARNING The included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of to or other with Health
and of the following to malfunction and Notes and and this within the operating and as specified this the to tion or shock. the to or that This when the of and with this and this to malfunction. the that such the further from and this this playback. This the or malfunction. or this or other or containing amount of This of the the with If or the of the the clearly. the cover securely when from or the of that which covered warranty terms. If this from or, the which this heated internally or the If incorrect such as of the the and/or to this the hour it to used. If chance the switch then hours the this This includes that mercury. Please and or recycling. the mercury with high internal as its light Mercury the following characteristics. brightness once the rated passed. the reaches the of its life, where light, or with to or the of its the of each and the of there the the to reach the of its life. The the to increases once the exceeded. the appears, promptly the with LCD Although the high or that red, or to with brightness or These characteristics of and of malfunction. of this fact.
this the cover securely and the the as shown the following to the covering the the as shown: Transportation and within this to the and protective the of purchase. If the tect the of this with shock to from it and clearly the of off the and If service inform them that this and should accordingly. warranty cover that to this Copyright This with tection.The property rights to the of this protection the of America, and others. employing this from the The authorise the of this of including disassembly, and prohibited. Reproduction of the of broadcast, performance, or of or thereof) without the of the copyright owner, strictly prohibited.
About The following played. DVD CD CD/SVCD CD) PBC CD recorded the following duced. (finalized) CD SVCD MP3/WMA, JPEG recorded with ISO9660 recorded the DVD (finalized) reproduced. You DVD the to the the of this The performance and tonal of CD that to the (CD) with this CDs that to the CD bear the following what the of the This conforms to the NTSC, PAL, and SECAM the of DVD SVCD, and CD, the tions of the software producers. this back the of to the tions of the software producers, to the attached user information of the played. CD-R/CD-RW DVD-R/DVD-RW DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R, or CD-RW recorded, or dirty, smeared, scratched, or warped, or playback the of the following reproduced. MIX-MODE CD CD-G CD-EXTRA CD TEXT The following played. It to the with the ated these played back DVD-R/DVD-RW recorded the VR DVD-ROM CD-ROM PHOTO CD DVD+R DVD+RW DVD-RAM DVD SACD DVD DL Round with other than or Specially (heart, shaped, and touching the playback with their when with high or sunlight. If the of the with or fingerprints, the and the the with cloth, from the of the then outwards. cleaning products such as or products records. or
responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport of Product: EMP-TWD1 FCC United States MS: CA WARNING
JPEG photographs with the JPEG MP3 The of MPEG1 It the of the to greatly reduced, while high sound NTSC The of the National and to of the This the USA and America. PAL The of Phase and to of the This with the of and other African and countries. SECAM The of and to of the wave This Eastern the Union, the East and African WMA The of Microsoft. You WMA XP, or the and the or of the Microsoft Corporation of America, America and other countries. WMA please that the Microsoft Corporation of If that certified, that correctly. Aspect ratio The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Cool-down to the to from the high when this turned off. the cool-down. If cool-down correctly, the or internal of the overheat which reduce the of the or to this Cool-down once the age restriction. There when DVD which of the ratio of and recorded to The what Converts the and to that produced, where interference the (PBC) back CDs. You the or information to from the displayed. related Title/Chapter/Track DVD titles, which of and CDs tracks. Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Track Track Track Track DVD CD/Audio CD
America, Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the that the with this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should service the warranty its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight to or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or to the of the the that to the If repaired carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or to or Customer its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The exchanged or or repaired to the of or, option, another of and quality. or products the warranty of the covered this warranty, that each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty covers of the the United States and of this and This warranty cover other than This warranty apply to refurbished or products, and this warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING
FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITYSHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized Servicer the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA