easfm.fm5 Monday, November PM Printed with least
easfm.fm5 November PM rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Notice Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Copyright Inc.
easfm.fm5 Monday, November PM This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes FCC United States WARNING
easfm.fm5 Monday, November PM
easint.fm5 Monday, November PM EPSON COLOR the business graphics, photographyor With to photographic and graphics or to The software and advanced with of brightness, and ColorSync and ICM that match the With and and connectivity, and easy. EPSON specially and of offer the flexibility the Introduction
easint.fm5 Monday, November PM Introduction To and its software with PC, should IBM PC with least or Microsoft Workgroups or At least 8MB of RAM At least 20MB of free (40MB or recommended) VGA, VGA, or and shielded, twisted-pair to to to the the D-SUB, and the To and its software with Macintosh, should or the Classic, SE, or or At least 8MB of RAM (16MB or recommended) At least 20MB of (40MB or recommended) VGA or and Apple Peripheral-8 or (RS-422, DIN F2V024 recommended)
easint.fm5 Monday, November PM To To the the It EPSON This the following information: Chapter covers the basics of with or Macintosh. Chapter selecting the right or other and instructions Chapter to with and Chapter to and Chapter instructions cleaning and the heads, and cleaning and the Chapter to optional interface the technical and EPSON and included the of the Introduction
easint.fm5 November PM Introduction and Notes this information throughout to injury. to to Notes information about hints Where To EPSON and service through of authorized EPSON Customer the location or the following services to EPSON technical information and products The location of Authorized EPSON or Customer Technical information the and operation of EPSON products Customer relations
easint.fm5 Monday, November PM to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON Sound You purchase and from EPSON (U.S. only). please If software with EPSON the that technical information. Services You helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON hours and of the services below. World From the reach EPSON EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. to Introduction
easint.fm5 November PM Introduction EPSON Fax-on-Demand service You EPSON technical information or and selecting the option. You to Fax-on-Demand. EPSON CompuServe of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach CompuServes America of EPSON introductory CompuServe membership, which to introductory credit and user ID and To of this offer the U.S. or and NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused
easint.fm5 November PM the off the If switch off or the the light off. to If isnt off when using Turn off and each when them. the option software catch something. rather than Not this and Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively: Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using the as or that switch and off. the where the easily fiche Introduction
easint.fm5 Monday, November PM Introduction the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions.
easch1.fm5 Monday, November PM If NT, software EPSON as the Introduction software NT. Its easy to and and white with EPSON COLOR First to and the software, following the instructions the Then this chapter to about the following: from from What to when the lights from to from the or choose from the You then choose which to the of and other options. The that whether to or of software. The following sections to options from to the and to
November PM information about the right-click item the and then Whats This? from Applications This section the to Chapter information about advanced Follow these to from or other software: Click the or choose or from the You EPSON COLOR selected, and then the or (You to of these buttons.) You the following: Click to of types. Click the and the option to This the to of of Click information.
easch1.fm5 Monday, November PM the highest to of the the EPSON Choose the to from the following Quality Quality Quality The type of or other choose the or Chapter choosing and Choose or Black the to Quality or This choose the or the highest the (The types.) If necessary, the and choose of and If software these to the Click OK when finished The If Apply and the the OK, or You to of these buttons. While the EPSON appears, showing the and the of If this displays the Checking information.)
Monday, November PM through software the apply to the If to the the through the option or the software closed If to and then them to the Follow these Click to and then to Right-click the EPSON COLOR Select Then the You the as shown become the and Follow these Double-click the the group. Double-click the Select EPSON COLOR from the of and You the as shown become the and
easch1.fm5 November PM The appears and Checking While the EPSON appears the right of The of the Click to appears Click to This shows the of and the of If of while the You the buttons to or The the of the shows with these The occured. or Chapter ready to The or empty. the or light the and the necessary. Click to
easch1.fm5 Monday, November PM from Macintosh, to the each You then the or choose from the You that choose which to the of and other The that jobwhether to or of software. This section the to Chapter information about advanced Follow these to from or other software: Choose from the You the Choose and other options and OK information about Choose from the or the You the following: Click to of types. Click information about
easch1.fm5 November PM the highest to of the the EPSON On the with cant them from to another. to each If to templates applications. Choose the of and which to the option to This the to of of Choose the to from the following Quality Quality Quality The type of or other choose the or Chapter choosing and instructions Choose or Black the to Quality or This choose the or the highest the Click when finished If chose background when while
Monday, November PM the light flashes the Turn off the and Then the information. the light or incorrectly loaded. the and then the light flashes supply light to the instructions. the light flashes the or operation. or lights and information. What To the Lights cleaning cleaning The four lights the and to light light light light
AM EPSON COLOR about of to You of and with specially the EPSON photo-quality and of EPSON from to iron-on You to to and This chapter covers the following: and Creating and other and to about choosing the and software. The the following the EPSON and the to choose each
AM EPSON and their EPSON A4 S041059 S041060 EPSON Coated S041060 EPSON High Quality S041111 Quality EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Quality A4 S041126 Quality S041124 EPSON Quality A4 S041071 Quality S041072 EPSON High Quality S041072 EPSON Iron-On S041001, S041002 EPSON A4 S041063 S041064 EPSON Quality (A6) Cards EPSON Card (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 To EPSON and other or EPSON (U.S. only) The type of or other of the factors the of the highest when EPSON Quality The following the type of or other S041061 S041062 S041067 S041054 S041121 S041122 Quality
AM the facing that to correctly; follow instructions the sheets the and the Dont the cleaning sheets that included with they the Preprinted Forms, and the top first. the as shown below: EPSON High Quality and Quality You to the arrow the If than to the arrow EPSON Quality and or with the or beneath the You to of and to of or
AM within of purchase. and within months. and to their as as information. With sheets loaded, the top inches If to top and sheet each from the immediately printed. each To the and the the back of the as shown: You to as shown below:
AM If smears when or other thick the thickness to the the cover and the as shown below. Then the cover and the to the other the thickness to smears when or cards. EPSON Quality Cards You these to photographs that as as the from processing. the thickness to the as shown You to the included the cards. ready to software to the option the EPSON Quality these sheets to or You
easch2.fm5 AM includes Then the text correctly when You the option software. information. EPSON Iron-On You or this and then to T-shirts or other cloth items. of follow the instructions that with the to the the or other and Other Custom You or ordinary (continuous-form) to to inches You that fits the least inches and the of software or Macintosh. To 44-inch first tear off four sheets of or continuous-form If using tear off the perforations the the the as shown:
easch2.fm5 AM Follow the instructions below to or Macintosh. from Follow these to or other the or other software. You or Click the or choose or from the You selected, and then the or (You to of these buttons.) You the as shown Click the You the following: Click to of
AM Choose the to from the If to or other choose If choose the following appears: To type inches the and inches the Height. (This both and Click OK Choose or already specified the software. the necessary. Click OK to to the choose and the other to and then OK Click OK, or to You to of these buttons. from Follow these to or other the or other software. You or Choose from the type to inches.
easch2.fm5 AM You the following: Choose or the of the or created. the necessary. Choose the to from the If to or other the The following appears: Click to Click the New The Click to of Click to
AM You to If each to them selecting them from the the the New To type inches the and inches the (This both and Click OK then OK Choose from the or the You the shown choose and the other to and then to
easch3.fm5 Monday, November PM to graphics, photographs, or other the EPSON COLOR software. You choose or options brightness, and accuracy, (ICM) or ColorSync the This chapter includes the following information: advanced and effects ColorSync the Advanced easy to Follow these to with or software. Custom
Monday, November PM Custom advanced the Quality/Speed the as or You of the following boxes: Click Advanced then to of types. Choose or Black Click Advanced then to of types.
Monday, November PM Chapter information about Click Advanced and then Custom You the of types. Follow these to choose the right photographs. Increases the Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and and the and highlights. from or Increases brightness and the rough of text only, ICM only) Automatically to match the ColorSync only) to match the information, Choose the to The the choose. cant or with the ICM or ColorSync Click or OK If other buttons that Custom
Monday, November PM Custom them as group. Then them whenever instructions. Quality and Effects If the or to with effects, software. Follow these or software. Access the as or (Macintosh). Click Advanced, and then More You the More of these options or other choose.
easch3.fm5 Monday, November PM The Quality option choose choice of Choose of the following Quality options low-resolution rough Normal or high-resolution Works Quality the highest-resolution Quality only. Choose the and to following the and of these options or other choose. Custom
November PM Custom If when the High to the heads. instructions. Choose of the following options: text only. photographic or each of with the surrounding Dithering charts, and other that of bright with and with and Choose of the following of these selected or the Quality choose. MicroWeave Prints graphic to (light High fast, bidirectional quality. Prints of with iron-on the or other correctly. graphics, and art with and increases memory Click OK ready to or the section to
easch3.fm5 Monday, November PM Click to You choose from or manually brightness, and professional correction, CMY To the Matching (ICM) or ColorSync the Follow these to Access the More as The appear the right of the as shown: to and Click to Custom
Monday, November PM Custom Choose of the following the information and correction accordingly. Photo-realistic photographs. graphics-intensive with charts and and the and highlights. only) Choose this ColorSync. If to specify correction the to increase right) or the below. (If to the options to correction Brightness lighter or Increases or the the bright or of or Increases or the amount of the three that to these to the
easch3.fm5 Monday, November PM choose ICM, or ColorSync, the other options information about matching and with It EPSON Color, the that with Choose ICM or ColorSync from or Increases brightness and the ICM only) to match the ColorSync only) Automatically to match the ColorSync the information. Click OK to to the Click to as that information about Click or OK If other buttons that ColorSync the Every or and printeruses Thats why to to match the or other The ColorSync their match as closely as ColorSync information from each including EPSON COLOR printerto First to Then software to the of matching to Custom
November PM Custom The EPSON If or other other Macintosh. Follow these to ColorSync and softwares ColorSync features: the ColorSync Profile the Apple Click the Profile Select from the and then Select Access the More as Click ColorSync. Profile choose EPSON Choose of the following options photographs. graphics-intensive with charts and as exactly as within the of the distinguishes them. Click OK and then
easch3.fm5 November PM Custom the as group. Then them the Follow these as this chapter. Click the the You of the following: and the The choose the when Advanced and then Custom Custom
AM software includes You them to and If to follow This chapter instructions the following: Network PC software includes the and The when to the It allows to the background while to and to to If that the and Network
AM and Network The The which only using when to the It the right of to about and as the The the To while the that appears the or the of To the the the EPSON or You the to software temporary it the C:\TEMP or C:\WINDOWS\TEMP or directory, and assigns to The software then the to the right
AM information about of these and the The the of and and them. of the things or release to or Select the information to the the from appearing whenever directory If of Follow these to the as Click then the and and the Directory If when to or directory. Follow these directory where to C:\SPLTEMP. the as and Network
AM and Network EPSON COLOR selected, and then choose from the The appears. the directory to the created this checked. (If the when Then OK. Choose Directory from the the the directory to the created Then OK the The displays when to the to Follow these Access the as or Click the
easch4.fm5 AM You the information about these three Chapter Click the You the with the the the amount of information about the and Network
AM and Network the If the appear the to bidirectional Follow these Click to and then to Right-click the EPSON COLOR Then the Click bi-directional this turned Then OK software includes and If using background when to the It background while to and that to printed. The to that You to The to while However, background and
AM If to this to turn background the Chooser and increase the memory Follow these to background and the the Chooser from the Apple and EPSON COLOR selected. Background On and the Chooser. Select EPSON Choose Info from the the Memory to or RAM. While the EPSON the Application the right of the You the following: currently You and or this to the and Network
AM and Network the You the to the of and to the software about Follow these Choose from the or the You the Click the You the information about these three Chapter Click the The software the amount of the and displays the Click to Click to and
easch4.fm5 AM If to interface instructions. If to and the You the following when these appear. when these appear. Choose the options and OK Network PC You or other operating First to softwares built-in or the LPT redirection built-in the from to shared directory These then from another to the First to and the directory to this the to the (the to each the to specify the and to the and Network
easch4.fm5 AM and Network the Follow these to the connected to the the EPSON (EPSPLMGR.EXE the \WINDOWS\SYSTEM or directory). this the the as the the to The appears. Click the Remote and then the from option. Click the and the directory that Click OK and the Remote Follow these to the the EPSON (EPSPLMGR.EXE the \WINDOWS\SYSTEM or directory). the as the the to The appears. Click the to
easch4.fm5 AM Click the and the directory the Click OK and the Network Path If to to the and the connected to the Follow these Double-click Double-click the Right-click the EPSON COLOR and choose Click the the following appears: and Network
AM and Network Click the button, then the to the and OK the as the The appears. the this option Then OK Network If to to of the optional interface boards: the LocalTalk or the Ethernet board. information about optional interfaces. Then the EPSON and the Chooser. The EPSON with the other software. to the Follow these to the EPSON Double-click the EPSON Click the EPSON Stylus(AT) the Select the where located. New type from to distinguish from other the Click and then
AM the turned and then follow these to the Chooser from the Apple You the following: Click the EPSON Stylus(AT) Select the to of connected to the selected appears the right. Click the assigned to EPSON COLOR You to choice. Click OK. If appear, the turned and correctly connected, then RETRY. To compatibility, Background turned off. the Chooser when finished. and Network
easch5.fm5 November PM To EPSON and them. Other products to covered EPSON warranty. Its easy to EPSON COLOR its to follow the instructions this chapter the and You software to and the heads whenever necessary. This chapter covers the following Cleaning the heads the heads Cleaning the Transporting the Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to or EPSON (U.S. only). please and Transportation
easch5.fm5 Monday, November PM and Transportation To the the heads hand. If the cleaning when flashing or the cleans the heads, as If to the lights (because the too follow the instructions these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020108 S020089 the light to with the off and then back choose Black as the software. Empty Cartridge You when the or light flashing or the and Then follow these which to replaced. the and the cover. Then the and cleaning to the the cover. Press the or cleaning and three seconds. cleaning cleaning
easch5.fm5 November PM Dont the or to with Once cant Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with The heads slightly and the light flashing. (The heads to their to within seconds.) the (Although the shows the the the the The from its the of the and of Follow the the section to the and Transportation
November PM and Transportation You the yellow from the top of the the permanently the clear from the of the the New Cartridge Once the ready to the Follow these the from its the yellow as shown: the its with the facing and the arrow to the back of the Press the
easch5.fm5 November PM off the while the light flashing. To the the heads hand. If to the other follow the Cartridge, and then through the New Cartridge. Press the and the cover. The the heads and charging the the charging seconds the The light flashes, and the sounds. Charging about finished, Outdated Cartridge If than months to You that as as they to. If cleaning and the heads, or both Follow these to the or light flashing or the turned and the and the cover. Then the and cleaning to the the cover. Press both the and cleaning buttons and them seconds the heads to the To the follow the instructions with To the the cleaning and seconds. the to the follow the instructions with and Transportation
easch5.fm5 November PM and Transportation turn off the while the light Cleaning the Heads If unexpectedly light or or from the to the heads. This the they properly. Cleaning the heads them You the heads of the following With the Head Cleaning software (when the rather than the buttons the Head Cleaning Follow these to the from or the turned and the and lights off. Access the as Click the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to or both heads. Cleaning each head about which the and the light flashes. the light to
easch5.fm5 November PM the and or Confirmation (Macintosh). instructions examining the If the If this four or the the To Clean the Heads Follow these to clean the heads the buttons: the turned and and that the and lights off. the cover. Press the or cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about which the and the light flashes. the light flashing, the other head necessary. finished cleaning and the light flashing, to Access the as Chapter Click the or the You the Click the the section instructions examining the and Transportation
easch5.fm5 Monday, November PM and Transportation If the If this four or the Chapter the the cleaning the heads. It should something this, with the and yellow: and straight should with the If If the heads as the the Heads If to the heads. You the heads of the following With the Head software (when the rather than the buttons
November PM thats least inches This from the and the Head Follow these to the from or Macintosh: the turned and loaded. Access the as Chapter Click the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to and the the To the Heads Follow these to the heads using the buttons: the turned off and loaded. the cover. the and the cleaning and the Then release the buttons. The instruction that to the heads. Follow the instructions the finished, off the to the and Transportation
easch5.fm5 Monday, November PM and Transportation Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the Dont or the Cleaning the To its should following these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the and with Clean the of the with cloth. the cover closed Clean of the with cloth.
easch5.fm5 Monday, November PM To the when the Transporting the If to to and the Follow these Turn the and the heads the right Then off the the from the Then the interface from the from the and the the and the Repack the and the using the protective that with the Notice Sheet that with the to the as If the the heads; the heads. the instructions this chapter. and Transportation
easch6.fm5 AM or other The first thing should to the following the this chapter. Then the the fixed. This chapter everything to know about the following: Fixing and other of to To the the lights the the following section information. You the to instructions, or (Macintosh). To whether the caused the instructions. Troubleshooting
AM Troubleshooting the light flashes the Turn off the and Then the information. the light or incorrectly loaded. the and then the light flashes supply light to the Chapter instructions. the light and light and the other lights information. the lights flash internal information. You the to Then the to technical or yourself. instructions. the information, the EPSON COLOR and the the EPSON or If of the this chapter EPSON as Where to the Introduction. Reading the Lights Follow these when the lights or flash:
AM You to whether the from the or the If the satisfactory, the software the interface or If the correctly, with the this chapter Follow these to the both the and turned off. the interface from the the Press the and while the to the buttons the light to flash. The (shown and of and To the off the You the to know to the to technical Follow these to the turned off and the the cover. Troubleshooting
AM Troubleshooting the and the cleaning and the The the top of and then or from as The the Quality If that often of the following: Clean the heads following the instructions Chapter higher Chapter of EPSON Match the the to the type of or the Turn off High the advanced as the as Chapter the of the and lights first.) On the following to
AM Printed The match the The of the the and with the Chapter instructions. The head Clean the heads. instructions. clogged. The the and lights to which to Chapter The MicroWeave option Turn MicroWeave the information. or appears. The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. The High Turn off the High information. The heads the Head Chapter instructions. The incorrect or The option to the to Chapter instructions. Black The match the The of the the and with the instructions. the matches the or Then the software other the instructions. the matches the or Then the software other the quality. Chapter instructions. Troubleshooting
AM Troubleshooting The and options incorrectly type. The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. The ColorSync incorrect (Macintosh). The or or empty. The displayed match the The software The or The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. The match the The the and with the or dirty. instructions. The the and lights to which to Chapter instructions. the the following the instructions Chapter the or choose Chapter information. the and lights to which to Chapter instructions. and to cant exactly match the the ICM or ColorSync (Macintosh) information. You to software. software information. the matches the or Then the software other the instructions.
AM The or smeared. The the to the and try the Chapter instructions. The or the the and with the Chapter instructions. You Follow the instructions and without the that sheets. try You to or other The match the the smearing the ejected the Clean the to Chapter instructions. The the following the instructions Chapter or choose Black software. empty. using the High and MicroWeave with head. Photographic or rough. The heads the Head following the instructions Chapter The of Increase the image-editing software, too or the of the or the B. If the heads as the matches the or Then the software other the Chapter instructions. each from the as as to smearing, Turn off High following the instructions Chapter the Head following the instructions Chapter Troubleshooting
easch6.fm5 AM Troubleshooting lights off. The these the turned Turn off the and the securely. the outlet switch or and the light nothing The interface Turn off and Then the connected securely. connected securely and the specifications. The internal Turn off the and the interface and as The or software incorrectly. enough memory to the If the first that: The turned and the light the The thats switch or The interface securely connected to the and and both turned If cant the following If the and software installation. If to as Chapter of the following: the of Select or or memory to
easch6.fm5 AM the and Chapter instructions. the EPSON and (Macintosh). Then The heads or the too The light flashing or If flashing, the and follow the as If or or the and as Chapter Then the to off the light incorrectly. and or light flashing or If flashing, the supply You to the indicated Chapter instructions and If the You the indicated to to empty. Chapter instructions. The and lights the Press the occurred. about seconds. Then Turn the off, seconds, and then and If the cleared, EPSON as the Introduction. If the sounds trying to the heads; Chapter instructions. If cleaning the information and instructions, Chapter Troubleshooting
easch6.fm5 AM Troubleshooting the lights flashing. You the from the internal Turn off seconds, and If occurred. the lights or EPSON as the Introduction. The finished charging the the light flashing. The Press the to isnt following the instructions the the The to If the or the light flashing than the off. If the light flashing when turn back EPSON as the Introduction. The software with correctly to software correctly software, the New found Click and then OK operating occurred. the following the instructions the the If the EPSON as the Introduction. the software
easch6.fm5 AM You If or the caused temporary too to the enough memory the You memory You to increase the memory EPSON or both. the appear with the The with the of other and off enough memory. background You to increase the memory EPSON or both. the directory, following the instructions Chapter of the following: the of Select or or memory to Choose Info from the when EPSON highlighted and increase the Memory Chapter information. Also, off background this the Then bidirectional Chapter instructions. Choose Info from the when the active and increase the Memory Chapter information. Troubleshooting
AM Troubleshooting too software the following: Quality to options incorrectly. Turn MicroWeave off. Turn High Choose Choose Black and information. Clear or enough Dont too the Turn off memory. Increase memory (RAM) Choose Info from the and increase the Memory background Macintosh. EPSON or off background directory and as incorrect Chapter switches to the or the inactive. the the AppleShare, FileShare, and PrinterShare and Apple to the Then using using Apple Peripheral-8 the Introduction information. appear the Chooser GX the EPSON and EPSON and then
easch6.fm5 AM feed. this Then this the of that the from the Isnt or creased. Isnt too Chapter or information.) Isnt the arrow the Isnt the (If the light flashing, Then the as Chapter the to the feed the this Then this the of the isnt too thin the B). the of the of to the sheets. the as Chapter If too of or the both the and Chapter information. Fixing You the following: smooth, high-quality that the the Follow and instructions included with the the as Chapter with the If with feeding, or Troubleshooting
AM Troubleshooting the this Then this Turn off the cover, and the thats including that torn off. or If the the If when the or too thin. the following the instructions Chapter and the If frequently, smooth, high-quality the and then the beneath the arrow the the to the of Press the to the Then the or software. the specifications of thicknesses with, as as
easch6.fm5 AM Characters incorrect or the Select as the or instructions. the following the instructions Chapter Then If background Macintosh, corrupted. The interface Turn off and Then the securely connected. connected securely and the specifications. The incorrect. Margins incorrectly software instructions selecting software. the the software incorrect The inverted as You option software or the software. Printout If what expected, these the EPSON and Then Increase the Memory EPSON the the to theyre information. Turn off the or software or the software. Chapter instructions. Troubleshooting
easch6.fm5 AM Troubleshooting The the Select as the or instructions. the software incorrect The head Clean the heads following the instructions Chapter clogged. the the to theyre Chapter information.
AM EPSON COLOR includes both and interfaces. You to PC or or both the If to to another or to optional interface board. This chapter to and EPSON interface boards the following Selecting interface interface boards the PC interface optional interfaces Selecting Interface You the following interface boards of interface C823051 PC 32KB C832071 PC 32KB C823101 PC LocalTalk C823121 C823151 PC Coax C823141 PC Ethernet C823461 Macintosh/PC Optional Interfaces A-1
AM Optional Interfaces To interface board, or EPSON Accessories (U.S. only). Interface Boards If to the LocalTalk board, Connector (DIN-8 to the interface the and the other to the the Macintosh. Then the the boxes. information, the instructions that with the If the Ethernet connected to thin (10BASE2) and the the the to The Ethernet included the EPSON Ethernet board, the the PC Interface the interface follow the instructions that with the and parity. to information about matching the boards to You to the boards and other A-2
AM To or the interface board when the connected to Optional Interfaces optional interface board the turned off and the lights off. Then follow these the from the outlet (and from the back of the Turn the around that its back and interface cross-head screwdriver to the screws the shield to the then off the to both screws; to them when the shield to switches and the board. the interface boards If board JG, that to or the properly. Optional Interfaces A-3
AM Optional Interfaces the interface the both of the to the boards the internal the interface the with the screws included with the interface board. the interface to the interface board and to If the wire, to of the screws the interface. Also, than the other interface the turned off. Then the cord. the the interface through interface board, to the I/F (interface) B-7 instructions. To the interface board, follow the A-4
easapb.fm5 AM yellow) Printable and to Character Character pitch Printable (characters inch) condensed) condensed) graphics inches) CR (inches second) Technical Specifications (characters second) Normal B-1
AM Technical Specifications 32KB Bidirectional with text and graphics ESC/P and expanded graphics IBM X24E Character and graphics character Character international character and character EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON and You other combinations ESC/P commands. from to and four and The the with software You to the internal allow to B-2
easapb.fm5 AM Thickness inches) A4 A5 B5 inches) inches) inches) and inches) A4 A6 only) A4 sheets distributed EPSON inches, DL inches, C6 inches, Cards A6 inches inches Notes: Since the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or or and these to 77F to 25C) Humidity: to RH and these to 86F to 30C) Humidity: to RH and distributed EPSON and distributed EPSON bond, or to inch to to to EPSON Technical Specifications to inch to to to and and to inch to to inch to inch B-3
easapb.fm5 AM Technical Specifications B-L Envelope the first first. B-R C The top inch of the top inches BL The inch BR The right inch and inch other inches inch DL inch C6 C The inch B-4 B-L B-R C
easapb.fm5 AM Cartridges Black (S020108) (S020089) Color(s) Black and Capacity* (A4 text Normal (ISO/IEC Cartridge years from and to within months C F) to F to C) month F C) Transit to C to F) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) 2.1(D) (H) (W) (D) (H) (W) (D) (H) The often the head cleaning function. Also, graphics and text with white The thaws and hours F C). To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. the the Mechanical Friction with of Width: inches Depth: inches inches without the Width: inches Depth: inches inches when inches inches when Specifications (A4 Normal each B-5
AM Technical Specifications to F to C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) Humidity to RH to RH (without UL with D3, CSA with D3 EMC FCC CSA C108.8 DOS Black LQ-870/1170 LQ-570(+)/1070(+) SQ-870/1070 LQ-850 LQ-500 and EPSON PRO EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR II LQ-860 LQ-2550 to to Rated to to Rated 0.4A 0.2A (ISO/IEC If the EPSON COLOR from software of the other EPSON ESC/P Choose the first from the following B-6
AM Follow these to the You the following from the Font T, H, Pitch I/F Option I/F seconds, seconds Software ESC/P IBM X24E CR (IBM only) On AGM (IBM only) On Character PC437, PC850, PC860, PC861, PC863, PC865, BRASCII, ISO U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, feed On Network I/F On Loading Others On I/F Normal the turned off and loaded. the cleaning and the The summary of instructions and choosing the to instructions. Press the cleaning to of and instructions. the the off to the The them Technical Specifications B-7
easapb.fm5 AM Technical Specifications the ESC/P Reference information about these ESC/P commands. IBM X24E This the IBM with the following commands. information, X24E reference operation: ESC@, ESC U, ESC EM feeding: CR, FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC motion: ESC ESC ESC V, ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, ESC J, VT Font selection: ESC ESC ESC X, ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: ESC ESC ESC Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Graphics: ESC G, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Color: ESC ESC ESC operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC (AGM*), ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (AGM*), CR ESC C, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC B-8
easapb.fm5 AM Character International character You of international character with the or the ESC command. Other only selected with the ESC command. You characters with the ESC command. motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC J, ESC (AGM*) Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP, ESC Character ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC (AGM*) Graphics character the as the PC437 through 7F. Additional characters through FF. You the following character through the or software commands: PC PC850 PC860 PC861 (Icelandic) PC863 (Canadian-French) PC865 (Nordic) BRASCII ISO characters Technical Specifications B-9
Monday, November PM character of numbers, and that with the characters characters inch of the of characters, to as pitch. The that appear MicroWeave The of the memory to CMYK yellow, and These to ColorSync software that to WYSIWIG (what what This software as them or that when the turned or initialized. dithering halftoning which Dithering with such as charts and halftoning inch. The the software that instructions to peripheral to what to from and instructions to the to this G-1
Monday, November PM This halftoning smooths of This the of the ESC/P The of the ESC/P this features, such as and graphics This and clearer. It the of the that this increase the of from to white. to when with only. halftoning of to to of or nearly of of the to its This every or the interface The the and such as Generally, interfaces, and interface or interface ESC/P This of commands of from It EPSON and computers. of of which each or precisely IPS second. This to the head
November PM MicroWeave that to reduce the of interface interface. that to the while or they printed. The of which the It than the physical of the of which the of the character from character to character. than lowercase that or reduced. cant This as they appear instead of them as halftones. interface interface software that that software that allows to the such as the amount of which printed, such as and To to its command, INIT or turning the off and then back The of inch to The higher the or the and the G-3