Printed Y59099101000 EPSON Interface the
Interface The interface option CQ-3500 These to and the interface. The GQ-3500 interface actually interfaces It as RS-232C interface (the factory or RS-422 interface, the of the the board. the Interface interface, as RS232C interface, parity, or with the ready This To this with PC computers, the following the DOS MODE COM1:9600,N,8,1,P If to the of the interface follow these to and software to what the interface Select the RS-232C or RS-422 interface. The and J2 to RS-422. RS232C the factory the to choose this interface. information the location of and J2 and to the the below, the Interface section. If the factory and to the RS232C operation, the and J2 as follows. At REV, RD, and SRI to the At J2, should disconnected. Interface
RS422 operation, the and J2 as follows. At REV, RD, and SRI to the right. At J2, the TR+ and TR-. that to to RS-232C or RS-422 (although they the interface Select DIP switches and as indicated Table information DIP switches, the Interface DIP Switches section of this chapter.) or DIP switch character or off character. character usually If selected or and DIP switches and appropriately. Select If using software the to If the ready DIP switches through appropriately. that than the information, the Communications section. the interface of the interface. Study the shown Table that the to DSR, CIS, and DCD to the interface. the Interface the interface easy and follow these that the to the off. the DIP switches the interface as C. or to the Switches Interface
the the interface as the interface from the back of the the and its straight as shown the the that the interface Removing the interface the interface the the back of the with the Tighten to the interface. the from to the interface.
The Interface DIP Switches On the right of the interface of DIP switches, as shown the and the right.) switches of the of the interface ,as You to the switch DIP switch and the both the and the DIP switch information Chapter2 and C to both interfaces The interface DIP switches Interface
Table interface DIP switches Interface
the The following shows the DIP switch the rates The Interface The following the of the the The function of these to switch RS-232 C and RS-422 operation, of the allow to the interface. The located the interface as shown The interface Interface
The The J1 The from the to the right wires to the Table the functions of the from the factory, the Functions of the J1 Interface
The J2 J2 they or disconnected. To the of these the To the that the only, leaving the right this when the interface from the factory.) Function the DM+ and DM- through RD+ and RD- through RD- to RD+topin DM- to DM+ to TR+ to TR-to T2 DM DM+ SD+ TR+ TR- To the the should characters to the than the them. This that the to and information. continuously information to the than or the overflow and information the from information than the The interface three of These below. The ETX/ACK The ETX/ACK of ETX (ASCII and ACK (ASCII The whenever the GQ-3500 ETX of its input ACK back to the the the ACK to information to the without fear of overflowing the Interface
The GQ-3500 that to characters, including the ETX the of the group. The the first of characters and then the first ACK received. From then on,every ACK received, another of characters switch ETX/ACK If DIP switch the GQ-35OO the ETX The or XON/XOFF The DC1/DC3 of as XON) and DC3 ASCII known as XOFF) This selected turning DIP switch this the DC3 to the to the following when the input becomes nearly (within bytes) the offline the the of the of toner detected. when the the DC3 within characters) information the to that there the The the when the characters If DIP switch the DC3 each character the first DC3. This the XOFF function. The ready The ready of the wires the and to the where the ready to information. This selected turning DIP switch Interface
the input becomes nearly (within bytes) the off the ON LINE the of the of toner detected. when the DTR the within characters The back high when the Characters. If the DTR to high cleared and the ON o DIP switch off the DIR high. the Rs422 interface, the function of the DTR TR+ and TR- RS-23X Assignments The RS-232C assignment and of the respective interface shown Table Interface
and Interface
Table Interface