rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Printed CPD-13279 Copyright Inc. Copyright Notice
Introduction The Wireless from existing without without from wireless-equipped PC or Apple or from to The with wireless and that comply with the (Wireless Fidelity) The following EPSON EPSON C80 EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON 2000P This the instructions the the software, and wireless
Wireless The Wireless office, home, or On wired the below, the and other information and through of router DSL With wireless information and using waves, to the You location and without to to or You the to with or without wireless (or Station). If station, both wired and wireless-equipped the might allow to other such as access. Wired
The below shows wireless that wireless wireless DSL If from or that wireless the below, both wireless-equipped directly with the wireless Wireless to with or without computer-to-computer, and or Station Wireless Network wireless Network LAN Network)
with the Wireless each the following Microsoft PC or with or or recommended NT or XP 32MB of RAM (64MB recommended) 100MB of free (200MB or recommended) VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD the software each to connected to existing wired that wireless or to wireless combined with or router or of PCMCIA PCI or connected through USB wireless to without of To the to high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to with D-SUB, the and
with the Wireless each the following Apple G3 or G4, G4 Cube, or G3 or G4 OS through OS recommended) If OS X, the EPSON and information. to the then to 32MB of RAM (64MB recommended) 100MB of (200MB recommended) VGA or CD-ROM or DVD the software each to wireless or to connected to existing wired that wireless or Station. If AirPort, EPSON that the with or Station. With AirPort, reliably the of connected to wired or Macintosh-compatible wireless or to without of If or the Station, software or To the to high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to with
Where To Information this to and EPSON and Wireless Please follow these to to Notes information about information, the following: On-screen software If as the the You technical through and troubleshooting information, software and firmware. Information about the NetWare and other If these to technical as
This chapter to and You the and anywhere or office. that and the computer(s), and and that the within of other choose location from high sunlight, and the or other that might interference, such as operating microwave or Bluetooth the and and Follow the instructions the included with the to Then follow the instructions these the Connecting the
Unpacking the everything of the and the items shown below. You to the to follows the supply Checking the the to the properly. or loaded. Press the to off the the as and release the On to the or the that with holding the the light flashing, then release The showing its ROM and If the with the instructions below the If the the lights. the chapter If of the EPSON as CD-ROM
Connecting the that the correctly, ready to the Press the to off the the and to included with the the of the to the Then with the the other of the to the the and as necessary.
the supply to the the AC Both the and yellow lights and then If the light continuously try the If the light EPSON as Press the the to To the the and the and release The If the than seconds, the If this, the lights to then the and release immediately to the If the ready to the software and wireless the section instructions. If the the ready and of or instructions testing the Then off the the and the both the back the and the If the EPSON as
This chapter to the software and the Wireless with Once the the wireless other connected to the as to If follow the instructions the sheet that the to the and the and other software. Then follow the instructions these to the wireless the
to the the of to with This immediately the software, to and You to that wireless network and/or and ready. Wireless CD-ROM includes the following software: This the the only to EpsonNet Direct This software, which every or that the This the NetWare and advanced other with built-in which to from the wireless that You the using or this To the web-based and the IP information about the web-based and on-screen
Checking Network the process, the following: Follow the instructions to the to and the the wireless to connecting to the through or connecting without instructions, the or wireless You to this each that to wireless or If there with than each and the the IP each instructions, If WEP (Wired Privacy) wireless to temporarily WEP Follow the instructions wireless to write the WEP when the If only allows to to to wireless to the
the Wireless the as the CD-ROM You the Double-click If the automatically, to and the CD-ROM Double-click Wireless If about the as shown below, Click You the already
Click Next You the Read the and Follow the instructions the and Next You this to Then the instructions. Click Next to the and WP the the Search with the instructions the section to the Click Next
the the software ready to establish to the and wireless the Search START. the from the and displays information the following: This information appears when the found If to from the holding the least seconds to The lights then both the and lights The light when to the If to the If from than the that matches the MAC the back of the to to the If STOP Then CONFIGURE Click START This the
You the following: If the Wireless Communication Failed, OK, then CONFIGURE If to this the to and Also, from and such as or microwave Click OK the (The or The the wireless and the Wireless or the IP Click OK Click OK Select STATIC
of the the A. STATIC of the following: If DHCP appears the IP IP that conforms to the IP whose IP and the IP should with The of the and or If network DHCP, only the of the IP and of the of DHCP assignments. the of assigned and choose below or the IP as another If to WEP the following: Select 64BIT or 128BIT the WEP which of WEP WEP the or the You to four WEP the Every the the WEP information, the wireless or or If the to to WEP and the wireless when the the SSID matches wireless SSID.
other and OK might to the to something that easy to or to to the with the instructions the section to the and installation. Completing the the and OK the Search Click QUIT. You the following: Click Click QUIT
You the of the following: If or Direct and follow the instructions the to the software and If of the to the Once WP-Admin, the To from the or WP-Admin. ready to that the the wireless to of the following Network XP or Network or Network NT To other
Additional Computers the to the that the wireless the following: the and software. the sheet that with instructions. computers wireless to to the through or connecting without If wireless include option, Computer-to-Computer or whatever to without or the wireless instructions. If there with the and the to of the following sections instructions Network XP or Network or Network NT
Network XP or The of XP and Although this section shows XP, to the as and the IP of the and the wireless (or and correctly. of the following: XP, and Other and Right-click then On the necessary), and You the following: Select TCP/IP and New You the TCP/IP Select TCP/IP Click New
Click Next You the following: the or IP the or IP and Next Follow the instructions the to the Click to the then Apply the To the the and If the click OK to the If to the following: the and connected, and turned to the IP clicked Apply ready wireless instructions, the that with IP or Click Next
Network or and the IP of the and the wireless (or and correctly. You to the Direct wireless or If already the to CD-ROM the You the EPSON Double-click If the automatically, to and the CD-ROM Double-click EpsonNet Direct and follow the instructions the to the software and From the
Right-click and then You the Click the to the following: Click the You the Network selected, then Click Click
You the Click to the Select Click the to Network then the to and the IP matches IP Click OK then OK Click Apply the To the the and the to If the then OK to the If it to the following: that the and connected and that both to Apply ready wireless instructions, the that with
Network NT Microsoft TCP/IP the and the IP and of the and the wireless (or the and correctly. From the Right-click and then On the You the Select LPR Select LPR and New You the following: the IP the or of and the the of or that Then OK Click New the IP the
Click to the Click OK to the Right-click the and To the the and If the OK to the If to the following: that the and and that both to the IP and ready wireless instructions, the that with
This chapter to the software and the Wireless Macintosh. Once the and EPSON from to the as to If follow the instructions the that the to the and the and other software. Then follow the instructions these to the wireless the
to the the of to with This immediately the software, to and You to that or other wireless and/or and Wireless CD-ROM includes WP- which the and other The with built-in web-based This from the wireless that You the the To the web-based and the IP information about the web-based
If Wireless the If and Station or connected existing Ethernet Ethernet the that both and TCP/IP To the to or from the Networks the of the Network. If wireless this as SSID (Service instructions the SSID, the the wireless To the or EPSON recommends that the with Station or With AirPort, reliably than computer-to- If to protected, to to Follow the instructions to and software.
If Non-AirPort Wireless wireless correctly. to through or connecting without If include option, the wireless to Computer-to-Computer or the to without or the wireless If there with than the and or wireless If the from with wireless WEP (Wired Privacy) the wireless instructions.
the the CD-ROM Double-click the You that of the Macintosh. Click OK to the the Then the to the Click Next the Introduction You the Click Next to the and Follow the instructions the to the At the You the Search with the instructions the section to the
the the software ready to establish to the and wireless the Wireless Search START information the following should to than seconds): This information appears when the found If to from the holding the seconds to The lights then both the and lights The light when to the If to the If from than the that matches the MAC the back of the to to the If STOP Then CONFIGURE You Click START This the
If the Wireless Failed, OK, then CONFIGURE If to this the to and Also, from and such as or microwave Click OK the (The or The the wireless and the the of Airport of the the Wireless A. If the to something that easy to or to to the
This to To protection other and OK You the Wireless Search Click QUIT. the Chooser from the Apple Click then the EPSON Turn background and the Chooser. ready wireless instructions, the that with Once WP-Admin, the Double-click the created or the EpsonNet and then the Click QUIT
Additional Computers Once the wireless the and the each Macintosh. Then wireless the and software. the that with instructions. Select and the Chooser. to wireless following the instructions of the sections below. If Wireless the If and Station or existing Ethernet Ethernet the that both and TCP/IP To the to or from the Networks To the or EPSON recommends that the with Station or With AirPort, reliably than
If Non-AirPort Wireless wireless correctly. to connecting through or without If include option, the wireless to Computer-to-Computer or the to without or the wireless If there with than the and or wireless
Wireless This chapter information with and wireless If to or the head, follow the instructions to the These wireless the as they when the connected directly to If cant follow these to the the lights the They know or You information. If the lights Turn off the and the the then and release the the off the information. If the EPSON as If the the the and the as Turn the then the the and release immediately, as The If the the Press the and the and yellow lights (about seconds). Then the to the If EPSON as If the cant through wireless follow the this to the
and troubleshooting or wireless WP-Admin, that Javaw.exe found. You the to WP-Admin. Uninstall the software, as then as the instructions connecting to the the lights The yellow light when to the and the light flashes when to the If the yellow light and or wireless and correctly. the instructions that with the If turned and correctly. You to the and to the the establishing the instructions that with information. If AirPort, that the Also, that and TCP/IP Finally, that or (If earlier of AirPort, to from If Station, selected to from the If or
the the back of the least seconds to the to its factory The and yellow lights when If already the to to restarting and within to without If or from the together. the from and other that with such as and the wireless to connecting through or without wireless the or IP the as IP IP Address instructions IP whose IP and the IP should with The of the and or To the IP the the back of the to Its to IP rather than the computers. IP to from to
If the to AUTO or DHCP and the DHCP assigned another IP to the To the IP the the to Then the IP the IP Address instructions the IP (You this the or the to STATIC If using WEP wireless the Then WEP the the WEP If allows to to to wireless to (or wireless the If wireless originally to back to when You the Communication Failed when CONFIGURE the Search Click OK to the then CONFIGURE the Wireless Search (If from than the first.) If to this the to and Also, the from and other that with such as and microwave You wireless to If correctly. the instructions wireless strengthat least If the try the and to location, from and other that with such as and microwave
to the the MAC the back of the the MAC that appears the Wireless Search the lights to there with the You and to the the Chooser. If this frequently, EPSON that the with or Station. With AirPort, reliably too the from and other that with such as microwave or Bluetooth and to each other. the RF or To interference from other wireless the vicinity, choose that least three higher or than other wireless another to choose or higher, or or lower.) the and computers. Network performance. another or router performance. other You when to You another trying to the The light the flashes when transmitted to the the first printed. when reaches the top of the
You to that follow the WEP to to Follow these without protection the that to the Follow the to and to the the following selections the Select 64BIT the WEP the consisting of or of and from to and and F. 62B91F2A98 If Station, the SSID Then the Wireless to other to the Wireless and OK the Wireless Search QUIT If to the to If Station, the following: Network the to the that the SSID the Network the that the the and lowercase Then to
To the computer-to-computer the following: prompted, as the the the Wireless This preceded the and lowercase the Chooser from the Apple Select then the EPSON Turn background and the Chooser. each to from the Networks or the that prompted, the that created station) or the 10.Follow the instructions to other computers.
Uninstalling the Software You to and then the software this might operating Click XP, Double-click (or or Select Wireless and (or Change/Remove You the Select and Next Then follow the on-screen instructions. the Complete If Direct Print, the and Then follow the on-screen instructions. OK Then OK when the the EpsonNet to the If created WP-Admin, to the Macintosh.
Where To If with the information below. EPSON technical hours through the You reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Wireless (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the You purchase and from EPSON or the EPSON SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
A: The Wireless includes both that information and that allow to Since of the based existing to these the typical wireless such as the or to or security. If EPSON technical to information such as the and revision. Following of the that the (and its wireless The (where the of the MAC/Ethernet Choose that users to the You from to characters this field. follow the that each Wireless that produced. This and Used to to the Wireless The The of characters this field
Revision Indicates the of the software the This field IP to the TCP/IP The IP of four or Each from to If to conforms to the and with the IP other The IP To IP the following: XP/2000/NT From the the text and OK You DOS At the type and You IP which includes the IP At the type to the DOS From the the text and OK You the IP Select wireless from the You IP information, including the IP Click OK to the IP WorkGroup/Domain Used that or this automatically, should to The the or as the
the of to the This the or office. the to IP this to STATIC which the IP from when the and AUTO to IP through DHCP, BOOTP, and RARP. If to IP automatically, the IP If this AUTO to the to to the each the IP Gateway (or Router) this the that RF the that the to the the RF This match If that too to performance the RF computer(s) and To interference from other choose least three higher or than that wireless another to choose or higher, or or lower). MAC the Ethernet of the The MAC Access and You the the back of the
Rate Indicates the throughput of the wireless Ethernet or The to the highest SSID that wireless the WP-Admin, the SSID (Service the wireless The SSID match the The of characters that this field Wireless wireless to with the this automatically, based the wireless software. To to the wireless as the (or Used when the wireless with the through or station. Used when the wireless with the directly, without or station. Ad-Hoc Used testing. Dont this wireless software or the factory with each of the other turn. This the to other wireless IP SSID, If to wireless the the back of the least seconds to to its factory (including This the to the the
WEP or WEP (Wired Privacy), which of security To and the WEP the wireless or information about WEP. If WEP choose four WEP or WEP. WEP to security. about WEP, the wireless or WEP the WEP To the to the WEP the wireless or information about WEP.
B: Specifications and Notices Specifications (IEEE-1284) factory only) 4/2000/XP NetWare through with NDS) OS through Width: inches Depth: inches inches VDC Supply: VAC Wireless Communication Rates: ISM to or Wired Privacy: with
AWGN, 8E-2 PER): TCP/IP or TCP IPP IPX/SPX Direct IPX/IP WP-Admin: easy from or NetWare and advanced TELNET or NetWare NetWare PCONSOLE, PRINTCON, PRINTDEF, NWADMIN Network (SNMP) MIB and II; IP or IPX NetWare or TCP/IP TFTP, or BOOTP); and factory switch
America, Inc. Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the first purchaser that the (the Product) covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician telephone service to whether the service. If service the warranty its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight You securely the and to within of of the or to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service The and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of quality. of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and This warranty and apply to products purchased from This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with SM
products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to Inc. P.O. CA
FCC This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or The radiated of the below the FCC Nevertheless, the such that the operation The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 United States WARNING
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: