FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protections interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the the to outlet from that to which the connected the or You the following the helpful: Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington, DC If the interference caused the or its To further isolate the the peripheral and their input/output If the interference caused the peripheral or its I/O These shielded I/O the shielded from peripheral the or WARNING: This to comply with the Class computing to of of FCC input/output to comply with the Class attached to this with to interference to and TV reception. The of nonshielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface the connected to interfaces. DOC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR CANADIAN USERS This the Class from as the interference of the of Conformation
IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY America or warranties, or implied, or with to this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to COPYRIGHT NOTICE rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of information While the of this publication, America responsibility or from the of the information this and to without TRADEMARKS of Corporation. of America, Inc. Other only and of their respective Copyright Inc. California Y705991101
C of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to operation of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat This should built-in provided. This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding-type third (grounding) This only grounding-type This If to the the to the of the grounding-type this where the If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the
of this through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or or frayed. B. If the C. If the to or D. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions, of other and often to the to operation. E. If the or the F. If the performance, indicating service.
Introduction The 386SX PLUS high-performance which offers and The 80386SX when operations. includes 1MB or 2MB of internal memory, built-in VGA graphics built-in and interfaces, IBM PS/2 and four option (three and These interfaces allow to of peripheral directly to the to option cards. You the option to such as The 386SX PLUS to three internal and or and Optional You easily memory and optional You about optional that with the IBM Computer, PC XT, or PC AT. You the memory memory to the board. Memory they allow memory and the to option If with 1MB of memory, to 10MB 2MB increase the memory to 14MB with You memory however, to memory to 16MB.
You to 80387SX, math to mathematical with authorized to which options and Other Software You of MS-DOS: the operating Microsoft? to with 386SX PLUS. MS-DOS and MENU-that to The HELP information the about MS-DOS command. MENU easy to MS-DOS commands. of MS-DOS includes the Shell which MS-DOS commands selecting options from on-screen MS-DOS with the XTREE XTREE allows to on-screen to of and directory operations. You purchased other software; the IBM PC, PC XT, PC AT, or 386SX PLUS. You software-such as Microsoft Windows/386-with
VGA VGA and that with VGA such as monitors. these of VGA such as graphics to and text to This This to and 386SX PLUS. It to options and Although the with %-inch instructions You to everything this the following chapter instructions On the back cover foldout the of to these as as Introduction
to the to You this You to the Chapter instructions operating including and and Chapter to performance. Chapter of the options 386SX PLUS instructions the cover, and instructions using the VGA and You to to VGA features. to and or C to hardware-level You to this that received this type of low-level or serious with the troubleshooting while the If with of the to of these the technical specifications the At the of the and
Where to Customer and service of authorized and Customer throughout the United States. America information and to its and Customer Therefore, that the business where purchased to If the people there the to they through toll-free that this with the the Consumer Information the following: The The Customer Information To or purchase or or Introduction
Chapter 386SX PLUS easy. follow the this chapter. to this back cover foldout to the the Choosing Location
to choose location where it properly. Select location that the following: or The should enough to easily the of and enough to of its Select location that allows of comfortably. Soft and attract electricity, which and the circuitry. Soft to freely the and inches of around the Protect from humidity, and or other of heat. High operation, cool, To charges, to three-prong, grounded outlets. You outlet the the and outlets and other interference. from such as telephone, which field.
Removing the Protector Card If %-inch there the This the factory to the read/write heads the To the to the then as shown below. (If to the from that as the If to the to This the read/write heads the process.
Connecting The to to the the type of If VGA (or with to the built-in VGA the VGA Interface below. If other type of Card below. the VGA Interface Follow these to VGA to the VGA the turned off. top of or the easy access, turn the and around the of both facing If necessary, the to the permanently attached
the of the and the to match the of the interface with Then the the (the should easily when properly oriented), as shown below. If the screws, them or with screwdriver, the screw type. A/ screws
the the as shown below. the other of the
Card If using to of the option the already the If the to follow the instructions to option first, the following to and properly matched. or EGA graphics (CGA) graphics (MGA) Enhanced graphics (EGA) EGA cards. the to switches or the properly. to switch to or the that with or instructions. (MDA) graphics (MGA) Enhanced graphics (EGA) graphics
Once to this section to to the If with its follow the instructions there. follow the the VGA Interface the instead of the built-in VGA Connecting or Other both and interfaces. To or other peripheral to of these interfaces, follow the instructions below. offers of information. the Interface The interface and DB-25S To and IBM If which with
Once the follow these the to the with the back facing One of the the to match the of the interface with Then the the as shown below. If the screws, them or with screwdriver, the screw type.
the other of the to the as shown below. To the the each of the and them the three-prong, grounded
the Interface If or other peripheral with interface, to the (RS-232C) the back of the The DB-9P To follow the as connecting the the with as shown below. You to that the it functions properly. If using the to redirect to the instead of the To this, the MS-DOS MODE or SETMODE or the MENU MS-DOS Reference instructions.
Connecting the Follow these to the the the the housing the the with as shown below.
You the the the To the of the and each as shown below. Connecting the IBM PS/2 that DIN To to the built-in the oriented properly with the the the with as shown the following
Although the and physically they interchangeably. to the the Once connected to commands to MS-DOS CONFIG.SYS to to MS-DOS Reference and the that with instructions. If to or other connected to option the built-in the Chapter instructions.
Connecting the Cord Follow these to the cord: the the AC the back as shown below. WARNING To shock, to the the it the the other of the three-prong, grounded
Turning On the ready to the first, the following to or yourself: from the when the the with the off or while light This or least seconds off the Turning the off and the top of or to or of its the of off the the cord, and seconds the cover. the cover to optional or Follow these to the the AC the back of the and three- grounded Turn around the front and other that Choosing Location, typical
Turn the and other peripheral connected to the To the the located the right of the front as shown below. The below the lights seconds, the to of each to everything correctly.
the completed its to this If necessary, the to the and characters the clear and of intensity. If and to them to the Turning the ready to off the of to turn Turn off the first, then off the and to Chapter and follow the instructions to the
Chapter the The first 386SX PLUS, to the the Reference to the This least once. (You to the The of and (or the following CI type and functions clocks and type(s) CI and The with the the CMOS RAM, which backed battery. Whenever the it searches the CMOS RAM the information. If the the information the CMOS RAM and its to the the
the memory and math It and of the this reason, to of the the should the options the to that the If with 2MB of memory, the memory as 640KB of memory and 1408KB of memory. If with 1MB of memory, its memory as 640KB of memory and 384KB of memory. If memory, it as memory also. the Follow these to the turned off. the Reference with the facing and the read/write leading the the
the the the Then the to instructions and including -inch Chapter Turn to and the The displays the Operation If appears when the From below. The option highlighted. To The displays the OPERATION MENU Format to DOS Sound clock the
From If such as the following: o o o SETUP REFERENCE DISK) "F1" If this follow these Press F1. The and the displays such as the following: The the the causing the There than the of the such as allow to the the If of these SC the displays the the HDD and/or HDC Memory incorrect, correction Incorrect Checksum incorrect clock HDD incorrect
If the clock You this the highlighted and The the that caused the to that to match The displays the You should the the to they The the that caused the the If choose or instead of selecting to the that caused the to this Sound clock the
the Cursor and to the (the highlighted through the options the highlight the option to to while and to the back Follow the instructions the of this chapter to the to the The the type of with If connected VGA to the built-in VGA the this the type. (With this option the type of the type of If card-or to the these o If that VGA or EGA J6 the to the built-in VGA interface that as the Chapter instructions the
At the highlight You the type, such as the following: VGA If the type this section. To the The the and Press to the this and then to highlight the option that matches type. If which to choose, follow these If the built-in VGA or VGA, EGA, or MCGA EGA, MCGA, VGA or other. tl If graphics (CGA) or graphics (MGA) attached to RGB CGA the switch the MGA to CGA CGA EGA,MCGA,VGA or other or the
If of types, the type that to The other secondary appears whether currently or secondary highlight the type, The displays Highlight SAVE SETTING and to to the the If such as with input, selecting CGA If the and CGA If (MDA), MGA, or MGA attached to choose to the switch the MGA to If other of and EGA, MCGA, VGA or other. the with
the that who to to If to this section. Once the every or If correctly, the and to Therefore, to or write and If to as to the as Network Chapter information.) Follow these to and necessary): At the highlight This appears: Press The to Press You this Network OFF the
To type of characters (including numbers, and to of characters. the backspace to characters the SHIFT such as or The the SHIFT when to the If to to the without SC to to the If to the highlight Network To or off, the
The to network If this appears: To highlight and follow through and or off, highlight SAVE and to to the SETTINGS the high or High and the high memory to high to or the to automatically. You should high everything high and to automatically, the switches to whenever to and high other operations. first the
You to the copy-protected Chapter information. This section to the the You the commands or the ESPEED the Chapter Follow these to At the highlight The appears: If the correct, this section. To the The the and (High and the to switch from high to when Press to the the option Highlight SAVE SETTING and to to the the High High o to highlight the and or
the and The Keyboard/Sound option these three Cl Ci Character built-in that when operations. The applications; however, to the the the characters the The option the whether the or off when To switch the off, (the light off); the off. The the to the selected the If the that with (or another IBM AT the the ON If that or the OFF. The character option the which character when The Normal, the or the
Follow these At the highlight Keyboard/Sound. The appear: If the this section and to the Clock, below. To of the The the and highlighted. To or the the or off), To the or off, highlight Initial and To the highlight KB You the following option Press to the the Highlight SAVE SETTINGS and to to the the Initial ON KB Normal to highlight the and or
the Clock The clock continously the and when the turned off. The first the clock option to the and You to this option to The the years. Follow these to the clock: At the highlight clock. If the and previously the appear: If the and correct, the of this section. If the and incorrect, to below. If the and the template to to the
Press to the the To or the You this hours, and ss seconds.) 24-hour the the shown the each the the to the to would type the following: You the backspace to If to the the to the or to The light when If time-for greater than the hours or than the or seconds-the and entry. the correct, the
To or the highlight and OU this month, and the the shown the the month and and four the the the hyphens. to the type the following: You the backspace to If than the month or than the of that month-the and entry. the correct, the and to they correct. Then once or to to the The the and when each If the or and then the without the and the
the If with already the factory and this section. If or follow these to the At the highlight appear: The the type of to the Then the the of this section of the The that there If the displayed match the of this section. If incorrect, or to about to the
To You such as the following: The the each the of the of read/write heads, the of sectors, the and the (the which the heads when the It displays the capacity If to the (which C computers), to highlight If to the and then Press You this If the or the highlight and the become to of of heads of sectors (MB) of heads of sectors (MB) to highlight the
If to the type, and the of the matches of the the to If to the types, and the of the match of the the to Highlight and The type appears: the type that matches the the
You the type of You type the type The and The displays the and (You type or type that than three Cl You the to through the type numbers, as follows: the type The displays the and to increases the type the type increases the type of from to the type of from to type (the first type) type (the type) This to the as each type the
If the of the match of the the highlight and You the following: of The highlighted the the of and The information of updated the and the of heads. the of read/write heads the and Follow this each item the (the of sectors, the and the If incorrectly, to highlight the and then The allow to the capacity; the based what the of heads, and sectors. type the and the to the heading. If to the the and to or
the correct, to the the top Highlight SAVE SETTINGS and to This the of this and the with to the the type of You to this when the the the
the
8425F, ST125 CP-344 or 8051A as type ESDI HDC or XT1085, Newbury NDR1085 Mlaopolisl3231\,Mlnlscribe3035,MicmsdenceHH1050,SeagateST4053 The type the 386SX PLUS (40,5MB). the
the Type(s) 386SX PLUS with factory-installed If or to the to match If the type Follow these At the highlight The appear: If the the match the of this section. the /+inch or A:
Press The the and the following: You this below: This that the light the currently selected If to the A: highlighted and If to the highlight and The the to highlight the type and The displays the type selected. If to the type another to the correct, highlight SAVE SETTINGS and The to the and the updated information and B. Not KB KB MB MB Selected light ON or the
the Interfaces The and interfaces to as the If these the this section. If option with its or however, to the built-in as secondary and the as primary. The choose which and which secondary there the built-in and the If option with as the as the and the built-in the secondary If option or peripheral with that as the or secondary If option with as the and the other as the secondary and the built-in Follow these to built-in and interface At the highlight The each appear: the
Press to the the You If to the highlighted and If to the highlight and The the to highlight the the selected and The displays the If option with or and highlight that built-in and the the option this Highlight that and If to the the other to the and correct, highlight SAVE SETTINGS and The to the and and interface or Conflict with option the
the to to highlight the and The following summary appears the Memory memory memory Network OFF type EGA,MCGA,VGA or other High There summary to To the You the following: clock A: MB Initial Normal the B:
If the clock, the the top of the screen flashes to to the and the Clock, instructions. To the summary You of of heads of sectors (MB) each summary to the information correct. You to the or to the If incorrect, highlighted and The appears and the Leaving the If or to the highlight without summary and The appears. Press and to (If the or the the without of of heads of sectors (MB) the
If to the highlight EXIT AND SAVE and summary The the and the the If to the Chapter instructions.) The appears. Press and to the the the Reference from and off Then follow the instructions MS-DOS to MS-DOS. (If operating follow the instructions that If the displays while the and the the indicates. If the displays or MS-DOS should the from the to MS-DOS. If from Reference to or the from and when finished the This that the commands CONFIG.SYS and AUTOEXEC.BAT each MS-DOS. to of Reference the and MS-DOS. MS-DOS Reference instructions to the
Chapter This chapter the following procedures LI MS-DOS or another operating Copying the Reference and LI the or the LI Cl and MS-DOS or Another the of and the the operating If MS-DOS, follow the instructions MS-DOS If another operating such as MS OS/2 or UNIX, the that with that instructions. The instructions this that MS-DOS with computer-either or If another operating the that with instructions the operating with
Copying the Reference and If to of the Reference and to the This allows to the directly from instead of to the the COPY MS-DOS Reference to the following from the Reference to ESPEED.EXE AFDD.EXE COREFIX.EXE HDSIT.VER ROMBIOS.COM HDSIT.COM The Reference the and the should these from the Reference A; these to The VGA that allow to graphics high-resolution If to of these VGA to of the VGA the It to the to as of the and instructions them.
the functions when MS-DOS or The following shows the and the that follows the functions It +I the from lower- to back to lowercase when The the top of the and the the of the affected. characters or the top the when with the character lowercase characters when the function Ctrl Works with other to such as operations MS-DOS and character the to the right and to the
tBackspace the back the character to the of the of input or command. (Ins) the function and off. the character the location. Home, F1-F12 within Screen the function (when with Terminates the (when Break with The and as the once to function and to off. the function the light the right of the Works with other to character or the function of the from to positioning the the or Prints the applications. the operation.
Command or You to or while to or operation. If MS-DOS command that to of the following commands: LI the Ctrl and C. the Ctrl and Cl These If operation the commands, to the as the following section. It to off the to or command. If created and the off the The its memory (RAM) the each off or the the Occasionally, to clear the or its memory without turning off. You this the and the to to MS-DOS and the memory that necessary.
To the MS-DOS the or A; the A. There to the If MS-DOS, Ctrl and and the The and then the should MS-DOS. If the Press the RESET the front This when the to If the the to off and from the Turn off the and seconds. If the A. Then the
If when the every or the Follow these to If A. Turn or the The displays At the type The when type character, the the characters type. Then type the correctly and character appears. Then the MS-DOS and displays the MS-DOS If and the Shell when MS-DOS; the Shell instead of the You three to the If the the first or another appears. If the the third the displays the and the the and to the the Computer, instructions.)
If know the D, To follow these If A. Turn or the At the followed the the to and to to ABC, type: characters the such as or The the when to the The what type. Press character appears and then the MS-DOS. 123/ABC
To the the or the To follow these If A. Turn or the At the type: Press character appears and then the MS-DOS. The turn or the and MS-DOS immediately. You to the to using this If know the D.
and The allow to and then and when with or and You or to of three This section and of and and and Format of coated with This that slightly and It sealed protective to free of and the that and capacity. /+inch or
tracks, and sectors. Double-sided both On each there tracks, which further sectors. To what sector the from the of the wheel to the The and the sector The below of and sectors. Double-sided, or each and high-density each or sectors track.
consists of or top of another and four or than the of the of the The of sectors the type of the read/write heads to and To write to the the to the that the where the to written the read/write head. where the read/write head magnetically, and as record, and of The top 1.2MB or 1.44MB You and the type or The following the four of and which to with them: 1.2MB drive-With this /+inch, double-sided, high-density, TPI inch), 1.2MB These sectors track, and to 1.2MB of information, which approximately of MB which 1024KB (or bytes). KB which bytes. character, such as A, or /+inch,
1.44MB drive-with this high-density, TPI, 1.44MB These sectors track, and to 1.44MB of information, which approximately of CI 360KB drive-With this /+inch, TPI, 360KB (You 160KB or 180KB These and or sectors track. With sectors track, to 320KB. With sectors track, to 360KB of information, which of Cl 720KB drive-With this TPI, 720KB These sectors track, and to 720KB of information, which of You this section. and If than type of or from other with other of to of the and the they of the type and /+inch or There that the as the The following the and
/+inch type from and write to 360KB 360KB, 320KB, 180KB, 160KB 1.2MB 1.2MB, 360KB*, 320KB*, 180KB*, 160KB* If write to this 1.2MB to or write to 360KB type from and write to 720KB 720KB 1.44MB 1.44MB. 720KB of these the type and when (Usually this information appears the If of the (1.2MB, 360KB, 1.44MB, or 720KB), from to another-using the COPY or XCOPY command-as as the type each You these commands to and type of the DISKCOPY to from to another the the type. about MS-DOS commands, MS-DOS Reference
and Follow these basic to and If that to write or write-protect This operating and Write-protecting below, from the or or off the while the light This light that the copying to or from If this process, off the from and of or scratch the and the read/write heads or to They and humidity. Dont the or or heat. from that information magnetically.) There or office, such as telephones, and top of or
The of /r-inch the read/write the its protective and the The anything top of and they properly the and to the type and gently, and the top of to the top of another; too to and the the It to write to the If to write that already the or their protective and location, such as or them top of each other. Write-protecting You write-protect to its from write-protected, and from the or If to write-protected MS-DOS displays
To write-protect /+inch cover the notch (shown below) with write- usually included of To the write protection, off the write-protect such as MS-DOS and %-inch notch
On the write-protect switch the back of the the right shown below. To write-protect -inch the switch the of the clicks the To the write protection, the switch the of the clicks and the covered. MS-DOS the to least and displays and accordingly. Usually, MS-DOS the first (the top as and as B. If MS-DOS as both and when to operations that normally write-protect switch
to from to B, MS-DOS the from the first the (which would A) to the memory. Then MS-DOS to another B) and the from memory to the copying to the (A). often this to which which. It to write-protect Write-protecting If and the operating and from the and there, and the copying to or from and to that to the operating as as the operating (the and the operating this to the memory (RAM) to the the Then the and to that memory, instructions.
and If +-inch as follows: the with the facing and the read/write leading the as shown below. the the the Then the to This the and the read/write heads the to the To the the to the the its protective and location, such as If the with the facing and the leading the as shown the following the the clicks
To the the release the and properly. or or turn off the while the light You Also, to off the Formatting the FORMAT command. Formatting the that MS-DOS write You to this once, the the first You previously to This the the to of the MS-DOS Reference instructions the FORMAT command.
It to of and (or of that such as the Reference, MS-DOS, and that with and the the from Also, regularly, whenever them, to them and them from If the and the of however, and to as You (text and CI You the COPY or XCOPY to or of Cl You the DISKCOPY command to of Cl You the BACKUP to back to BACKUP or of than COPY or XCOPY. It allows to back that than the capacity of MS-DOS Reference instructions using these commands.
to using the 40MB as as thirty-three 1.2MB and 100MB as as eighty-two 1.2MB operations You and the the of to The easy to back and forth and because easy to and to trying to of MS-DOS related together and they easy to and MS-DOS Reference instructions and and the procedures MS-DOS to
the While the to back to accidentally. of and copying the to the the to them to whenever them to Caring Follow these to from and to CI off or the when the light This light that the copying to or from the If this process, LI to the The sealed to from CI to the HDSIT to the the below, instructions. the If to to location- whether the country or the room-you should the HDSIT to the the The HDSIT the read/write heads to the that and them securely This protects the from the
Follow these to HDSIT: and the MS-DOS appears the the Reference A. the following and You the that the read/write heads the or the off and The the heads and the the Reference and off the You ready to to the location. If with and the to the to This to the read/write heads. A:HDSIT
Chapter Operations This chapter to of the following of tl AUTOEXEC.BAT and other batch the CI Reassigning the CI as expanded memory 640KB VGA features. AUTOEXEC.BAT and Other Batch to using MS-DOS and that there commands to frequently. You the of these commands them batch type the of the batch and MS-DOS the commands the as typed each from the If that as text-only ASCII that to batch You the MS-DOS COPY or EDLIN to the MS-DOS Reference instructions creating and batch Operations
batch to AUTOEXEC.BAT. Every MS-DOS the AUTOEXEC.BAT and each of the commands. MS-DOS, AUTOEXEC.BAT To or the AUTOEXEC.BAT the that to other batch (COPY, EDLIN, or that as text-only to the AUTOEXEC.BAT and the directory of the or from which MS-DOS. MS-DOS Reference information about AUTOEXEC.BAT the high and High and On high, the memory than to high the to or the to automatically. operating high the TURBO light the front off when Enhancing Operations
You should high everything high and the the to this the copy-protected the to the while the These to disk-the that the protection-in the If copy-protected to to to when the and to high when finished. There of copy-protected the type or to the to Follow these If using copy-protected that only or that to the high speed. If this to the to automatically. If cant the high, the to automatically. If copy-protected that to the the to while the Once the to high, where should to while and the If this and the and then to high to the to automatically. Operations
There three to the the Reference Cl Cl the ESPEED If that the to or the when the to the Chapter instructions. If these only occasionally, should the commands or the ESPEED below) to the Commands Whenever MS-DOS the of the following commands: CTRL ALT the to high CTRL ALT the to CTRL ALT the to to when the
To these commands, the CTRL and the ALT and the or located the The the RESET or off the or using the another command, or the ESPEED below. the ESPEED The E-SPEED allows to the to high or or the to automatically. The ESPEED with the Reference If Reference the to the If the ESPEED.EXE from Reference the from there. Chapter information. To the ESPEED type the following the MS-DOS and ESPEED Enhancing Operations
You the following ESPEED [/H] /High High The the switches should to the to high, or At the MS-DOS type the E-SPEED command and include the switch, such as the following: ESPEED /A This the to to when the If include the switch when type the ESPEED command, the the without the The the RESET or off the or the another command, or the ESPEED the ESPEED batch You to the ESPEED including the batch SAMPLE which when the include the following commands batch to the SAMPLE ESPEED /A SAMPLE Operations
You the batch SAMP.BAT. to the SAMPLE the A. Then type SAMP and The the to and the SAMPLE the the the to and then to high when finished. MS-DOS Reference instructions creating and Reassigning the If they connected that the top and the B. the whenever to the operating or bootable from the A. If both of the type-5 /+inch, 1.2MB capacity, to reassign the If types, however, to the assignments the from B. which to to the that to the while the these instances, the assignments to the top and the A. There to this: Cl the to from the and the The becomes A. Operations
Ci the AFDD to reassign the the AFDD below, instructions. assignments the RESET or off the or reassign the to their assignments. The reassignment the from the CTRL ALT DEL command. the AFDD The AFDD the assignments and the using the assignments, the AFDD to reassign the to their The AFDD with the Reference If Reference the command to the If the AFDD.EXE from Reference the from there. Chapter information. To the AFDD type the following the MS-DOS command and AFDD You such as the following: Reassign New Assign A: 1.44MB 1.2MB B: 1.2MB 1.44MB and other to abort Operations
If the Reference to the AFDD If to the assignments, S. The and MS-DOS, and the assignments If to the assignments, other If the AFDD from reassign the without the the following and AFDD /S The switch the AFDD to the and the assignments without the Enhancing Operations
as Network If to as the network the and the other connected to The write to and from the other computers, it the commands the the commands that to from other computers. operating this to unauthorized from commands the To this security, the the MS-DOS. Once MS-DOS, commands the and MS-DOS the This allows other the to the unauthorized users from commands and the the to when to the (as would turned off). The to unauthorized from knowing that required. You to or to as unauthorized to when operating this Operations
the Chapter instructions to and network If than 32MB, the MS-DOS SHARE command to and locking protection MS-DOS Reference information about SHARE. If SHARE, the following flashes software and WARNING! SHARE should, Network and the from the the following C:\> You the though the to the of MS-DOS and the Shell the Shell instead of the C:\> If from the Reference the instead of the C:\> the below. Operations
Follow these to and You type and the change. Press The MS-DOS appears beneath the first as shown below. the If the incorrect the and to the If the D. Enhancing Operations C C
Expanded Memory 640KB The 386SX PLUS with 1MB or 2MB of memory. MS-DOS and that MS-DOS the first 640KB of memory. You the memory 640KB as memory, or as expanded memory, as below. Expanded memory (such as that the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification (LIM EMS). To of expanded memory, to memory to the memory to expanded memory. memory software when bought 386SX PLUS. If this memory with of MS-DOS. follow the instructions included with the If of MS-DOS and memory the MS-DOS EMM386.SYS to memory to expanded memory. This included with of MS-DOS. MS-DOS Reference instructions EMM386.SYS. If using of MS-DOS and memory with authorized which expanded memory should Enhancing Operations
VGA built-in VGA graphics both VGA and with The VGA allows these to VGA without that VGA features, to or of the the that with These allow to of the of and built-in VGA You to to VGA such as these: Cl to graphics with text Cl Graphics the built-in VGA these VGA them. Operations
The that with and the following VGAMODE The VGAMODE text text-based such as WordStar and WordPerfect. The SETVGA the built-in SETVGA VGA to that the of of graphics SNOOZE The SNOOZE off VGA when specified of information about the VGA and the VGAMODE, SETVGA, and SNOOZE Operations
Chapter and You the performance of of options, including the following: Cl Option Cl Memory Cl math option board to function. option such as or interface, such as to which This chapter to option and with them. Memory memory modules)-allow to increase the amount of memory This chapter the and amounts of If to memory to to You however, follow the instructions this chapter to them yourself. and Removing
math the when software. If purchase math to to because easily. If to yourself, follow the this chapter. This chapter to the the You to of option or to the operates. or of the options to the from the to the this chapter or the Removing the To optional or to the cover from Follow these Turn off the and then peripherals (including the and the from the outlet and from the back Then that connected to the If the top of the off and to the and
Turn the around facing the back shown below, the cover screw the back Turn the screw counterclockwise to the cover. The cover the back of the cover the corners. Press both latches and then the cover from the back You might from the grounding the of the cover. and screw
the cover from the front of the to completely Then and Removing
of the the of the back as shown below, to ground and shock. and Removing
the If or to the operates, to the that of the where placed: and the A) or and the B), as shown below: and Removing @B @B
The following the and their J1 J2 J3 J4 J5 J6 Factory A A A A A A Function the the the built-in the built-in option the built-in the built-in or other connected to option Normal input/output ready One to input/output ready the built-in VGA the built-in VGA or option and
If to follow these the as Follow the instructions the to the cover. option that to the Removing Option Card, instructions. Then the as necessary. the Jumpers, option Option Card, Follow the instructions the to the cover. and Removing
the The below the locations of J1 through J6 the board. the to which to option J1 through J5 located the front of the board. J6 located option to the of the SIMM To from to the other, or to off its and to the other to the or of the to the or surrounding the board. and
Option Card four option three and Each option You option from authorized as as other This section to option to option to memory or math If Removing Option Card, instructions. and
The below shows the four option option and through cards. below, the option option option and
the screw (and washer) from the top of the option cover: to the screw as the the cover. the screw to the option to the the cover the option Unpack the option and switches or necessary. the option instructions to this necessary.) the to of the the board, the If to top of its with the facing the the and
the the top corners and the top of the as shown below. the and the the the and
the the straight Once the reach the the to as shown below. You should the If the smoothly, force the and straight as and
the of the to the back of the with the screw and washer. Follow the instructions the of this chapter to the cover. Then, memory Post-installation Memory Cards, following that section. If other type of option Post-installation the cover. Removing Option Card If to option follow these the cover from the the instructions. the screw the to the back of the and the straight and of the Either the gently with the facing or the preferably with the and its and
the of the option with the cover and with the screw. If option that or to the of the board. If that EGA or VGA to the of J4 and J6. the instructions. the cover. the instructions. Memory with 1MB or 2MB of memory which directly the board. memory increase the amount of memory to 10MB 1MB or 14MB 2MB It to memory they easily incorrectly. If following the instructions this section. and this section and
the following to that the memory properly: Cl to that SIMM the LI the SIMM to the amount of memory the Once the or them If to them yourself, follow the instructions below. Memory There SIMM the board. The consisting of each. Each memory You the each to the One each with L and the other with H. of 3L and 3H. Therefore, SIMM 3L and SIMM 3H. The following the SIMM the 386SX PLUS. other If with 2MB of memory, the first with 1MB, the second. that 1MB or 2MB of memory already directly the board. and
SIMM 2MB 1L 2L 3L 4L 5L 6L SIMM 1MB SIMM SIMM 1MB 1L 2L 3L 4L 5L 6L KKM--- SIMM 256KB SIMM 1MB SIMM KMM-- KMMM- 1H 2H 3H 4H 5H 6H 4MB 6MB 8MB 10MB 12MB 14MB 1H 2H 3H 4H 5H 6H K---- 2MB KKM--- 4MB 6MB 8MB 10MB and Removing memory memory
Once where to the memory follow these to them: the cover. instructions. Turn the that the front facing right and the back facing The SIMM located the the option as shown below. and option
the vertically, they numbered as shown below. If option to the SIMM follow the Removing Option Card, to the card(s). 1L 2L 3L 4L 5L 6L 1H 2H 3H 4H and Removing
the SIMM that the of the SIMM facing to the the back of the and the facing To the SIMM the the right of the as shown below. and Removing
the SIMM and, the the top of the SIMM to the the SIMM and the and the If the SIMM smoothly, force the and the SIMM the and that the the through the both of the SIMM. and each SIMM to option to the SIMM Option Card, instructions. and Removing
Follow the the to the cover the Then following that section, instructions with memory. Memory If to memory from or follow the below. If them yourself, the to from the the cover. the instructions. and Removing
Turn the the front facing right and the back facing The SIMM located the board the option as shown below. SIMM and
the SIMM vertically, the as shown below. If option to the SIMM follow the Removing Option Card, to the card(s). and Removing 1L 2L 3L 4L 5L 6L 1H 2H 3H 4H 5H 6H
or screwdrivers to the that the SIMM each to the too or they the the SIMM to the right and
the SIMM release the and the SIMM from the each SIMM to option to the SIMM Option Card, instructions. Follow the the to the cover the Then following that section, instructions with memory. and
Math the board to 80387SX, math the when software. It increases the which graphic displayed when graphics-oriented software. It to math math that easily incorrectly. If yourself, follow the instructions the that with math If follow the this section. to of the and instructions yourself, or the or To electricity, as stationary as Static when electricity when should cross-head screwdriver to option to the It helpful to flashlight the the math from its and and
follow these to math the cover. the instructions. Turn the that the front facing right and the back facing The math located the front of the board, as shown below. If option to the math follow the Option Card, to and Removing
The math hollow and The right notched, as shown below. There slightly notched the math hollow the top of the the notched corner, as shown below. V and Removing -notched notched
the notched of the with the notched of the The notched corners the to the the to the If the the permanently Gently the the of the as shown below. If the smoothly, force the and straight as It completely when the of the with the of the the to the the and Removing
option to the Option Card, instructions. Follow the the Then Post-installation following that section, instructions with Math If to math from You extracting to the without to without this easily Once the Reference to without math Chapter instructions. and
the Cover (or optional or follow these to the cover: Turn the around facing the back the cover that the with three the from Then the cover the as shown below. and
the three the three notches the back of the front of the notches the back of the cover the and of the cover to tight and
Turn the screw the back clockwise to the cover to the the to the and other peripherals the to the back of the and to Post-installation Memory Cards optional memory to to Follow these the Reference to to include the memory memory Chapter instructions. the that with memory to the with memory memory instructions. If the memory the CORFIX below, the that with the memory If memory and to of its memory as expanded memory, Expanded Memory 640KB Chapter Post-installation below, information with option and
the CORFIX To with the memory to CORFIX, Reference and SMART, the You CORFIX SMART. If the CORFIX from Reference to the Copying the Reference and Chapter information. Then follow the instructions below to the CORFIX from Follow these to the CORFIX If necessary, the MS-DOS appears If Reference and the At the to MS-DOS and If necessary, and to A. type A: At the C> or A> type CORFIX and The following appear: o o to with the SMART when the SMART only immediately this (Y/N) and
To the Y; to to MS-DOS without CORFIX, N. If Y, the MS-DOS and this the SMART instructions. Post-installation or math or memory to the Reference the information. If or other type of option, such as option or to to to to the know the type of instructions. If that (such as to the the that with and then, necessary, follow the instructions C to If and to MS-DOS or another operating from that to the operating MS-DOS or the that with operating instructions. and completed. The SMART used.
If optional memory the that with the to the with the memory memory instructions. Additionally, to commands MS-DOS Reference and the that with option instructions. You to newly-installed option. options with their and others with the Reference You the Reference to the following: Cl memory Cl Math Cl and and Cl instructions. and Removing
the VGA Graphics (VGA) built the board which with the IBM VGA. This allows to the with VGA monitors, other of VGA monitors, and VGA that input. The internal VGA based the Chips and 82C452 VGA to its VGA the offers of functions and higher which attached to of these The VGA VGA and of software to properly. You to these software and to graphics high- These ate with the built-in VGA If of the option the and software that with that further information the with Card" Chapter of this the VGA A-I
This the and operation of the software and the that with The built-in High-speed memory interface to memory and to graphics with text Graphics the If high-resolution, graphics these Microsoft Microsoft Microsoft/IBM OS/2 Research@ GEM@ Publisher@ Ashton-Tate WordStar WordPerfect. A-2 the VGA
the software the include the following CI VGAMODE Cl SETVGA SNOOZE LI MOUSE7PT.EXE patch to or of the or the follow these of the the DISKCOPY or the MENU MS-DOS Reference instructions.) the and to the software and the VGA A-3
Cl of the software of software and properly other of the software. (The of that the software the the software The of this to and the software and Microsoft and You the with the or with of the of with Microsoft and other The the following graphics CI graphics. the the when the (If already it with the Follow the below: the instructions the and to the The displays that includes the type, and that the detected Press and A-4 the VGA to highlight VGA
The shows of Press to the the A. The displays the following and then to choose the arrow to of the following and Follow the instructions and the to the the the graphics selected. to highlight the selection below, and Other \WIN286 PC/AT or PS/2 with CHIPS 82C452 PC/AT or PS/2 with CHIPS 82C452 the VGA A-5
Microsoft of or with graphics when of these the the when the If already with the Follow the below: the instructions the and to the displays of and to the using to select: The that includes the type, and that the Press and The shows of Press to the the A. A-6 the VGA COMPAQ 80386-Based Computers and to highlight the following option and Other to highlight VGA
The displays the following and then to choose the arrow to of the following and Follow the instructions and the to the the the graphics selected. Microsoft/IBM OS/2, The OS/2 these graphics CI graphics. the To of these follow the below: If OS/2, follow the instructions OS/2 to OS/2 VGA \WIN386 PC/AT or PS/2 with CHIPS 82C452 PC/AT or PS/2 with CHIPS 82C452 the VGA A-7
the and that OS/2 and operating properly. If from At the OS/2 type CD and to to the directory. Then type MD VGA and to directory. You to the VGA directory. Follow the instructions OS/2 to to the directory. Copy the from the DLL subdirectory the VGA directory. To this, type the following and the A. This includes directory PM which the following OS/2 C! VGA480.DLL CI VGA600.DLL Select the to and to the VGA directory the VGA.DLL. to the type the following and the VGA A-8 COPY A:\PM\VGA600.DLL C:\VGA\VGA.DLL
the VGA directory of the following and to the the directory. CD and the following and the following and Press F6 and then Ctrl and and to the OS/2 the graphics selected. The to the Interface (ADI) and the following of CI graphics (DS2V480.EXE) CI graphics (DS2V600.EXE). COPY VGA.DLL DISPLAY.DLL COPY CONFIG.SYS+CON: CONFIG.SYS LIBPATH=C:\VGA A-9 the VGA
the the instructions to the To the follow the below: Copy the from to the directory containing the directory. To the the A; then type the following and the the memory. directory. Then type the the MS-DOS and This the to the graphics memory, type the following and You the each or the AUTOEXEC.BAT To the AUTOEXEC.BAT to the graphics follow these C and to the directory of the following and A-10 the VGA COPY A:\ACAD2\*.* DS2V600 COPY AUTOEXEC.BAT+CON AUTOEXEC.BAT
DS2V600 and Press F6 and then The first with the to ADI Follow the below: Select from the the displays the Select ADI as (The that this 7A the and to the The to the Interface (ADI) and the following of CI graphics (R3V1480.EXE) graphics (R3V1600.EXE). the VGA A-11
the the instructions to the To the follow the below: Copy the from to the directory containing the directory. To the the A; then type the following and or the the memory. directory. Then type the the MS-DOS and to the graphics memory, type the following and You the each or the command AUTOEXEC.BAT To the AUTOEXEC.BAT to the graphics follow these C and to the directory of the following and R3V1600 and Press F6 and then the VGA A-12 COPY A:\ACAD9\*.* R3V1600 COPY AUTOEXEC.BAT+CON AUTOEXEC.BAT
The first with the to ADI Follow the below: Select from the the displays the ADI as (The that this 7A the and to the If the first with the to ADI Follow the below: the the SHADE.CFG from the directory (You the DEL or ERASE command; MS-DOS Reference The and ADI both and that from the creates SHADE.CFG the VGA A-13
The to the Interface (ADI) and The following Cl graphics (R4V1480.EXE) CI graphics (R4V1600.EXE). the the instructions to the To the follow the below: Copy the from to the directory containing the the directory. To the the A: then type the following and to or the the memory. the the MS-DOS and to the graphics, type the following and A-14 the VGA COPY A:\ACAD10\*.* R4V1600
You the each or the AUTOEXEC.BAT To the AUTOEXEC.BAT to the graphics follow these C and to the directory of the following and R4V1600 and Press F6 and then The first with the to ADI Select from the the C o o Select ADI as (The that this 7A the and to the COPY AUTOEXEC.BAT+CON AUTOEXEC.BAT A-15 the VGA
If the first with the to ADI Follow the below: the the SHADE.CFG from the directory (You the DEL or ERASE command; MS-DOS Reference The and Select ADI both and that from the SHADE.CFG Research GEM, GEM the following LI graphics CI graphics. the Follow the below to the If already GEM to to the GEM If GEM with A-16 the VGA
the instructions GEM to GEM, with the VGA the GEM and A. the following and Follow the instructions displayed the to the GEM installation. Follow the below to GEM the from and Format the the MS-DOS FORMAT or the MENU Utility. MS-DOS Reference instructions.) FORMAT the following: the following and the the and A. the following and The the below: GEMPREP characters, GEM DRIVRPK COPY \GEM2\SCRNSTAL.EXE B: B: and when ready the VGA A-17
This that using with only If the from to without prompting to the the and The displays the below: the and the the MS-DOS type the following and The displays the below: the the and The displays this the and the the MS-DOS type the following and A-18 the VGA A: and when ready COPY \GEM2\GEMSETUP.TXT B: B: and when ready A: and when ready COPY \GEM2\*.SYS B:
The displays the below: the the and The displays the below: the when the the and the when the to the B. the .SYS copied, the displays the MS-DOS GEM the GEM A, type the following, and Follow the instructions GEM and the to the You to the GEM as as the GEM_DRIVRPK created. If GEM and to to the other the GEM_DRIVRPK ready, and then from to the B: and when ready A: and when ready SCRNSTAL C: A-19 the VGA
Research GEM, GEM these graphics graphics. the Follow the below to the If already GEM to to the GEM If GEM with the instructions the GEM to GEM, and IBM VGA or Compatible as the GEM and A. Then type the following and Follow the instructions the to the GEM installation. Follow the below to GEM the from and Format the using the MS-DOS FORMAT or the MENU Utility. MS-DOS Reference instructions.) FORMAT the following: A-20 the VGA GEMPREP characters,
the following and the and A. the following and The displays the below: This that with If the from to without prompting to the the and The displays the below: the and the the MS-DOS type the following and The displays the below: GEM DRIVRPK COPY \GEM3\GEMVDI.EXE B: B: and when ready A: and when ready COPY \GEM3\MDGEM8.SYS B: B: and when ready A-21 the VGA
the the and The displays the below: the and the MS-DOS type the following and The displays the below: the the and The the below: the and the the MS-DOS type the following and The displays the below: the when the the and the when the to the B. the .VGA copied, the MS-DOS A-22 the VGA A: and when ready COPY \GEM3\GEMSETUP.TXT B: B: and when ready A: and when ready COPY \GEM3\*.VGA B: B: and when ready
GEM the GEM A; then type the following, and Follow the instructions GEM to the existing Choose item to Other The to the A. the the GEM_DRIVRPK created, and the Publisher, and Publisher, and the following graphics graphics. the Follow the instructions below to the If already Publisher or to to the If Publisher or with Publisher following the instructions Specify as the temporary the Publisher installation, the A. GEMPREP A-23 the VGA
temporary directory VENTEMP At the MS-DOS type the following and To the from the VEN1 directory the VENTEMP directory type the following and the the MENU or the MS-DOS FORMAT to MS-DOS Reference instructions.) the and the VENTEMP directory. Then type the following and A. If Publisher, type the following and If Publisher, type the following and Select VGA or VGA and the to the instructions the A-24 the VGA MD VENTEMP COPY A:\VEN1\*.* C:\VENTEMP\*.* COPY A: VPDRIVER
Publisher, includes Publisher to graphics the Follow the instructions below to the If already Publisher to to the If Publisher with the Publisher to the the Publisher the A. temporary directory VENTEMP At the MS-DOS type the following and To the from the VEN2 directory to the VENTEMP directory type the following and the the MENU or the MS-DOS FORMAT to MS-DOS Reference instructions.) MD VENTEMP COPY A:\VEN2\*.* C:\VENTEMP\*.* the VGA A-25
Copy the from the VENTEMP directory to the directory the the and the VENTEMP directory. Then type the following and A. the following and Which graphics the following: Follow the instructions Publisher and the to and Ashton-Tate Release release of II that the following graphics: Cl text (CT452000.SC) Cl text (CT452003.SC) Cl (CT452030.SC) Cl text (CT452033.SC) A-26 the VGA COPY A:\*.* VPDRV2 Chips and VGA
graphics: CI text (CT452200.SC) LI text (CT452203.SC) Cl text (CT452230.SC) Cl text (CT452233.SC). the You the when the II If already II, with the Follow these the instructions the to the and II. Choose option first installation. Copy the to from the directory FW2 the to the directory the containing the II the using the of the II directory the Select the following: other of the On the option If this option to follow the instructions to option, or A-27 the VGA
the displays the option C o o From the option On the option Then the following: the of the to the parentheses to the Press to to the Select option to the and from the Release Releases and The with releases and of as as releases and of the following Cl text Cl A-28 the VGA o o
the Follow the below to the or the instructions the Copy the from the LOTUS directory the to the directory containing or to the the type the following, and the directory containing type CD and To the type the following and the loaded, the Select Advanced options from this o o o o Select Text COPY A:\LOTUS\*.* C:\123\ INSTALL A-29 the VGA
Choose of the following from the Text VGA 82C451 Cl VGA 82C451 Cl VGA 82C451 Although the displays 82C451, should 82C452. selecting the to Select The the of the the this to that the of the the the this 132X25. the might the 80X50. the selecting from the If other than as the include the command to 132X25, type the following and to 132X25.SET A-30 the VGA
WordStar, built-m VGA WordStar, text without once WordStar to patch to the WordStar the Patch To the patch to the WordStar follow the below: WordStar directory. the following and to of the WordStar the A. To the WS33INST.EXE from the UTILS directory the to WordStar directory, type the following and the following and to the WS33INST.EXE This the to the WS.COM COPY WS.COM WSORIG.COM COPY A:TILS\WS33INST.EXE WS33INST the VGA A-31
To the WS.COM to WS132.COM, type the following and To the WSORIG.COM to WS.COM, type the following and WordStar To WordStar specify text to WordStar. To this, and the VGAMODE VGAMODE this instructions VGAMODE.) VGAMODE, follow these the following and to specify text the following and to WordStar: WordStar, to to type the following and VGAMODE A-32 the VGA REN WS.COM WS132.COM REN WSORIG.COM WS.COM VGAMODE WS132
WordStar, and VGA WordStar, and text without to WordStar to this option. WordStar follow the below to the text WordStar directory. the following and to WordStars The the of WordStar If WordStar without the this WS.EXE. the and The then the of where the the to the following and Select option A, from the From the option A, Choose option C, SSD BNL WS132.EXE the VGA A-33
the displays the Screen type and Press each to from the The whether to the At the Y. The the the specified and the displays the MS-DOS command WordStar and To WordStar or to text to WordStar. You this the VGAMODE VGAMODE this instructions VGAMODE.) VGAMODE, follow these the command below and to text the following and to WordStar. WordStar, to to type the following and VGAMODE A-34 the VGA VGAMODE WS132
WordPerfect, and VGA and of WordPerfect text without However, to WordPerfect to this option. WordPerfect follow the below to the text Follow the instructions VGAMODE this to VGAMODE WordPerfect directory. the following and to VGAMODE and to text the following and to WordPerfects the Specify to the of field. the displays WordPerfect To the of the the the WordPerfect instructions.) VGAMODE WP /S the VGA A-35
WordPerfect and WordPerfect or to text to the You this the VGAMODE VGAMODE this instructions VGAMODE.) VGAMODE, follow these the below and to text the following and to WordPerfect: WordPerfect, to to type the following and VGAMODE WordPerfect, and VGA WordPerfect and graphics and text WordPerfect or follow the below to the the the WordPerfect directory the A. A-36 the VGA VGAMODE WP
the following and WP and to the WordPerfect the and F1 to the At this and type. Thenchoose CHIPS VGA Follow the below to WordPerfect text the VGAMODE to specify and VGAMODE this instructions VGAMODE.) VGAMODE, follow these the following and WordPerfect. The the and automatically. COPY A:\WP5\*.WPD VGAMODE the VGA A-37
VGAMODE This text based applications, such as WordStar and WordPerfect. You to the to text the The UTILS directory the the VGAMODE The below to the If already directory directory VGAMODE. MS-DOS Reference information creating the A, and the from the to directory. created directory SET, would type the following and to the VGAMODE to the AUTOEXEC.BAT VGAMODE, include pathname AUTOEXEC.BAT To the AUTOEXEC.BAT follow these At the MS-DOS command the directory, type the following and A-38 the VGA COPY A:TILS\VGAMODE.COM C:\SET\ COPY AUTOEXEC.BAT+CON AUTOEXEC.BAT
To the the VGAMODE type the following and instance, the directory type Press F6 and then MS-DOS Reference information about pathnames. the The VGAMODE allows to the of and the You specify these the VGAMODE them the VGAMODE command The of the VGAMODE and or to with type the following and VGAMODE To VGAMODE, the that VGAMODE the section this to PATH C:\pathname\ PATH C:\SET\ the VGA A-39
SETVGA This VGA built-in VGA the operations of of the following graphics IBM IBM graphics IBM graphics graphics SETVGA built-in VGA This allows to that written of these when these VGA software the SETVGA A-40 the VGA
the The SETVGA the UTILS directory the To the follow these If directory directory SETVGA. MS-DOS Reference information creating the and the from the to directory. created directory SET, type the following and to the SETVGA to the AUTOEXEC.BAT SETVGA, include pathname AUTOEXEC.BAT Follow these At the MS-DOS the directory, type the following and To the the SETVGA type the following and COPY A:TILS\SETVGA.EXE C:\SET\ COPY AUTOEXEC.BAT+CON AUTOEXEC.BAT PATH C:\pathname\ the VGA A-41
instance, the directory this command: Press F6 and then MS-DOS Reference information about pathnames. the To VGA interface the including the SETVGA The command SETVGA of the following MDA and MDA CGA EGAC and EGA EGAM and EGA HERC VGA to EGA type the following and SETVGA EGAC A-42 the VGA PATH C:\SET\ and CGA and and to VGA operation
SNOOZE This such as or from the phosphor of the The the to the inactive of which specify. The Then the of the The SNOOZE the UTILS directory the Follow these to If already directory directory SNOOZE. MS-DOS Reference information creating the A, and the from the directory. created directory SET, type the following and to the SNOOZE to the AUTOEXEC.BAT SNOOZE, include AUTOEXEC.BAT To the AUTOEXEC.BAT follow these At the MS-DOS command the directory, type the following and COPY A:TILS\SNOOZE.COM C:\SET\*.* COPY AUTOEXEC.BAT+CON AUTOEXEC.BAT the VGA A-43
To the the SNOOZE type the following and instance, the directory would type: Press F6 and then MS-DOS Reference further information about pathnames. the To the type SNOOZE and You information about the SNOOZE and indicating that the SNOOZE to The of inactivity the You the SNOOZE from to the SNOOZE to SNOOZE of type the following and SNOOZE To SNOOZE, type SNOOZE and A-44 the VGA ATH C:\pathname\ PATH C:\SET\
Microsoft Patch If the Microsoft and the operating properly within to the patch below. the or incorrectly when the This patch which then that the The unchanged. The MOUSE7PT.EXE patch the UTILS directory Follow these to the patch: A. Then type the following and to the UTILS directory: the following and (where C the and directory which MOUSE.COM and NEWMOUSE.COM the the This NEWMOUSE.COM that patched to the You of the other than NEWMOUSE.COM; to the .COM. A:TILS MOUSE7PT C:\MOUSE.COM NEWMOUSE.COM the VGA UtiIities A-45
to the to the the memory. You this the of the the MS-DOS or AUTOEXEC.BAT (or another batch to include the of the If included the MOUSE.SYS CONFIG.SYS the to patch the .SYS .SYS .COM. A-46 the VGA the
and Removing This to the following: Cl or or the include to three and or and and mounting to the as shown below. and B-1 mounting
or to to If to yourself, follow the instructions this or or the Correct The the that with That of the following types: Cl /+inch mounting You of of the following the CI Cl $+-inch mounting /+inch mounting with already the mounting If If first to the mounting If or the B-2 and /+inch with %-inch with with of this
to This that and recommended this The instructions this to and optional and from the illustrated this the If with follow these instructions instead of that If or of the this apply to If this the the that with information. Each section this of the to to of the the of the this follow the Chapter to the cover. If or follow the the Jumpers, B-4, first. The the of that section which to If or and currently the mounting from the B-24. The that section to other instructions to follow. If or and the mounting or Removing the B-27. and B-3
the You to or the of the following: or Cl and leaving another If to From the B-24, instructions. to or the the The the whether or If and another to the the to that only The following the the One HSP C/D DSP ACT and Removing B-4
If first the should already the If they follow the instructions the B-8, to the If the the to their the B-6, instructions. If the Drives, below. the If the each to which the and which the the which the operating that the its memory each You and both the and the the operating the The and the Reference as and as The to as and as that the the Follow the instructions the section to the both of and B-5
the The located the board, the The slightly location than the shown below, them the There four the each only of the and the other To from to the other, or to it off its and to the other to the or the as If to the should C/D and ACT. If them to these Then the B-8, instructions first B-6 and Removing HSP C/D DSP ACT
If using of four included with each three of the the C/D, DSP, and ACT. the fourth the ACT. If both of should the the first. or the B-27, instructions. If of already the follow the From the B-24, to the Then the both while they of the The that section which instructions to follow If and to the the to that the the follow the instructions the B-24, the the and B-7
the Follow the instructions this section to (or the mounting You to the following CI the mounting from CI Removing the mounting plate from the and connecting to the LI the Connecting the and If the mounting should follow of the this section. If that from this the B-13. Removing the Mounting From the with /+inch mounting attached to each of the as shown below. B-8 and
On there Follow these to the mounting (and from the If necessary, the screws the and the grounding plate to of the mounting as shown below. the four screws the mounting to the There screws each as shown below. plate and Removing B-9 screws screws
the four screws them to the mounting plate to the Then the with the facing and Attaching the Mounting Plate If to mounting plate to the This mounting plate currently attached to the of the subassembly, as shown below. Follow these to the mounting plate from Turn the that the front facing The mounting located the front the right of the subassembly. B-10 and subassembly mounting plate mounting
screwdriver, the screw the mounting plate to the and Then the mounting to and B-11 screw
Turn the facing and the the back of the facing to the right. the below.) the of the mounting the as shown below. the four the mounting plate with the four the of the the four screws that from the mounting and them to the mounting to the and B-12 mounting
the Follow these to the the mounting the that the with It with three each and the the the of the shown below, there of the of the One of the with The the back of the of of the II B-13 and I.1 ,,I
the with the that the the with the with the the with the as shown below. the the and then the the If correctly the with the the top of the subassembly with the mounting facing B-14 and
of the supply that from the supply the the The P1, P2, or P3 and clear You of the three shown below, the of the notched The supply the back of the to the connected. The notched as shown the supply with the supply that the notched the with the notched corners of the supply supply notched corners and B-15 notched corners notched corners
the the and then the the the and the mounting the mounting plate facing the subassembly, as shown below. Notice that there facing the of the mounting These the right of the subassembly when the and
the the mounting the of the the and the the shown the the mounting the the of the subassembly. Then the the subassembly and the screw the mounting with the the the to the with the screw. If the instructions to while the subassembly of the the Subassembly, B-47. follow the the section. and Removing B-17
Connecting the Follow these to the subassembly and the to the board: the front from the slightly the three the top of the and the Then it To the subassembly from the front of the thumbs the and the top of the with the of (If the thumbs that instead.) Then the subassembly with thumbs. B-18 and
the front of the subassembly to as shown below. B-19 and
of to the subassembly or With other hand, the of the that the when the the subassembly and the front of the the the front of the board front of the that the There notch of the as shown below. the and the the of the There of the as shown below. the with the that the of the with the with the of the with the Then that the of the and the the B-20 and notch
the front of the subassembly the as shown below. B-21 and
the the front of the subassembly the the front of the that the the and the with the the front of the If necessary, the the subassembly To the front the three ridged the of the the three notches the of the as shown below. B-22 and notches
the front the the top of the the Then the top of the clicks should with the front of the Follow the the Chapter to the cover the Then Chapter instructions with the the to to the and Removing B-23
Removing From the Turn the that the front facing The vertically mounted attached to the right of the subassembly, as shown below. B-24 and subassembly vertically mounted
the screw the mounting plate to the and the slightly to the right, from the subassembly, and of the mounting Turn and top of the subassembly with the mounting facing the attached to its to too from the subassembly as turn and B-25 screw
the supply from the the back of the as shown below. the straight from the the too the the the from the back of the the as shown If the to or follow the instructions or Removing the the through If to the to B-26 and Removing supply mounting plate 1-F
the four screws that the mounting to the Then and the mounting with the screws. the its and Then the supply and the that they the mounting the that the with other or mechanisms. Follow the the Chapter to the cover the Then Chapter instructions without to to the or the This section to or or the You these instructions to the however, the the If or the first the and first the mounting the and B-27
If the mounting this or From the B-24. If to from the (or already follow the the Subassembly, below. You the subassembly from the or the Subassembly You the subassembly yourself, Follow these to the subassembly from Turn the that the front facing To the front slightly the three the top of the and the as shown below. B-28 and front
the from the front of the If to the the front and to If the cover from the front as the front and screwdriver to the screws the cover to the the cover, as shown below. the front cover, and screws and B-29 SCreWS cover
The subassembly casing that the and the supply, as shown below. To the subassembly, first from the front only. the and the top of the with the of as shown below. (If the thumbs that instead.) B-30 and Removing subassembly
the front of the subassembly with thumbs. to as shown below. B-31 and
of to the subassembly or With other hand, reach the subassembly and the attached to the front of the board. The connected to the that to the front of the as shown below. the and it straight to from the the The connected to the the Disconnect this the B-32 and
the subassembly, reach further back and the supply from the back right of the board, as shown below. each of the straight only the the subassembly of the and If follow the instructions the B-34. If to Removing From the B-44. and B-33 supply
the the following that the that or that (If the Jumpers, B-4, instructions.) If or to that /+inch mounting attached to the fits properly the and with mounting already If with follow the instructions the that with to them. The this section the instructions to Follow these to the If /+inch the that the release the If the that the release the right and the light the If the that the with the facing B-34 and
There each of the the the round the with the the of the as shown below. the the and the back of the subassembly. Watch the the of the when the the the of the the subassembly. If its that the front of the with the the (A fits the the and B-35
the screw the front each of the and them with screwdriver, as shown below. though there four the with the screws that with If to If to If the to the subassembly and Then the connected to the top and the other free. You to the the of the to the shown the there this and of the B-36 and
The interface that from the back of the both Near of the interface, there to the the the with the interface that the the with the the interface, as shown below. interface B-37 and
the fits properly the interface and then the the interface. If correctly the when If from the mounting to If to instructions connecting the the that from the the mounting Follow the instructions below to the this to the vertically mounted shown the below, there of the One of the with B-38 and
the that from the mounting Notice the the back of the of of the the with the that the the with the with the the with the as shown below. the the and then the the and Removing B-39
If the and This however, the the of the to the mounted (If necessary, the subassembly to to the the subassembly, of the supply that from the supply the The P1, P2, or P3 and clear You of the three shown below, the of the notched comers. The supply the back of the to the The notched comers, as shown below. You supply to each If from the mounting the supply to this first. If the supply to the the B-40 and Removing supply notched corners
the that the notched the with the notched corners of the supply the the and then the the If correctly the with the severely when the If to vertically mounted the Subassembly, B-47. If connected the supply to vertically mounted to the supply to the the Then the the Subassembly, B-42, instructions the vertically mounted and B-41 notched corners
the the Subassembly This section to the mounting The following the subassembly the with the front attached. the the whether the subassembly already or Follow these the and the right of the subassembly with the mounting facing the subassembly, as shown below. Notice that there facing the of the mounting These the right of the subassembly when the and B-42
the the subassembly, the of the the and the (If the the of the leads to that shown the the mounting the the of the subassembly. Then the the subassembly and the screw the mounting with the the the to the with the screw. To the subassembly, the Subassembly, B-47. and Removing B-43
Removing From the The this section the the instructions to from the or to from the Follow these to from the from the back of the as shown below. the from the back of the It connected the interface, as shown the and B-44
screwdriver, the screws that the the to of the screws. There least screw each of the as shown below. and Removing B-45 supply screws
the from the front of the and completely If and another the the to that (If the Jumpers, B-4, instructions.) If to the mounting the Subassembly, B-47. If to that from the mounting follow the the B-13. However, to the while the subassembly of the Follow the that section as the subassembly Then the Subassembly, B-47. B-46 and Removing
the Subassembly Follow the below to the subassembly Notice that there four mounting the back of the subassembly: the and the comers. and B-47
There four the back of the which the the subassembly the subassembly from and the back the the top the the the top the subassembly, as shown the B-48 and
the front of the subassembly and the leading from the back of the that they the subassembly the front of the
of to the subassembly or With other hand, reach the subassembly and the board supply The P4 and P5, and white their Each and as shown below. B-50 and
There supply the right of the board the back) that both of the supply The as shown below.
supply P4 that the the the right of the with the the the back of the the the with the the the the and then the the If correctly the with the the when the P5 to the the using the holding the subassembly, the and (The slightly than the the back of the to which the and which the B-52 and
Both the and the notch The to the front of the board and the The the first. shown below, there of the the with the that the the with the notch the the the the the and then the the If correctly the with the the severely when the B-53 and Removing notch
the shown below, there of the the The the front of the notch the with the that the the with the notch the the the of the the and then the the If correctly the with the the when the B-54 and
the front of the subassembly the that four the back of the the the subassembly as B-55 and Removing
the the front of the subassembly the the front of the that the the and the with the the front of the If necessary, the the subassembly To the front the three the of the the three notches the of the as shown below. B-56 and Removing front
the front the the top of the the Then the top of the clicks The should with the front of the (If the cover, to to Follow the the Chapter to the cover the Then Chapter instructions with and Removing B-57
C Physically Formatting This to physically low-level this should confused with the the MS-DOS FORMAT command. The physical formatting of that usually the factory the If with or optional physically You follow the instructions the MS-DOS to If that with its that to physically the You to the this chapter to physically of the following Cl numerous read/write or other serious with the the becomes causing the to You to the this You that the low-level and with its Physically formatting If the or formatting necessary, Formatting C-1
to the the formatting the SELECT or FDISK and the formatting SELECT or FORMAT. physically or option or of the Format to MS-DOS. Follow the instructions MS-DOS The and the to Choosing the of Format Follow these to the formatting the Reference A. Turn or the The MS-DOS and displays the Press to highlight Format and The Format appears the C-2 Formatting HARD DISK FORMAT MENU
The formatting options as follows: Format first the and which to as Then the the and the they to read/write or tracks and the this option writes and reads the that You the that the without You the that The type of choose whether reformatting that or formatting the first the below. Reformatting Used If reformatting that appears to follow these the to tracks. If the BACKUP to back the MS-DOS Reference instructions to BACKUP.) the C-3
Formatting New with of the the You to the track to the tracks. Other (such as those with the already If formatting that the option to the Selecting Option this often to option from There to this: Cl You the arrow to the highlighted to the option and You type the of the option and You option that appears the while formatting the of these Therefore, when the instructions this to option, the arrow to highlight the option or type the of the option. Then (You to the operation.) Starting the Formatting If than this Select the first or the Then the instructions below the Format option to C-4 Physically
Option Format If from the Format the following that Format Scan to information (Y/N) (If the already the the to tracks.) Select to the or to the process. If Y, the the and displays these the process: Scanning tracks... Head You the head and as the the the displays the such as the following: Scanning finished. Count of Count of with other Count of Next the following recommended sectors (Y/N) Formatting C-5
the the 386SX PLUS, to the sector the interleave factor) of other to this the that with the recommends To the Y. To N. You the following sectors from through which the sector the The sector the type. Then Next this recommended sectors head (Y/N) the recommended of another type of the recommended the the To the Y. To N. You the following sectors head from through which the sector the The sector the type. Then C-6 Physically Formatting
The allows to the of tracks: Head Head Head Head Head o At the of the this (Y/N) to the as Then the following section and to the below. To to the the section below. the Defective Track If to the the following options the of the Defective Track Table to track with track, C track, track, editing To track, follow these Press A. You this Physically C-7
the of the containing the and You this the head the and To the operation, without appears the and the track, necessary. If the to the incorrect and C to the or to the from the the as track. The and head and to the capacity of the If or head of the of appears and the to the the tracks, without the the the correct, F. The displays about the of proceeding with formatting. Physically Formatting C-8 head
the ready to formatting the the following warning: WARNING? ALL DATA WILL BE DESTROYED IN ALL PARTITIONS OF HARD DISK, NOT JUST IN MS-DOS PARTITION! to formatting (Y/N) If to the N. If Y; the chance to DOUBLE CHECK THAT YOU HAVE BACKUP DISKETTE COPIES OF ALL YOUR FILES. to and (Y/N) Select to formatting (and or to If with Format started. Head Physically Formatting C-9
You the head and as the formatting the and of these: Format finished. tracks... head Format completed. Press ENTER to to the Press to to the Format Option You of to tracks, and that If this the that the this reason, think that causing first option to the The operates of writing, reading, and information track of the that already as tracks. C-10 Physically Formatting
To this from the Format You these Read/Save/Write/Read/Restore/Read tracks... the each track, counts the to the the the of the including of that write, errors-such as the following: finished. Count of Count of with write, Count of write, detected. Press ENTER to to the If the that the summary with write, The this: Head Head Head Head Confirm to the the Track Table as tracks. to the as tracks? (Y/N) Tracks Physically Formatting C-11
To the as Y. You of the as they and these tracks... head Press ENTER to to the Press to to the Format Option The and to the of this To the from the Format You these tracks... the each track, counts the to the the displays the of the such as the following: finished. Count of Count of with read, Count of read, detected. C-12 Physically Formatting
If the the displays of the that to the the displays. the this Press ENTER to to the Check the information displayed. Then to to the Format Exiting the Format To the Format displays the At the o o o If the with option or MS-DOS (or another operating the to Follow the instructions MS-DOS The and the Physically C-13
Troubleshooting You should as and of the ordinary to this You repeating software or the trying the this chapter, the of instructions. If the or the authorized to the or to Authorized Customer service. If necessary, the Customer Information the location of Authorized Customer or Customer ready to the of its (including the type of and option cards), and the and of software You the the back If to MS-DOS, follow the below to MS-DOS and the of ROM BIOS. If follow these At the MS-DOS type ROMBIOS and (You to the directory where ROMBIOS.COM the displayed Troubleshooting D-1
At the MS-DOS command type VER and The displays the MS-DOS the to If follow these the Reference and or At the to MS-DOS and At the A> type ROMBIOS and the displayed the Reference and A. VER and The displays the MS-DOS the to built-in memory (ROM) of which every the These internal such as ROM, RAM, the the and the The RAM displays the the amount of memory currently If the displays and the If the serious, the to further You this "F1" D-2 Troubleshooting
the and and then F1 to the and to when repairs. If the serious, the further and The the and the If this as as this information and both the and to If the the below. The to the troubleshooting section this If the section that covers the The following the and that appear and Action board SYSTEM BOARD ERROR SYSTEM BOARD ERROR SYSTEM BOARD ERROR SYSTEM BOARD ERROR SYSTEM BOARD ERROR SYSTEM BOARD ERROR SYSTEM BOARD ERROR SYSTEM BOARD ERROR clock SYSTEM OPTIONS NOT SET SYSTEM OPTIONS NOT SET TIME AND DATE NOT SET Chapter MEMORY SIZE ERROR Chapter Troubleshooting D-3
and Memory CRT ERROR CRT ERROR and DISKETTE ERROR interface) PARALLEL PORT ERROR (RS-232C SERIAL PORT ERROR and DISK PARAMETER FAILURE DISK PARAMETER FAILURE DISK PARAMETER ERROR DISK PARAMETER ERROR DISK FAILURE DISK FAILURE DISK CONTROLLER FAILURE DISK ERROR DISK ERROR Troubleshooting D-4 RAM ERROR MEMORY ADDRESS ERROR MEMORY ADDRESS ERROR KEYBOARD ERROR KEYBOARD OR SYSTEM UNIT ERROR KEYBOARD OR SYSTEM UNIT ERROR or
and AUXILIARY DEVICE FAILURE AUXILIARY DEVICE FAILURE AUXILIARY DEVICE FAILURE The Wont If when the the following: the light the front If and off the that the securely connected to both the AC the back and the or Reference necessary, and the If the light the outlet Turn off and the from the the and to the outlet If the and the Troubleshooting D-5
If the cant anything the below. The Not If and when type the follow these operations than others to the to than to typed character. If reasonable of to the to its The first such to to its what If the the MS-DOS the RESET and try If that the Reference and the RESET If the the below. Could software causing the If Software this D-6 Troubleshooting
The caused below. If operating properly, to the If to whatever the and to the MS-DOS the Ctrl and Break (or C). this the Chapter information or If respond, the CTRL ALT DEL command. If that the with the RESET button. Computer Chapter information. If the off the and least seconds. If the A. Then the It should MS-DOS. If or and to that as to the of J6 the board to the built- VGA If the the Troubleshooting D-7
If using or MDA, or CGA cards, to the of J4 The the whether or J4 to the the factory.) If the incorrectly, of the following If using of cards, J4 to the type. You to this the type of the Chapter instructions. If the and this the turn the the displays (+III If the the to incorrect. The and third chance to correctly. If three the the and to If when the information, as Network Chapter D-8 Troubleshooting CRT ERROR CRT ERROR
If the following: If think know the the and Chapter instructions. If know the to or Chapter instructions. (You and If know the and to Removing below. If know the and to New below. If and to there to the Cl the existing LI the function. To of these the board. If and the Troubleshooting D-9
You should the existing to to without to existing below, instructions. If the function, the to the existing that If to anymore, follow the instructions the function below. existing If know and to follow these to the existing Turn off the and follow the instructions the to the function J1 to B. the Reference and the You the the appears, highlight and Then the Chapter and follow the instructions as to when the immediately. This clears the existing the and that highlight EXIT AND SAVE when the the Reference off the and follow the instructions the Chapter to the function J1 to A. D-10 Troubleshooting
If the A. Turn the You the and the MS-DOS. to and The already the the function If to anymore, the function. to the function as the If to to easily follow the instructions Existing To the function, follow the instructions the Chapter to the of J1 the board to B. New If and to follow these Turn off the and follow the instructions the Chapter to the function J1 to B. the Reference and the You the the appears, highlight and Then follow the instructions the to (If to highlight Network and to the function.) D-11 Troubleshooting
and that highlight EXIT AND SAVE when the this the Reference off the and follow the instructions the to the function J1 to A. If the A. Turn the You the If the to the the Chapter to or write and If the to the the D-12 Troubleshooting TURN OFF POWER AND CORRECT JUMPER SETTING TO ENABLE PASSWORD CHECKING
If with the the following: If the displays of the following when or the the securely connected to the Connecting the Chapter instructions. If the properly, the function the arrow the as numbers. to the the right of the the to off the function. If to the of the function when the the and Chapter If nothing when type the The Not Respond, KEYBOARD ERROR KEYBOARD OR SYSTEM UNIT ERROR KEYBOARD OR SYSTEM UNIT ERROR D-13 Troubleshooting
the following: If there the that the switch and that the light the If the light the the and If the switch the light off the seconds, and the back seconds to the displays If the light the outlet Turn off and from the the outlet and to the If anything the connected to the properly. Connecting Chapter the instructions to to the and match, and, switches or the properly. Connecting Chapter and the that with and instructions. chosen the type the the Chapter D-14 Troubleshooting
If to the the type of and using the and software. If that graphics the If or and to that as to the of J6 the board to the built- VGA If the the If or MDA, or CGA cards, to the of J4 This the whether using or J4 to the the factory.) If the incorrectly, of the following If of cards, J4 to the type. You to this the type of the Chapter instructions. CRT ERROR CRT ERROR D-15 Troubleshooting
If with the and CRT or the Graphics and CRT as E. If the the where bought the You the following with or DISKETTE ERROR If this or the following the to the the Chapter information. You the or the the from the and with the facing to the latch. Chapter instructions and If the the and to another of the type, the the other and the operation. If the the the below. D-16 Troubleshooting %-inch
to the right type of The type normally appears the the Cl that of 1.2MB, Cl that of 1.44MB, that capacity of 360KB, Cl that capacity of 720KB, of Drives Chapter information. If the right type to the write-protected. On /,-inch there write-protect the notch the of the or there notch On the write-protect switch to the write-protect or there switch. You or write-protected Chapter information write-protecting function properly the write-protected. the +-inch, double-sided, high-density, TPI You 360KB this write to 360KB this the 360KB %-inch, high-density, TPI This type of and write to 720KB %-inch, double-sided, TPI You 1.2MB this TPI You 1.44MB this Troubleshooting D-17
the MS-DOS Reference instructions formatting reassign the If trying to A, instance, and reassigned that as B, the the command, the light the trying to access. Chapter information about reassigning You incorrect type when the the to the Chapter instructions. of the following MS-DOS LI Abort, Retry? Cl reading Cl writing If of these the properly the On /+inch the closed. the If the the and This the the seated properly the If the the MS-DOS COPY to the from the to MS-DOS Reference instructions.) D-18 Troubleshooting
If there something with the MS-DOS or the information the incorrectly. This the of these of Cl includes of other expected To the repairs, the MS-DOS CHKDSK. MS-DOS Reference instructions. You the following with or DISKETTE ERROR If this or with follow these You reassigned and trying to the incorrect If this the Reassigning the Drives Chapter the and E. If the If the further examination of Troubleshooting D-19
with If read/write heads dirty, this MS-DOS To the read/write heads, head cleaning stores. cleaning too often cleaning heads. If with the of the following DISK PARAMETER FAILURE DISK PARAMETER FAILURE DISK PARAMETER ERROR DISK PARAMETER ERROR DISK FAILURE DISK FAILURE DISK CONTROLLER FAILURE DISK ERROR DISK ERROR the following MS-DOS the to the instructions the MS-DOS D-20 Troubleshooting Reading Abort, Retry, or
You incorrect type when the to Chapter information and the type that chapter of the If to the information that with to that the If MS-DOS the MS-DOS when the of the MS-DOS Turn off and A. Then C and to the If this the to the COMMAND.COM the directory of the DIR and If COMMAND.COM the directory, the MS-DOS COMPARE to the COMMAND.COM with the COMMAND.COM the MS-DOS Reference instructions COMPARE.) If the match, the COPY to COMMAND.COM the with the COMMAND.COM the following and If the the directory of displayed when the DIR command.) COPY A:COMMAND.COM C: Troubleshooting D-21
To the from to to the directory of the type A: A. Then type the following and If MS-DOS from repartitioned or or of the the Information option of the FDISK to active (bootable) DOS the MS-DOS Reference instructions FDISK.) If back and then MS-DOS the MS-DOS instructions. If active DOS back and then reformatting using SELECT. MS-DOS instructions. Reformatting the currently this and trying the If of read/write or other serious with the and E. If the the sealed that the D-22 Troubleshooting C
If and to numerous read/write the the If this the to the If to this, follow these Cl the the COPY, XCOPY, or BACKUP the MS-DOS Reference Cl Follow the instructions C to low-level (physical) Cl Follow the instructions the MS-DOS to MS-DOS the If another to MS-DOS. the MS-DOS instructions. If the low-level that MS-DOS. C instructions.) If that its option to the of J2 the board. the Also, with that the leading from that to the board and the disconnected. Troubleshooting D-23
Software If with the following If the that following the the and that correctly. If and the directory that or specifying the directory. If the the top (usually A). If reassigned the to assignments. Chapter information about reassigning high or While properly the the software to this the and the CPU operating necessary. the Chapter instructions and information protected If MS-DOS that to there type to MS-DOS to what These To MS-DOS while of the following commands: the Ctrl and C Cl the Ctrl and KI D-24 Troubleshooting
the to the If when type the Follow the instructions Chapter to follow with If the and information, You of the following PARALLEL PORT ERROR SERIAL PORT ERROR These appear with the to which connected. If connected to the the If correctly immediately that the and properly connected to the or instructions to to the Also, without the the DIP switch or These properly with the Troubleshooting D-25
If than or than the know which the and which the secondary Chapter instructions to the and the If properly functioning, from the MS-DOS the displays the MS-DOS command (such as C> or A>), and This should the of the If to the internal of the (or To this, the MS-DOS MODE command or the MENU and the MS-DOS Reference (such as properly they to what required. the Interface) or the (RS-232C) these If the the where bought the D-26 Troubleshooting
Option Card If option and functioning properly, the following: the option correctly? the Chapter and the instructions that with the option The with option the option well-seated its the DIP switches or the option option instructions. the the board? Chapter information. the to the Chapter that its option If and with that the leading from that to the and the disconnected. If the option to to the to the to the option the back the the software with the option If necessary, software instructions the software D-27 Troubleshooting
If with of the following AUXILIARY DEVICE FAILURE AUXILIARY DEVICE FAILURE AUXILIARY DEVICE FAILURE If of these that completely connected to its the back of the Also, that connected to the connected the to the instead of the though the fits the that to If the to connected properly, the that with to there to to the with troubleshooting information the or D-28 Troubleshooting
Memory If memory to and that memory operating properly, the following: If the memory count displayed the incorrect, or the correctly. The the they the type of SIMM, or they the their If to the yourself. If the Memory Chapter and the instructions. to the or memory The of the displays memory Chapter instructions. If with write that appear and D-29 Troubleshooting
Math If to operating properly, the following: the Reference and to that the math as the If as or the incorrectly. Chapter information. to the math yourself. information about that to the If as the to the that with the to or troubleshooting information. If with math the the Reference instructions. If with its the that with and those also. D-30 Troubleshooting
Performing This to the of the and peripheral of You these the Reference the whether correctly. The the of this the testing. You the following each of which reference numbers: Memory and CRT graphics and CRT and Math interface) (RS-232C and Performing E-1
Starting To the or with the Reference A. If this other To the follow these the Reference A. Turn or the The appears. If the to off the function. Press or then the the that connected to the Then of the testing. This includes the that of such as the following, DEVICE LIST (RS-232C and E-2 Performing board Memory graphics and CRT and interface) DEVICE LIST (Y/N) to and
If the correctly If from this or to the or and Then the below. the only those items. If that to to the and o should the Performing E-3
Selecting Option the often to option from There to this: Cl You the arrow to the highlighted to the option and then to You type the of the option and to this the first option highlighted. If to that option, already highlighted). If to option or this the to to that option. Then to Therefore, when option, or the option. Then (Y OU to the operation.) You SC to the currently displayed and to the E-4 Performing to highlight the option or type the of (T T, J,
the If from the to the and At the following N. DEVICE LIST (Y/N) You this To to the The displays of other that currently included the You to this: Additional DEVICE LIST and CRT Math to DEVICE LIST Highlight the item to and You as as necessary. the E-5 Performing
To from the The displays the Select the item to You as as necessary. the correct, The screen displays the and these If the correct, You ready to Selecting From the the to the to the You this of to E-6 Performing
You that the only or of the from to testing of only; once To the once, The then displays of the To the You this o (Y/N) Select to terminate the or to the of You this To the once, If to the than once, type the of and the of to choose from. Instead, the that to If chose to the than once, the the and then them the You this the the tests: o o o If while of the to terminate the Performing E-7
From If the that and and appear. If to the the You this of the (Y/N) To without the N. ready and Then If the ready, the following and appear: correctly. correctly (Y/N) Correct the and to or to the the displays this Printout finished. Press ENTER to to the The of the following Cl It to the or Cl If and terminating the repeats the that caused the Performing E-8
The below the the and optional You of the when appear of The displays the title of each the that the operation of or to to the to the the below the tests. of the and these the the of this Memory and CRT Attribute Character Graphics E-9 Performing the 80386SX memory and displays memory count the of
graphics and CRT and Math interface) (RS-232C) E-10 Performing Attribute Character Graphics Light of of the the of the 80387SX math the back the back the secondary to
and The following the and that appear testing. and CPU ERROR ROM CHECKSUM ERROR TIMER COUNTER REGISTER ERROR TIMER COUNTER ERROR DMA CONTROLLER REGISTER ERROR REFRESH ERROR DMA PAGE REGISTER ERROR KEYBOARD CONTROLLER TIMEOUT ERROR KEYBOARD CONTROLLER SELF DIAGNOSTIC ERROR KEYBOARD CONTROLLER WRITE COMMAND INTERRUPT CONTROLLER ERROR CMOS SHUTDOWN BYTE ERROR CMOS BATTERY ERROR CMOS CHECKSUM ERROR INSTRUCTION ERROR PROTECT MODE ERROR PROTECT MODE ERROR Memory MEMORY/PARITY ERROR ERROR KEYBOARD ERROR KEYBOARD IS NON-STANDARD, OR KEYBOARD IS DEFECTIVE E-12 Performing ERROR
and and CRT ADAPTER ERROR VIDEO SIGNAL ERROR ATTRIBUTE ERROR CHARACTER SET ERROR GRAPHICS MODE ERROR SCREEN PAGING ERROR LIGHT PEN ERROR VIDEO ERROR SYNC ERROR graphics and CRT ADAPTER ERROR ATTRIBUTE ERROR CHARACTER SET ERROR COLOR GRAPHICS ERROR SCREEN PAGING ERROR LIGHT PEN ERROR COLOR VIDEO ERROR SYNC ERROR and DISKETTE DRIVE CONTROLLER ERROR SEQUENTIAL SEEK ERROR RANDOM SEEK ERROR WRITE ERROR READ ERROR DISK CHANGE CHECK REMOVE ERROR DISK CHANGE CHECK INSERT ERROR Math COPROCESSOR NOT INSTALLED COPROCESSOR INITIALIZE ERROR COPROCESSOR INVALID OPERATION MASK ERROR COPROCESSOR ST FIELD ERROR COPROCESSOR COMPARISON ERROR COPROCESSOR ZERO DIVIDE MASK ERROR COPROCESSOR ADDITION ERROR COPROCESSOR SUBTRACTION ERROR COPROCESSOR MULTIPLICATION ERROR COPROCESSOR PRECISION ERROR Performing E-13
and o o interface) ERROR PIN (RS-232C ALWAYS LOW ALWAYS HIGH TIMEOUT ERROR VERIFY ERROR ALWAYS LOW ALWAYS HIGH TIMEOUT ERROR VERIFY ERROR and SEEK ERROR WRITE ERROR READ ERROR HEAD ERROR ERROR DETECTION ERROR ERROR CORRECTION ERROR ERROR PIN ERROR PIN E-14 Performing
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU memory ROM Scratch memory Math 80386SX clock speed, or through software memory 1MB or 2MB RAM 256KB or 1MB to 10MB; Memory to 16MB memory option 128KB 4KB capacity; with 80387SX (optional) clock, and CMOS RAM
Interfaces Option F-2 Specifications Supports to of four /t-inch, high-density, 1.2MB; /+inch, 360KB; 720KB; Supports to interface VGA with 256KB of memory; to or RS-232C, asynchronous; D-shell D-shell DIN, PS/2 or other DIN, PS/2 input/output (three ISA and ISA software high-density, 1.44MB; %-inch,
Optional Optional Optional Optional 140W, fan-cooled, input to VAC and to VAC +5VDC 18Amps, +12VDC Amps VDC Amps, VDC Amps Three half-height mount and %-inch mounts) /,-inch 1.2MB (high-density) /t-inch 1.44MB (high-density) capacity /+inch 1.2MB (high-density) capacity /r-inch 1.44MB (high-density) /+inch 360KB 720KB Specifications F-3
Optional Optional Function to to C) Humidity to Specifications F-4 /r-inch 40MB 100MB capacity QWERTY additional function Non-operating to to C) to to C) Non-operating to to
to to Physical Characteristics inches inches Height inches (without Non-operating to to to to Specifications F-5
or that the location where information memory. Application software to such as or spreadsheet ASCII American Information characters, such as numbers, and graphic ASCII character of computers, and transmitted ASCII of which character to another that to to AUTOEXEC.BAT The batch that when MS-DOS. Batch The that the to switch from high to when the
of or that created the or memory The memory the below 1MB that to MS-DOS and programs-usually 640KB. memory or memory. Batch type of that of MS-DOS commands command. Batch with the .BAT. batch each type the MS-DOS the commands that BIOS ROM (Read Memory) that basic input/output of the operating or The of The of the or of charge. To the operating the memory. or of that character.
CGA Graphics type of that to of text with characters each graphics or four-color graphics Character that the or the includes numbers, and graphic CMOS Complementary type of of or instructions. software or of Command instruction (usually to to function. Command The or that MS-DOS and ready to instructions. The displays the and directory. If C, the this: C
The of of typical consists of with and connected to command when Ctrl and another the that instructs the to function. memory The memory to 640KB) MS-DOS and memory or memory. optional that the to mathematical Copy-protected type of that copied. copy-protected to the the while using the to instead of high CPU Processing Unit. The of the that instructions, the of and input and operations.
directory The directory where MS-DOS command, to otherwise including pathname with the command). known as the or directory. The from which MS-DOS command, to otherwise including with the command). known as the Cursor The highlighted that shows the The of that read/write head. The of to the of the of heads. Information such as text or graphics or which (as to or that when the turned or temporarily or the
directory The directory and known as the directory. The from which MS-DOS command, to otherwise including with the command). known as the character or to of MS-DOS command. of that of and such as or The and the to its internal and its DIP switch switch. switch option or that function. Directory of of directory shows the location, and of the the directory. directory both and
The collective and The physical that allows the to from and write to which sealed protective of coated with to permanently. board that of the option to the interface. The the the displays text and graphics. known as the 386SX PLUS, VGA built the board.) DOS commonly operating that the input and type of that allows to as as the /,-inch 360KB of 720KB of The of followed colon-for C
EGA Graphics type of that allows to high-resolution graphics It to of text with characters each or or graphics to containing instructions, as to created with the .BAT, .COM, or .EXE. Expanded memory Memory that specially written MS-DOS with Expanded Memory Specification (EMS) such as EMM386.SYS. Memory Memory 1MB that the protected of the 80386SX and to and operating MS-DOS MS-DOS and of to three characters that to to
of related of information records, or together Text of and of and to and instructions. to characters that MS-DOS to Format To (or to that information. Formatting and sectors and locations Graphics and other The to amounts of It and than physical of such as or CPU.
High-density type of that allows to than or /+inch high-density MB of high-density MB of (I/O) Interface physical or software to or that option or the to function. containing copy-protected that the while using the (KB) to memory or One bytes. LIM EMS of the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification-a that allows to memory that MS-DOS
of physical which MS-DOS as though physical of the physical The built containing the the to Math optional that the to mathematical MCGA Graphics type of that or graphics MDA type of that displays text such as or (MB) to memory or One 1024KB. to (of internal clock). second. The 386SX PLUS or operating
Memory The where Memory (ROM) or temporary (RAM). Memory board with that memory chips. You 256KB or 1MB memory to the board the to the memory. memory commonly SIMM memory Memory The memory option the MGA Graphics type of that text and graphics the of CPU that allows to and The of that the and information.
that displays such as or as to which with or buttons. the the the the MS-DOS Microsoft The operating that with Network The which the other connected to The write to and from the other the Network optional that security that operating as The to the right of the The which the commands. The 386SX PLUS or operating
of (such as MS-DOS or MS OS/2) that operations. The operating the and input and Option the to such as The type of interface that the of Interface and to that MS-DOS what to and information such as what to and where to or Parity to the of that the of the or parity. The operating to sections or You and the
Pathname The of and to the the SALES which located the subdirectory BUSINESS of the directory BUSINESS\ SALES. Peripheral (such as or connected to that the its operation. physical input/output where peripheral that the to its internal and each The of characters type the to and to characters and include numbers, and The where the operating and from which the the operating
that instructions and what to and to Prompt the displays to information or what action to Command RAM Access Memory. The of the memory to and while RAM when off or the to or To from to another. when text the reads the from the and the Read/write head The physical that reads and records the of clock battery-powered clock the that of the and when the off. To operating or operating information RAM.
RGB type of ROM Memory. of memory that only and temporary ROM its when off the directory The directory MS-DOS, (backslash). other of the directory or of other RS-232C used, type of interface. You easily RS-232C to the Scratch memory The 4KB of SRAM memory) included to memory such as AFDD and ESPEED. The of the scratch memory when off Sector section of that which the The to its
The type of interface that Interface and SIMM Memory Software The that to the and Subdirectory directory or of that branches from another subdirectory or from the directory. Switch option to MS-DOS that the the Switches usually the /S switch to FORMAT command, MS-DOS the operating the as ,A of the to the functioning correctly. that the operating
Tracks resembling the record, which to the areas. There each of 1.2MB, 1.44MB, or 720KB and each of 360KB The of its capacity. VGA Graphics type of high-resolution The VGA built the of graphics of to or to VGA that of the option to interface. with built-in VGA to to this interface. To To the from write-protect the notch the of or the write-protect switch write-protected, or its S-inch
light RESET or light TURBO light option