This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or Inc., the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS FOR CANADIAN USERS WARNING
IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY America or or implied, or with to this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to COPYRIGHT NOTICE rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of information While the of this publication, America responsibility or from the of the information this and to without TRADEMARKS of Corporation. of Inc. Other and of their respective Copyright Inc. California Y70799100100
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat This should built-in provided. This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding-type third (grounding) This grounding-type This If to the the to the of the grounding-type this where the If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the outlet
of this through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the and servicing to service the following A. the or or B. If the C. If the to or D. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. only those that covered the operating instructions, of other and often to the to operation. E. If the or the F. If the performance, indicating service.
Introduction The PLUS high-performance which offers and The fast, when operations. includes 2MB of internal memory, built-in VGA graphics built-in and interfaces, IBM PS/2 and four option (three and These interfaces allow to of peripheral directly to the to option You the option to such as or to three internal and or and The PLUS offers other to the and of Memory of memory to high-speed cache and quickly. RAM. ROM (read-only memory) and ROM the RAM memory) to further performance. and VGA The built-in VGA and VGA (included) graphics to or VGA monitors. Introduction
Optional You easily memory and optional with the IBM Computer, PC XT, or PC AT. memory to the board, the memory to 16MB. Memory because they the to option to memory to memory than memory option You to math to You or math or both with authorized to which options and Other Software You of MS-DOS@ to with MS-DOS and MENU-that to The HELP information the about MS-DOS command. MENU easy to of these commands. Introduction
You the IBM PC, PC XT, PC AT, or PLUS. You software-such as Microsoft Windows/386-with VGA VGA and that with VGA and these of and VGA features such as graphics to to and text to This This to and and Although the with 5-inch instructions included 3-inch You to everything this the following chapter instructions On the back cover foldout showing the of to these as Introduction
Chapter to the to this You to the instructions operating such as using and and Chapter to performance. of the options and instructions removing the cover, and instructions the VGA and to and or C to hardware-level You to this that this type of low-level or serious with the troubleshooting the If with of the to of these. the technical the At the of the and Introduction
Where to Customer and service products of authorized and Customer throughout the United States. America information and to its and Customer Therefore, that the business where purchased to If the people there the to they through toll-free that this with the the Consumer Information the following: The Customer To or purchase or
Chapter PLUS easy. follow the this chapter. to this back cover foldout to the the Choosing Location
to choose location that the following: or The should enough to the of and of its Select location that allows of comfortably. Soft and electricity, which and the Soft to freely the and inches of around the Protect from humidity, and sunlight or other of heat. High operation, cool, To charges, to three-prong, grounded outlets. You outlet the the and outlets and other interference. from such as telephone, which field.
Removing the Protector Card If 5-inch there the This the factory to the read/write heads the To the to the then as shown below. (If 5-inch to the from that as the If to the to This the read/write heads the process.
Connecting The to to the the type of If VGA (or with to the built-in VGA the VGA Interface below. If other type of Card below. the VGA Interface Follow these to VGA to the VGA the turned off. top of or the easy access, the and around the of both facing If necessary, the to the permanently attached
the of the and the to match the of the interface with Then the the (the should easily when properly oriented), as shown below. If the screws, them or with screwdriver, the screw type. To the to the when the
the the as shown below. the other of the
Card If to of the option the already the If the to follow the instructions Chapter to option first, the following to and properly matched. or EGA graphics (CGA) graphics (MGA) Enhanced graphics (EGA) EGA cards. the to switches or the properly. to switch to or the that with or instructions. (MDA) graphics (MGA) Enhanced graphics (EGA) graphics
Once to this section to to the If with its follow the instructions there. follow the the VGA Interface the instead of the built-in VGA Connecting or Other both and interfaces. To or other peripheral to of these interfaces, follow the instructions below. offers of information. the Interface The interface and DB-25S To and IBM If which with
Once the follow these the to the with the back of both facing One of the D-shell the to match the of the interface with Then the the as shown below. If the screws, them or with screwdriver, the screw type.
the other of the to the as shown below. To the the each of the and them the three-prong, grounded
the Interface If or other peripheral with interface, to the (RS-232C) the back of the The DB-9P To follow the as the the with as shown below.
Connecting the Follow these to the the the arrow the housing the the with as shown below. C o arrow
You the the the To the of the and each as shown below. Connecting the IBM PS/2 that DIN If purchased with this type of to the built-in If another of that interface to option to the interface. You to the of JP10 and JP11 the Chapter instructions, or To to the built-in the oriented properly with the the the with as shown the following
Once connected to commands to MS-DOS CONFIG.SYS to to MS-DOS Reference and the that with instructions.
Connecting the Cord Follow these to the cord: the the AC the back as shown below. the other of the three-prong, grounded WARNING To shock, to the the the
Turning On the ready to the first, the following to or yourself: from the when the the with the turn off or while light This or least seconds off the Turning the off and the circuitry. top of or to or of its the of off the the cord, and seconds the cover. the cover to optional or Follow these to the the AC the back of the and three- grounded Turn around the front and other that Choosing Location, typical
Turn the and other peripheral connected to the To the the located the right of the front as shown below. The below the lights seconds, the to of each to everything correctly. If or to such as to as as to the first The the the the
the completed its to this If necessary, the to the and characters the clear and of intensity. If and to them to the Turning the ready to off the of followed to Turn off the first, then off the and to Chapter and follow the instructions to the
Chapter the The first PLUS, to the the Reference to the This least once. (You to the The of and (or the following type memory and options clocks and type(s) and The with the the CMOS RAM, which backed battery. Whenever the searches the CMOS RAM the information. If the the information the CMOS RAM and its to the the
The PLUS memory and math It and of the this reason, to of the the should each of the options the to that the The the 2MB of memory that with as 640KB of memory and 1024KB of memory. If memory, as memory also. Starting the Follow these to the turned off. the Reference as shown the following the facing and the read/write the the
Turn to and the The displays the Operation the the the Then the to instructions and including 3-inch If appears when the From below. the
The option highlighted. To The displays the From If such as the following: If this follow these Press F1. The and the displays such as the following: the memory Sound clock options SETUP REFERENCE DISK)
highlighted and The the that caused the to that to match The displays the The the the causing the There than the of the HDD and/or HDC Memory incorrect, correction Cacheable Incorrect incorrect HDD incorrect such as allow to the the prompt.Ifyou of these SC the displays the memory Sound clock the
You should the the to they The the that caused the the Moving the Cursor and to the (the highlighted through the options the highlight the option to Follow the instructions the of this chapter to the to the
the The the type of with If connected VGA to the built-in VGA the the type. (With this option the type of the type of If to the these At the highlight appears the type, such as the following: VGA If the type this section. the
To the The the and the right Press to the this and then or to highlight the option that matches type. If which to choose, follow these If the built-in VGA or VGA, EGA, or MCGA EGA, MCGA,VGA or other. If graphics (CGA) or graphics (MGA) attached to RGB CGA the switch the MGA to If such as with input, selecting CGA If the and CGA If (MDA), MGA, or MGA attached to choose the switch the MGA to If other of and EGA, MCGA, VGA or o the with the CGA o CGA o EGA,MCGA,VGA or other
highlight the type, The displays Highlight SAVE SETTING and the that who to to If to this section. Once the every or If it correctly, the to Therefore, to or write and If to as to as Network Chapter information.) to to the the
Follow these to and necessary): At the highlight This appears: Press The to Press The to To type of characters (including numbers, and to of characters. You the backspace to characters the such as or The the when to the the Network OFF
to to the If to the highlight Network To or off, and or off, highlight SAVE and to to the SETTINGS If to to the without You to If this appears: first To highlight and follow through the
the Memory Caching memory allows to of memory, the information from that memory high-speed cache information the cache than when the memory. This greatly the which Caching active when operating (high) The PLUS memory caching the 640KB of memory the memory 1MB, the allows to memory or off. The ON the memory currently from 1MB to the of the should cache of memory to the performance of optional memory that memory with of other memory, should off memory that shared. the that with memory to this necessary. To or the memory cache follow these At the highlight memory. You the following cache memory the
To the The to memory Press The to the first the cache To the the first from ON to OFF or If memory 2MB, to the to the Press to the from ON to OFF, necessary. finished, to the to the Highlight SAVE SETTING and to to the The the of memory currently You ON or OFF the first with 2MB of memory and the memory from 1MB to 2MB cached. If memory, ON or OFF each of memory The of memory that If memory cache correct, the of this section. Then or to to the other and as necessary, to the the
the high or High and The to high (where memory to or the to (when necessary). the high the TURBO the front You should high everything high and the to automatically, the switches to whenever to and high other operations. This section to the the You the commands or the ESPEED the Chapter Follow these to At the highlight The appears: the High
To the The the and another Press to the the option or to highlight the and Highlight SAVE SETTING and to to the the and The Keyboard/Sound option these three Initial built-in that when operations. The applications; however, to the If the displayed correct, this section, (High and the to switch from high to when the
the the to numbers. The option the whether or off when To turn off, The light the and the off or The to the selected the If using the that with (or another IBM AT the the ON. If using that or the OFF. The option the which character when The Normal, the or Follow these to or the and At the highlight Keyboard/ Sound. The appear: If the displayed this section. the Initial ON KB Normal
the Clock The clock continuously the and when the turned off. The first clock option to the the and You to this option to clock The the years. To of the The the and the option highlighted. To or the or off), To the or off, highlight Initial and To the highlight KB You the following option Press to the the or to highlight the and Highlight SAVE SETTINGS and to to the the
Follow these to the clock: clock. If At the highlight the and the appear: Press to the the To or the You this the If the and correct, the of this section. If the and incorrect, to below. If the and the template to hours, and ss seconds.)
24-hour clock, the the shown the each the the to the to would type the following: To or the highlight and You this the the shown the the month and and four the the the hyphens. to the would type the following: Press once or to to the You the backspace to the correct, If time-for than the hours or than the or seconds-the entry. month, and You the backspace to the correct, If than the month or than the of that month-the entry. the
The the and when each If then the without the and the If with factory-installed and this section. If or follow these to the At the highlight appear, such as the following: The the type of the type (If that the type the which to the type Then the of the The that there If the match the of this section. the
Press You such as the following: If to the (which C computers), to highlight If to the and then to highlight Press You this If incorrect, or to about to The the each the of the of read/write heads, the of sectors, the and the (the which the heads when the It displays the the
If disconnected the or the highlight and the become to If matches of the the to If match of the the to Highlight and The type appears: the type that matches the You the type of You type the type and The displays the and You the to through the type numbers. This to the as each type. the type The displays the and to If the of the match of the the highlight and You the following: the
If to the type another or and to the correct, to the the top Highlight and to SAVE SETTINGS The highlighted the the of and The information of the and the of heads. the of read/write heads the and Follow this each item the (the of sectors, the and the If incorrectly, or to highlight the and then The allow to the capacity; the based what the of heads, and sectors. type the and the to the heading. the
The following the of this and the with to the the type of You to this when the the type the
the
the Type(s) PLUS with factory- If or to the to match If type Follow these At the highlight drive.The appear: If the the match the of this section. To The the and the following: You the Selected light ON. This that the light the currently selected If to the A: highlighted and If to the highlight and The the the A: MB B: Not KB KB MB MB
or to highlight and The displays the type selected. the correct, highlight and The SAVE SETTINGS to the and the updated information and B. the Interfaces The and interfaces to as the If or this section. If option with its or to the built-in as secondary and the as primary. The choose which and which secondary there the built-in and the If to the type another to If option with as the as the and the built-in the secondary If option or peripheral with that as the or secondary If option with as the and the other as the secondary and the built-in the
Follow these to built-in and interface At the highlight Serial/Parallel.The each appear: Press to the the You this option If to the highlighted and If to the highlight and The the or to highlight the the selected and The displays the the Secondary If option with or and highlight that built-in and the the option this Conflict with option Highlight that and
the and correct, highlight SAVE SETTINGS and The to the and updated and interface using the to to highlight the and The following summary appears the If to the the other to the
There summary to To the You the following: clock MB A: Initial Normal If the clock, the the top of the flashes to to the and the Clock, instructions. To the summary You the of of heads of sectors (MB) B: of of heads of sectors capacity (MB)
each summary to the information correct. You to the previous or to the If incorrect, highlighted and The appears and the Leaving the If or to the highlight without summary and The appears. (If the or the the without If to the highlight and EXIT AND SAVE summary The the and the the If to the Chapter instructions.) The appears. If the first the Reference from the and off Then follow the instructions MS-DOS to MS-DOS. (If operating follow the instructions that Once MS-DOS, should the from the or the MS-DOS when finished First the Reference from A. If the Then to the commands the CONFIG.SYS and AUTOEXEC.BAT the
If the displays while the and the the indicates. If the displays or E, or to of Reference the and MS-DOS. MS-DOS Reference instructions to the
Chapter This chapter the following procedures MS-DOS or another operating Copying the Reference and the or the and MS-DOS or Another the of and the the operating If MS-DOS, follow the instructions MS-DOS If another operating such as MS OS/2 or UNIX, the that with that instructions and The instructions this that MS-DOS with to of operating
Copying the Reference and If to of the Reference and to the This allows to the directly from instead of to the COPY MS-DOS Reference to the following from the Reference to The Reference the and the should these from the Reference A; these to The VGA that allow to graphics high-resolution If to of these VGA to VGA to as of the VGA and and instructions using them. to of Reference and MS-DOS Reference instructions. AFDD.EXE ESPEED.EXE HDSIT.COM HDSIT.VER ROMBIOS.COM
the functions when MS-DOS or The shown below, and the Ctrl function character the to the right and to the the from lower- to back to lowercase when The the top of the and the the of the affected. characters or the top the when with the character lowercase characters when the function Works with other to such as operations MS-DOS and
(continued) +-Backspace the back the character to the of the of input or command. (Ins) the function and off. the character the Home, location. F1-F12 YS Break The and as the once to function and to off. the function the light the right of the Works with other to character or the function of the from to positioning the back when the or operation. within Prints the the function with Aft). the operation. Terminates the (when with
Command or You to or while to or operation. If MS-DOS that to try of the following commands: the Ctrl and C. the Ctrl and These If to the as below. It to off the to or command. If created and the turn off the The its memory (RAM) the each off or the the Occasionally, to clear the or its memory without turning off. You this the and the to to MS-DOS and memory that only necessary.
the as to classify and when the If the without properly exiting To the MS-DOS the or A; the A. There to the If using MS-DOS, Ctrl and and the The and then the should MS-DOS. If try the Press the RESET the front This when the to If the the to off and from the Turn off the and seconds. If the A. Then the
If when the every or the Follow these to If A. Turn or the The displays At the type The when type character, the the characters type. Then type the correctly and character appears. Then the MS-DOS and displays the MS-DOS (If the Shell when MS-DOS, the Shell instead of the If turned when the to to as Network You three to the If the the another appears. If the the third the displays the and the the and to the the Computer, instructions.)
If the D. To follow these If A. Turn or the At the the the to and to to ABC, type: Press character appears and then the MS-DOS. 123/ABC characters the such as or The the when to the The what type. to the or write and If the to the
Next or the the Power-on To follow these If A. Turn or the At the followed type: Press character appears and then the MS-DOS. The or the and MS-DOS immediately. You to know the to this If know the D.
and The allow to and then and This section and to: of and and and Format of coated with This that slightly (5-inch or (3-inch and It sealed protective to of and the that and capacity. tracks, and sectors. Double-sided both On each tracks, which the
further sectors, which to The below of and sectors. Double-sided, or each and double-sided, high-density each or sectors track. consists of or top of another and four or than the of the capacity of the The of sectors the type of
the read/write heads to and To write to the the to the that the where the to written the read/write head. where the read/write head magnetically, and as record, and of The following the four of and which to with them: 1.2MB 5-inch, double-sided, high-density, TPI inch), 1.2MB These sectors track, and to 1.2MB of information, which approximately of 1.44MB 3-inch, double-sided, high-density, TPI, 1.44MB These sectors track, and to 1.44MB of information, which approximately of MB which 1024KB (or bytes). KB which bytes. character, such asA,$,or3.
You Formatting this section. and If than type of or of to of the and of the type and 3-inch 5-inch or There using that the as the The following the and 5-inch from and write to type 360KB 360KB, 320KB, 180KB, 160KB 1.2MB 1.2MB, 360KB: 320KB; 180KB: 160KB* If write to this 1.2MB to or write to 360KB 360KB 5-inch, double-sided, TPI, 360KB (You 160KB or 180KB These and or sectors track. With sectors track, to 320KB. With sectors track, to 360KB of information, which of 720KB 3-inch, double-sided, TPI, 720KB These sectors track, and to 720KB of information, which approximately of
3-inch type from and write to 720KB 720KB 1.44MB 1.44MB, 720KB of these the type and when (Usually this information appears the If of the MB, 1.2MB, 720KB, or 360KB), from to another-using COPY or as the type each You these commands to and type of the MS-DOS DISKCOPY to from to another the the type. about copying and MS-DOS Reference and Follow these basic to and If that to write or write-protect This operating and Write-protecting below, from the or or off the while the light This light that the copying to or from If this process, off the
from and of or scratch the and the read/write heads or to They and humidity. Dont the or or heat. from that information magnetically.) There or office, such as telephones, and top of or 5-inch its protective and the the read/write The top of and they and the type and the the top of to the top of another; too to and the the to the If to write that already the or their protective and location, such as or them top of each other.
Write-protecting You write-protect to its from write-protected, and from or If to write- protected MS-DOS displays To write-protect S/t-inch cover the notch (shown below) with write-protect included of 5-inch To the write protection, off the write-protect
On 3-inch the write-protect switch the back of the the right shown below. To write-protect 3-inch the switch the of the clicks the To the write protection, the switch the of the clicks and the covered. notch or switch they permanently write-protected. This protects them from or
MS-DOS the to least and displays and accordingly. Usually, MS-DOS the first (the top as and as B. If MS-DOS as both and when to operations that normally to from to B, MS-DOS the from the first the (which would A) to the memory. Then MS-DOS to another B) and the from memory to the copying to the (A). often this to which which. It to write- Write-protecting If and the operating and from the and there, and the copying to or from and to that to the operating as as the operating (the and the operating this to the memory (RAM) to the the Then the and to that memory, instructions.
and If 5-inch as follows: the with the facing and the read/write leading the as shown below. the the the Then the to This the and allows the read/write heads the to the to first the light off. Then the and the its protective and location, such as You MS-DOS from that the operating MS-DOS Reference information about creating
If 3-inch the with the facing and the leading the as shown the following the the clicks to the the light off; then the release the and properly. or or off the while light You Also, to off the
Formatting the FORMAT command. the that MS-DOS write You to this only once, the the first You previously to This the the to of the MS-DOS Reference instructions the FORMAT command. It to of and (or of that such as MS-DOS and the Reference and that with Then the the from Also, regularly, whenever them (to them and them from If to the and regularly. of You You the COPY or XCOPY to or of You the DISKCOPY to of
You the BACKUP command to back to BACKUP or of than COPY or XCOPY. It allows to back that than the capacity of MS-DOS Reference instructions these commands. to the 100MB as as approximately eighty-two 1.2MB operations You and the the of to The easy to back and forth and easy to and to trying to of MS-DOS related together and they easy to and MS-DOS Reference instructions and and the MS-DOS to
the While the to back to of and copying the to the the to them to whenever them to Follow these to from and to off or the when the light This light that the copying to or from the If this process, to the The sealed to from to the HDSIT to the as below. the If to to location-whether the country or the should the HDSIT to the the The HDSIT the read/write heads to the that and them securely This protects the from the
Follow these to HDSIT: using and the MS-DOS command appears the If HDSIT to (as the of this chapter), type C and to the directory of the If or HDSIT to C, the Reference A. Then type and to that the following and You the that the read/write heads the or the off and The the heads and the and off the You ready to to the location. If with 5-inch and the to the to to the read/write heads. HDSIT
Chapter Enhancing Operations This chapter to the following procedures to the of AUTOEXEC.BAT and other batch the Reassigning the as expanded memory 640KB VGA features. AUTOEXEC.BAT and Other Batch to MS-DOS and that there commands to frequently. You the of these commands them batch type the of the batch and MS-DOS the commands the as typed each from the If that as text-only ASCII that to batch You the MS-DOS COPY or EDLIN command to the MS-DOS Reference instructions creating and Operations
One batch that AUTOEXEC.BAT. Every MS-DOS the AUTOEXEC.BAT and each of the commands. MS-DOS, AUTOEXECBAT To or the the that to other batch (COPY, EDLIN, or that as text-only to the AUTOEXEC.BAT and the directory of the or from which MS-DOS. MS-DOS Reference information about AUTOEXEC.BAT the high and High and On high, the memory than to high the to or the to automatically. operating high the TURBO light the front The TURBO light off when operating You should high everything However, and the the to this the Enhancing Operations
copy-protected the to while the These usually to disk-the that the protection-in the If copy-protected to to to when the and to high when finished. There of copy-protected the type or to the to Follow these If using copy-protected that or that to the high If this to the to automatically. If cant the high, the to automatically. If copy-protected that to the the to while the Once the to high, where should to while and the There three to the the Reference the ESPEED If this and the and then to high to the to automatically. Operations
If that the to or the when to the Chapter instructions. If these only occasionally, should the commands or the ESPEED below) to the Commands You the of the following commands the MS-DOS Ctrl the to high Ctrl Ctrl the and characters, the the The commands the characters the You the commands while that of the commands another function, that to the that the Ctrl to the Ctrl to the to the these commands the MS-DOS Another to the ESPEED below. Operations the to the to to when
To these commands, the Ctrl and the and the or located the The the RESET or off the or using the another command, or the ESPEED below. the ESPEED The ESPEED allows to the to high or or the to automatically. This the Ctrl commands or to include the command batch The ESPEED with the Reference If Reference and the command to the If the ESPEED.EXE from Reference already so-and the from there. Chapter information.) To the ESPEED type the following the MS-DOS and You the following ESPEED ESPEED /High High Operations
The the switches should to the to high, or At the MS-DOS type the ESPEED command and include the switch, such as the following: This the to to when the If include the switch when type the ESPEED command, the the without: the command The the RESET or off the or the command, or the ESPEED the ESPEED command batch You to the ESPEED including the batch SAMPLE which when the include the following commands batch to the SAMPLE You the batch SAMP.BAT. to the SAMPLE the A. Then type SAMP and The the to and the SAMPLE the the the to and then to high when finished. Operations ESPEED /A ESPEED /A SAMPLE
MS-DOS Reference instructions creating and batch Reassigning the If they connected that the top and the B. the whenever to the operating or bootable from the A. If both of the type5-inch, 1.2MB capacity, to reassign the If types, however, to the assignments the from B. 3-inch which to to the that to the 3-inch while the these the assignments to the top and the A. There to this: the the to from and the The becomes A. the AFDD to reassign the the AFDD below, instructions. assignments the RESET or off the or reassign the to their assignments. The reassignment the from the Ctrl command. Operations
the AFDD The AFDD the assignments and the the assignments, the AFDD to reassign the to their The AFDD with the Reference If Reference and the command to the If the AFDD.EXE from Reference already then the from there. Chapter information. To the AFDD type the following the MS-DOS and AFDD You such as the following: If the Reference to the AFDD If to the assignments, S. The and MS-DOS, and the assignments If to the assignments, other Operations A: 1.44MB 1.2MB B: 1.2MB 1.44MB and other to abort New Assign
If the AFDD from reassign the and the automatically. the following and The switch the AFDD to the MS-DOS, and the assignments without the You to the AFDD including the command batch MS-DOS Reference instructions creating and using batch as Network If to as the the network and the other connected to The write to and from the other computers, the commands the the commands to from other computers. operating this to unauthorized from commands the To this security, AFDD /S Operations
the the MS-DOS. Once MS-DOS, commands the and network MS-DOS the This allows other the to the users from commands and network the the to when to the (as would turned off). The to unauthorized users from that required. You to or to as unauthorized to when operating this the Chapter instructions to and If than 32MB, the MS-DOS SHARE to and locking protection MS-DOS Reference information about SHARE. If SHARE, the following flashes software and Enhancing Operations WARNING! SHARE should
Network or the MS-DOS and the MS-DOS or the first displayed software. You the though the to the Follow these to Turn or and The what type. should to as Press such as to the command. If incorrect the respond. the and the You or and network You the Reference to off first. Chapter instructions. Then or the following the instructions Chapter If the D. Operations
Expanded Memory 64OKB The PLUS with 2MB of memory. MS-DOS and that MS-DOS the first 640KB of memory. You the memory 640KB as memory, or as expanded memory, as below. Expanded memory (such as that the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification (LIM EMS). To of expanded memory, to memory to the memory to expanded memory. If selected memory software when bought PLUS, the memory with of MS-DOS. follow the instructions included with the If using of MS-DOS and memory the MS-DOS EMM386.SYS to memory to expanded memory. MS-DOS Reference instructions EMM386.SYS. If using of MS-DOS and memory with authorized which expanded memory should Enhancing Operations
VGA built-in VGA graphics both VGA and with non-interlaced The VGA allows these to VGA without to or VGA or of the the that with These allow to of the of and built-in VGA The VGA features such as these: of or graphics with to graphics with text Graphics the built-in VGA To graphic or of these VGA to them. Operations
The that with that them. The the following VGAMODE The VGAMODE text text-based such as WordStar@ and WordPerfect? SETVGA The SETVGA the built-in VGA to the of of graphics MODETEST The MODETEST of the and displays the the WS33INST The WS33INST patches the WordStar, text SNOOZE The SNOOZE off VGA when of information about the VGA and the Operations
and You the performance of of including the following: Option Memory option board to function. option such as or interface, such as to which This chapter to option and with them. Memory memory modules)-allow to increase the amount of memory This chapter the and amounts of If to memory to to You however, follow the instructions this chapter to them yourself. It to memory to optional memory memory would and to memory to of options to memory. memory memory than memory and
math the when software. If purchase math to to easily. If to yourself, follow the this chapter. This chapter to the the You to memory of option cards, or to the operates. or of the options to the cover from the to the this chapter or the the Cover To optional or to the from Follow these Turn off the and then peripherals (including the and the from the and from the back Then peripheral that connected to the including the If the top of the it off and to and Removing
Turn the around facing the back shown below, the cover screw the back Turn the screw counterclockwise to the cover. The cover the back of the the comers. Press both and then the cover from the back You might from the grounding the of the cover. and Removing screw
the cover from the front of the to completely Then and
of the the of the back as shown below, to ground and shock. WARNING to ground to the back of the the cover. If properly grounded, shock when and
the If or to the operates, to the that of the The the factory; however, the as follows: or the built-in or option type to or the amount of memory or the function or the built-in VGA the of the input ready If memory to memory of to the amount of memory If to follow the instructions below. and Removing
the Turn the the back and the front right. The below shows the locations of the where the the The and the A) or and the B), as shown below. and
To from to the other, or to off its and to the to the to the or surrounding the board. The following the and their Function JP1 the early input/output ready JP10 the built-in JP11 JP12 JP13 JP14 Factory JP9 and B* input/output ready the built-in or other connected to option option option the built-in B* A* B* A* the built-in VGA the built-in VGA option as the the
memory 512KB 256KB Factory memory Factory 256KB using four 1MB 256KB and and 1MB and using 1MB and and 256KB and and Removing
If to follow these option that to the instructions. the as necessary. option Option Card, below. Follow the instructions to the cover. Option Card four option three and option You option from authorized as as other This section to option to option to memory or math If Option Card instructions. or option the of this chapter to to with or without the option and Removing
The below shows the four option option and through cards. below, the option option option and
Usually which option as as the fits the follow these when which to with the If that the as as to the option the instructions that with the to this the Follow these to option o If already the cover from the instructions.) If option that to the of JP10 and JP11 the If to the of JP12 and JP14. If this the instructions. and WARNING the cover, the back of the to ground and shock.
the screw from the top of the option cover: to the screw as the the cover. Unpack the option and switches or necessary. the option instructions.) the to of the the board, the If to it top of its with the facing the the the screw to the option to the the cover the option and
the the top and the top of the as shown below. the and the the supply the the the straight Once the reach the the to You should the and If the smoothly, force the and straight as the to that seated the the of the Supply
the of the to the back of the with the screw. Follow the instructions the of this chapter to the cover. Then Post-installation following that section. Option Card If to option follow these the from the instructions. the screw the to the back of the and straight and of the the with the facing or the preferably with the and its the of the option with the cover and with the screw. and
If option that to the of JP10 and JP11 the board. If to the of JP12 and JP14. instructions. the cover. instructions. Memory with 2MB of memory. memory the board, increase the amount of memory to 16MB. It to memory they easily incorrectly. If following the instructions this section. and this section the following to that they properly: that the the the SIMM to the amount of memory the the Once the or them If to them yourself, follow the instructions below. and Removing
Memory There SIMM the four consisting of four each. memory You the Since each four four to the The following shows the SIMM the PLUS. other that 256KB (2MB) already and SIMM the PLUS and Removing
Once where to the memory follow these to them: the cover. instructions. Turn the that the back and the front right. The SIMM located the the option as shown below. and
If option to the SIMM follow the to the card(s). The vertically as shown below. and
the SIMM the facing to the and the facing To the SIMM the it the right of the as shown below. and
Gently the SIMM and, the the top of the SIMM to the and the and the and each SIMM to the to the amount of memory the instructions. option card(s) to the SIMM Option Card instructions. If the SIMM smoothly, force it the and the SIMM the and that the the through the both and Removing
Follow the to the cover. Then Post-installation (following that section) instructions with memory. Removing Memory If to memory from or follow the below. If them yourself, the to from the It to there of and the cover. instructions. Turn the the back and the front right. The SIMM located the the option as shown below. and Removing
If option to the SIMM follow the to The SIMM vertically as shown below. and
or screwdrivers to the that the SIMM each to the too or they and Removing the the SIMM to the right
each SIMM to the to the amount of memory the instructions. option card(s) to the SIMM Option Card instructions. Follow the to the cover. Then Post-installation (following that section) instructions with memory. Math the to or math You both first the the when software. It increases the which graphic when graphics-oriented software. It to math that easily incorrectly. the SIMM release the and from the and Removing
If yourself, to the that with math Then follow the this section to to of the and instructions or the or To electricity and stationary as These instructions to the math To the or the the that with follow these to math the cover. instructions. the from its and Turn the the front facing and Removing
If option to the follow the to The math and three of each The fits the of (The or fits three The right of the notched, as shown the illustration. The located the to the right of the as shown below. math and Removing
and There notched the math as shown below. the notched of the with the notched of its The notched the to the the to the If the math the permanently
the the with the of the You should the the when they properly. Gently the the of the as shown below. Follow the to the cover. Then Post-installation following that section, instructions with math If the smoothly, force it the and it straight as the to the the and
Removing Math If to math from You extracting to the without to it without this easily the the Reference to without Chapter instructions. the Cover (or optional or the follow these to the computers cover: Facing the back of the the cover that the with three the from as shown below. and
the three the three notches the back of the three the three notches the back of the front of the the front of the the back of the cover the and of the cover to tight Turn the screw the back clockwise to the cover to the and Removing
the to the and other peripherals the to the back of the and to Post-installation or math or memory to the Reference the information. If or other type of option, such as option or to to the the type of Chapter instructions. If memory and to of as expanded memory, Expanded Memory 64OKB Chapter information. If that (such as to the Check the that with and then, necessary, follow the instructions C to If and to MS-DOS or another operating from that to the operating MS-DOS or the that with operating instructions. If memory option the that with it to the with the memory instructions. and
Additionally, to commands MS-DOS Reference and the that with option instructions. You to newly-installed option. options with their and others with the Reference You the Reference to the following: memory Math and and instructions. and
and
the VGA Graphics (VGA) built the which with IBM VGA. This allows to the with VGA monitors, other of VGA monitors, and VGA that input only). The internal VGA the Chips and 82C452 to its VGA the offers of and higher which of displaying these The built-in High-speed memory interface to memory and of or graphics with to graphics with text Graphics the The VGA VGA to and software to properly. You to software to VGA to or VGA to A-1 the VGA
These with the built-in VGA If of the option the and software that with further information the with Card This the and operation of the software and the that with If high-resolution, graphics these Microsoft Microsoft Microsoft Microsoft/IBM OS/2 Microsoft Word ResearchGEM Publisher and Ashton-Tate II WordStar WordPerfect A-2 the VGA
To the graphics of or of these VGA this the software the include the following o VGAMODE o SETVGA o MODETEST o WS33INST o SNOOZE. You to the SETVGA, MODETEST, and SNOOZE of the VGA A-57 information. the VGA A-3
to or of the or the follow these of the the DISKCOPY or the MENU MS-DOS Reference instructions.) the and to the software and Each of the of software and properly other of the software. (The of that the software the the software the section this that the the to follow instructions each section. instructed to the to the VGA below. the VGA The VGA easy to the VGA You choose each from the and each to from Then the to and displays ther instructions each A-4 the VGA
Follow these to the VGA the A. and to A. At the A> type the following and Press You the The the which VGA such as those shown below. Press or to highlight the to You the following: Select Application to Microsoft Microsoft Microsoft Microsoft to the the of software The properly with other of the software. the VGA A-5
A-6 the VGA Press to the (To and to MS-DOS, You of the the such as the following: Press or to highlight the to to and The selected appears the You as as highlight each and Once selected of the to copying them. If to selections and to the SC the the the where to the pathname offered, such as the shown below. the [driver:path] [C:\WIN386
To the pathname, To Backspace to the and type Then If to the directory Y. To to the N. If the the currently A, displays such as the following: the and copying the the selected. You the of each as copied. of the pathname to properly. the instructions this each to pathname. If the directory chose already the to the If such as the following: [C:\WIN386] (Y/N) Press when ready If of the already the directory, such as the following: C:\WIN386\WIN3K480.3EX already this (Y/N) the VGA A-7
To copying the (and overwrite the existing with that Y. the to the and to the there of the copied, further instructions and to You the and the to the text or write the instructions. Then to You the At the to to another or SC to the the instructions this that apply to the further instructions. Microsoft and You the with the or with of the of with Microsoft and other The the following graphics graphics graphics graphics graphics. the VGA A-8 To the of the N. The and to the
the If already with the Follow these the VGA to the to the VGA A-4 instructions. the instructions the and to the The displays that includes the type, and that Press to highlight VGA and The shows of Press to highlight Other and Then the of the and directory containing the the pathname selected when the VGA and The to choose Select the to and that that to Follow the of the instructions the and the to the the of the and directory to the the pathname or the VGA A-9
Microsoft and The following graphics graphics graphics graphics graphics. the If already it with the Follow these the VGA to the to the VGA A-4 instructions. the of the and directory to the the or the instructions the and to the the to the choose the following: A-10 the VGA COMPAQ 80386-Based Computers and
Then the displays that includes the type, and that Press to highlight VGA and The shows of Press to highlight Other and Then the of the and directory containing the the selected when the VGA and The to choose Select the to and that that to Follow the of the instructions the and the to the Microsoft The following graphics (W3L48O.DRV) graphics (W3L600.DRV) graphics (W3L768.DRV) graphics (W3P400.DRV) graphics (W3P48O.DRV). the VGA A-11
the Follow these to the If the Follow the instructions the VGA to the to the VGA A-4 instructions. the of the and directory to the the and the of the directory containing C: WINDOWS SYSTEM). directory. Copy the and the VGA.DRV to overwrite the VGA.DRV The of the the of this section. to the type the following and directory. SETUP and to the the instructions the and to the The Information shows the Select and the VGA A-12 COPY W3L768.DRV VGA.DRV
You of Select the Chips the to and You the Information Press the pathname to the directory containing the and Follow the of the instructions the and the to the installation. Microsoft/IBM OS/2 and The following graphics (VGA480.DLL) graphics (VGA600.DLL) graphics (VGA768.DLL) graphics (VGA400PP.DLL) graphics (VGA480PP.DLL). graphics (VGAH480.DLL) graphics (VGAH600.DLL) graphics (VGAH768.DLL). the VGA A-13
the To the follow the below: If OS/2 follow the instructions OS/2 to OS/2 VGA the and that OS/2 and operating properly. If from the VGA to the to the VGA A-4 instructions. the of the and directory to the the following: the from A. C \VGA and to the VGA directory DIR and to of the to the VGA directory. If of the and graphics to this directory, of the the of this section parentheses the they Copy the to the VGA directory the VGA.DLL. to the graphics type the following and A-14 the VGA COPY VGA768.DLL VGA.DLL
the and this DISPLAY.DLL, as the following the directory. CD\ and the following and the following and Press F6 and then Ctrl and and to the Microsoft Word, The following Word graphics (VGA600.VID) graphics (VGA 768.VID). the If already Microsoft Word follow the Word to Then follow these instructions to the the VGA to the Word to the VGA A-4 instructions. COPY VGA768.DLL DISPLAY.DLL COPY CONFIG.SYS+CON CONFIG.SYS LIBPATH=C:\VGA the VGA A-15
the of the and directory to the the and the directory containing Word Word directory. the of the the to the the of this section. that to the SCREEN.VID. to the graphics type the following and The to the Interface (ADI) and the following graphics (D2V1480.EXE) graphics (D2V1600.EXE) graphics (D2V1768.EXE). the the instructions to the To the follow the below: the VGA to the to the VGA A-4 instructions. A-16 the VGA REN VGA768.VID SCREEN.VID
the the computers memory. directory. Then type the the MS- DOS and (The the of this section.) to the graphics memory, type the following and the the AUTOEXEC.BAT You the each or the AUTOEXECBAT Follow these C and to the directory of the following and the (such as D2V17 and Press F6 and then The first with the to ADI Follow the below: from the the of the and directory to the the and the directory containing D2V1768 COPY AUTOEXEC.BAT+CON AUTOEXEC.BAT the VGA A-17
the displays the Select ADI as (The that this 7A the and to the The to the Interface (ADI) and the following graphics (R3V1480.EXE) graphics (R3V1600.EXE) graphics (R3V1768.EXE). the the instructions to the To the follow the below: the VGA to the to the VGA A-4 instructions. A-18 the VGA the of the and directory to the the and the directory containing
or the the memory. directory, necessary. Then type the the MS-DOS and (The the of this section.) the the AUTOEXEC.BAT You the each or the command AUTOEXEC.BAT Follow these C and to the directory of the following and the (such as R3V17 and Press F6 and then The first with the to ADI Follow the below: Select from the the displays the any),select to the graphics memory, type the following and R3V1768 COPY AUTOEXEC.BAT+CON AUTOEXEC.BAT A-19 the VGA
Select ADI as (The that this 7A the and to the If the first with the to ADI Follow these the SHADE.CFG from the directory The and Select AD both and that from the SHADE.CFG The to the Interface (ADI) and The following graphics (R4V1480.EXE) graphics (R4V1600.EXE) graphics (R4V1768.EXE) graphics (R4V2400.EXE) graphics (R4V2480.EXE). A-20 the VGA
the the instructions to the To the follow the below: the VGA to the to the VGA A-4 instructions. to or AutoShade the the memory. directory, necessary. Then type the the MS-DOS and (The the of this section.) the of the and directory to the the and the directory containing to the graphics type the following and R4V1768 If with include the -D option the to the type the following and R4V1768 -D the VGA A-21
the the AUTOEXEC.BAT You the each or the AUTOEXEC.BAT Follow these C and to the directory of the following and the of the (such as R4V17 and Press F6 and then The first with the to ADI Select from the the C o o ADI as driver.(The that this 7A the and to the A-22 the VGA COPY AUTOEXEC.BAT+CON AUTOEXEC.BAT
If the first with the to ADI Follow these the SHADE.CFG from the directory The and Select AD both and that from the SHADE.CFG The to the Interface (ADI) and The following graphics (VGA600.EXP) graphics (VGA768.EXP). the If follow the instructions to Then follow these to the the VGA to the to the VGA A-4 instructions. the VGA A-23
The first to the Follow these Press and to the option. Press and to the option. Select ADI the and to the A-24 the VGA the of the and directory to the the and the directory containing the directory to ADIDISP.EXP already the directory. If the the of the the to from the the of this section. that to the ADIDISP.EXP. to the graphics type the following and REN VGA768.EXP ADIDISP.EXP
The to the Interface (ADI) and The and and the following graphics graphics graphics. the If already follow the instructions to Follow these to the the VGA to the to the VGA A-4 instructions. the of the and directory to the the and the directory containing the directory the following and to the to INSTVGA Follow the instructions the to the and batch FASTACAD.BAT. the VGA A-25
to or the the memory. Follow these If necessary, directory. the following and Then or (The first or with the follow the instructions the sections below to the ADI finished the type the following and to the from memory: The first with the to ADI Select from the the A-26 the VGA FASTACAD This the FASTACAD.BAT batch which the memory. DLDVGA -U
Select AD1 as (The the and to the If the first with the to ADI Follow these the SHADE.CFG from the directory The and Select ADI both and that from the SHADE.CFG Research GEM, GEM the following graphics (SDV1480.SYS) graphics (SDV16OO.SYS) graphics (SDV1768.SYS) graphics (SDV2400.SYS) graphics (SDV2480.SYS). that this 7A the VGA A-27
the Follow the below to the If already GEM to to the GEM If GEM with the instructions GEM to GEM, with the VGA the VGA to the GEM to the VGA A-4 instructions. the from and Format the the MS-DOS FORMAT command. MS-DOS Reference instructions.) FORMAT type the following and the VGA A-28 the GEM and A. the following and GEMPREP Follow the instructions displayed the to the GEM installation. the from A. the of the and directory to the the pathname or the MS-DOS the
Copy to the GEM_DRIVRPK of the that to The of the the of this section. the MS-DOS COPY to the the GEM_DRIVRPK and the GEM A. A, type the following, and Follow the instructions GEM and the to the installation. choose the from of the GEM You to the GEM as as the GEM_DRIVRPK created. If GEM and to to another the GEM_DRIVRPK and then from to the Research GEM, GEM the following graphics (SDV1480.VGA) graphics (SDV1600.VGA) graphics graphics (SDV2400.VGA) graphics (SDV2480.VGA). SCRNSTAL C: A-29 the VGA
the If already GEM to to the GEM If GEM with the instructions the GEM to GEM and IBM VGA or Compatible as the GEM and A. Then type the following and the VGA to the GEM to the VGA A-4 instructions. the from and Format the the MS-DOS FORMAT command. MS-DOS Reference instructions.) FORMAT type the following and A-30 the VGA GEMSETUP Follow the instructions the to the GEM installation. the of the and directory to the the or GEM DRIVRPK the MS-DOS the
Copy to the GEM_DRIVRPK the that to The of the the of this section. the MS-DOS COPY to the the GEM_DRIVRPK and the GEM A. A, type the following, and Follow the instructions GEM to the existing Choose item to change, Other The to the A. the the GEM_DRIVRPK and the installation. Publisher, and Publisher, and the following graphics (SDV480SYS) graphics (SDV600.SYS) graphics (SDV768.SYS) GEMSETUP the VGA A-31
graphics (SDV480.EGA) graphics (SDV600.EGA) graphics (SDV768.EGA). the If Publisher, with If already with Publisher following the instructions Specify as the temporary the VGA to the Publisher or to the VGA A-4 instructions. the MS-DOS FORMAT to MS-DOS Reference instructions.) the MS-DOS COPY to of the from to the directory of the A. The of the the of this section. A. A-32 the VGA the of the and directory to the the or
If Publisher, type the following, and Follow the instructions the to and the installation. the from A. Publisher, includes Publisher the following graphics (SDV1480.VGA) graphics (SDV1600.VGA) graphics (SDV1768.VGA). the If Publisher, with If already with Publisher following the instructions VPDRIVER If Publisher, type the following, and the VGA A-33
the VGA to the Publisher to the VGA A-4 instructions. the FORMAT to MS-DOS Reference instructions.) the MS-DOS COPY to of the from to the directory of the A. The of the the of this section. A, type the following, and Follow the instructions the to and the installation. the from A. Release and Releases and The with releases and of as as releases and of the following text A-34 the VGA the of the and directory to the the or VPDRV2
the Follow the below to the If necessary, or the instructions the the VGA to the and Symphony to the VGA A-4 instructions. C and to the directory containing type CD and To the type the following and You the Select Advanced Then to library. Nextchoose Select Text the of the and directory to the the and the directory containing or INSTALL the VGA A-35
Choose of the following from the Text VGA 82C452 VGA 82C452 VGA 82C452 selecting the to At the The the of the such as SET this to that the of the the the this 132X25.SET. the might the 80X50.SET. the selecting from the You include the of the the 132X25.SET, type the following and to A-36 the VGA
Ashton-Tate II, Release II the following graphics: text (CT452000.SC) text (CT452003SC) text (CT452030.SC) text (CT452033.X). graphics: text (CT452200.SC) text (CT452203.X) text (CT452230.SC) text (CT452233.SC). the You the when II. If already the with the Follow these the instructions the to the and the Choose option first the VGA A-37
the VGA to the II to the VGA A-4 instructions. the MS-DOS FORMAT command to MS-DOS Reference instructions.) Copy to the of the II directory. The to the the of this section. the from A. the Select the following: On the option If this option to follow the on-screen instructions to option, or the From the Hardware. On the Then the following: A-38 the VGA the of the and directory to the the and the directory containing II other of the to
the of the to and Press to to the Select option to the and from the WordStar, built-in VGA WordStar, text without to the VGAMODE this Also, once WordStar to patch to the WordStar as below. the Patch To the patch to the WordStar follow the below: the WordStar directory the following and to of the WordStar the VGA to the WS33INST to From the Then WS33INST from the the VGA A-4 instructions. COPY WS.COM WSORIG.COM A-39 the VGA
the of the and directory to the the and the directory containing Wordstar the VGAMODE VGAMODE Utility A-57 instructions. the Wordstar directory the following and to WS33INST: This the patch to the WS.COM To the WS.COM to WS132.COM, type the following and To the WSORIG.COM to WS.COM, type the following and WordStar To WordStar with text to WordStar the VGAMODE Follow these the following and to text A-40 the VGA WS33INST REN WS.COM WS132.COM REN WSORIG.COM WS.COM VGAMODE
the following and to WordStar: WordStar, to to type the following and WordStar, and VGA WordStar, and without to the VGAMODE this You to WordStar to with WordStar follow these the WordStar directory the following and to WordStars The the of WordStar If WordStar without the this WS.EXE. the and The then the of where the the to the following and WS132 VGAMODE WSCHANGE WS132.EXE the VGA A-41
At the C o o From the Then choose At the type and Press each to from the the to the Y. The the the WS132.EXE and the displays the MS-DOS command WordStar and To WordStar or with to text to WordStar the VGAMODE Follow these the VGAMODE VGAMODE Utility A-57 instructions. the below and to text o and to WordStar. the II WordStar, to to type the following and VGAMODE the VGA A-42 VGAMODE WS132
WordPerfect, and VGA and of WordPerfect text without to the VGAMODE this and WordPerfect. WordPerfect follow these the VGAMODE already VGAMODE Utility A-57 instructions. the WordPerfect directory the following and to VGAMODE and text the following and to WordPerfects At the Specify Screen to the of field. the displays WordPerfect text To the of the the the WordPerfect instructions.) VGAMODE WP /S the VGA A-43
WordPerfect and Whenever WordPerfect or with to text to the Follow these the following and to text the following and to WordPerfect: WordPerfect, to to type the following and VGAMODE WordPerfect, VGA WordPerfect text and the following graphics graphics. the Follow these to the WordPerfect If necessary, WordPerfect A-44 the VGA VGAMODE WP
WordPerfect. Follow these to WordPerfect text the following and WordPerfect. The the and automatically. the VGA to the WordPerfect to the VGA A-4 instructions. the of the and directory to the the and the directory containing WordPerfect If already the VGAMODE A-57 instructions. the WordPerfect directory WP and to WordPerfect. the and F1 to the At this At the type. Then choose the type and to from the Graphics VGAMODE A-45 the VGA
If WordPerfect and the type the following and to the the following graphics (EGA600.EXE) graphics (EGA768.EXE). the If already follow the instructions to Follow these to the the VGA to the to the VGA A-4 instructions. the of the and directory to the the and the directory containing Press to the option. To the option, S. A-46 the VGA
Press the of the following the to the Batch with the to the batch Follow these If necessary, the directory of the EDLIN to the VCAD54.BAT, as the following MS-DOS Reference instructions using EDLIN.) The of the VCAD54.BAT the to the the of the to the of the the chose. (The the of this section.) the batch as the EDLIN Ctrl and and to the CHIPS CHIPS to the graphics the to the following: EGA768.EXE the VGA A-47
these graphics (EGAP600.EXE) graphics (EGA768P.EXE). the If already follow the instructions to Follow these to the I. the VGA to the to the VGA A-4 instructions. the of the and directory to the the and the directory containing Press to the option. the Screen option, S. Press the of these Select the to A-48 the VGA CHIPS CHIPS
the Batch with the to the batch the directory. Follow these If necessary, the directory of the EDLIN to the VCAD386.BAT. as the following MS-DOS Reference instructions EDLIN.) The fourth of the VCAD386.BAT the to the the of the EGAP) to the of the the chose. (The the of this section.) the batch as the EDLIN utility. Ctrl and and to the CADVANCE, CADVANCE the following graphics (GS600.DRV) graphics (GS768.DRV). to the graphics the to the following: EGAP768.EXE the VGA A-49
the If already CADVANCE follow the instructions CADVANCE to Follow these to the the VGA to the CADVANCE to the VGA A-4 instructions. the CADVANCE directory the following and to the the of the the to from the the of this section. that to the GS.DRV. to the graphics type the following and A-50 the VGA the of the and directory to the the and the directory containing CADVANCE DEL GS.DRV REN GS768.DRV GS.DRV
The following graphics (CHIPS600.DRV) graphics (CHIPS768.DRV). the If already follow the instructions to Then the VGA to the to the VGA A-4 instructions. the of the and directory to the the and the of directory. (That directory C:\ORCAD\DRIVERS.) the directory (The directory C: \ORCAD.) the following and to DP to the pathname. DRAFT /C the VGA A-51
Then the of the directory containing the type the following and DD to the Press to choose Then the of the the to (The the of this section.) to the graphics type the following and Press to the To Q. CADD, The following CADD, the If CADD, follow the instructions CADD to the VGA A-52 CHIPS768.DRV graphics (CHIPS600.VGD) graphics (CHIPS768.VGD).
Follow these to the the VGA to the CADD to the VGA A-4 instructions. CADD directory. the of the the to the the of this section. that to the VGA.VGD. to the graphics type the following and CADD the following and to the CADD Selectoption 1,Select Graphic the the to Press SC and then to the CADD the of the and directory to the the and the of the directory containing CADD REN CHIPS768.VID VGA.VGD CONFIG the VGA A-53
VESA The VESA conforms to the VESA VGA #VS891001 and the following graphics graphics graphics graphics. If offers VESA option to VGA this VESA to the option. You of the from options, as as of them. the VESA the SETVESA and VTEST SETVESA the and the of the VESA VGA VTEST the VESA to they operating properly. Follow the the section to the VESA and its Then SETVESA and VTEST, below, instructions the VESA the Follow these to the VESA and the SETVESA and VTEST the VGA to the VESA and to the VGA A-4 instructions. the VGA A-54
SETVESA The SETVESA allows to the and of the VESA VGA The the or The of or The the VESA and of the SETVESA command with to the the of the directory to the and the Then the of directory, If already, the of the VESA to AUTOEXEC.BAT MS-DOS Reference instructions.) To the VESA memory and the type the following and VESA452 If to of the type the following and VESA452 the of of the If the and then with the that the VESA the VESA and Then the and and VESA without the SETVESA o the VGA A-55
You the following If the without SETVESA the the Follow these to the SETVESA If necessary, the directory containing the SETVESA.EXE the SETVESA command the to and as the following VTEST The VTEST the VESA and the of the Follow these If necessary, the directory containing the VTEST.EXE the following and VTEST displays information about the first Press to testing. VTEST aspects of each and displays the the At the of the the MS-DOS A-56 the VGA SETVESA SETVESA SETVESA VTEST
the following VGA VGAMODE SETVGA MODETEST WS33INST SNOOZE. These the sections below. VGAMODE VGAMODE text text-based such as WordStar and WordPerfect. The VGAMODE allows to specify the of and displayed the the Follow these to VGAMODE: the VGA to the VGAMODE to From the Then VGAMODE from the the VGA A-4 instructions. the of the and directory to the to the directory or the to directory, already the VGA A-57
the VGAMODE to to include the pathname VGAMODE and other AUTOEXEC.BAT the section instructions. VGAMODE to the AUTOEXEC.BAT VGAMODE, include AUTOEXEC.BAT Follow these At the MS-DOS the directory, type the following and To the the VGAMODE type the following and Press F6 and then MS-DOS Reference information about pathnames.) the You specify the of and them the VGAMODE The command A-58 the VGA COPY AUTOEXEC.BAT+CON AUTOEXEC.BAT PATH C:\pathname\ instance, using the directory offered the VGA would type: PATH C:TIL\ VGAMODE
and or include the to and type the following and To VGAMODE, the that VGAMODE the the section this or the The following the of that displayed monitors: SETVGA SETVGA built-in VGA This allows to that written of the following when these VGA IBM IBM graphics IBM graphics graphics VGAMODE or IBM VGA or or the VGA A-59
software to the SETVGA the Follow these to SETVGA: the VGA to the SETVGA to From the Then SETVGA from the the VGA A-4 instructions. the SETVGA to to include the SETVGA and other AUTOEXEC.BAT the section instructions. SETVGA to the AUTOEXEC.BAT SETVGA, include AUTOEXEC.BAT Follow these At the MS-DOS the directory, type the following and To the the SETVGA type the following and the VGA A-60 the of the and directory to the to the directory or the to directory, already COPY AUTOEXEC.BAT+CON AUTOEXEC.BAT PATH C:\pathname\
Press F6 and then MS-DOS Reference information about pathnames.) the To VGA interface include the of the the SETVGA The include the of the following MDA and MDA CGA and CGA EGAC and EGA EGAM and EGA HERC and VGA and to VGA operation to EGA type the following and instance, the directory offered the VGA would this command: PATH C:TIL\ SETVGA SETVGA EGAC the VGA A-61
MODETEST The MODETEST of the to and displays the following information: of and clock MODETEST the of and around the and the Follow these to and MODETEST: the VGA to the MODETEST to From the Then MODETEST. the VGA A-4 instructions. the of the and directory to the to the directory or the pathname to another the directory containing MODETEST. the following and The displays information about the first Press to the or SC to MODETEST. A-62 the VGA MODETEST
to the the of the Press SC to MODETEST. WS33INST The WS33INST text WordStar, the WordStar WordStar, earlier this instructions and the SNOOZE The SNOOZE to specified of inactive. This the of from the The then of the the the VGA to the SNOOZE to From the Then SNOOZE. the VGA A-4 the SNOOZE to to include the SNOOZE and other AUTOEXEC.BAT the section instructions. the of the and directory to the to the directory or the to directory, already the VGA A-63
SNOOZE to the AUTOEXEC.BAT SNOOZE, include pathname AUTOEXEC.BAT Follow these At the MS-DOS the directory, type the following and Press F6 and then the To the type SNOOZE and You information about the SNOOZE and that the SNOOZE to The of inactivity the You own from to the SNOOZE to SNOOZE of type the following and To SNOOZE, type SNOOZE and A-64 the VGA COPY AUTOEXEC.BAT+CON AUTOEXEC.BAT To the the SNOOZE type the following and PA TH C:\pathname\ instance, using the directory offered the VGA would type: PATH C:TIL\ SNOOZE
and Removing This to the following or or the include to three and or and and mounting to the as shown below. or B-1 and mounting
How to This The instructions this to and optional and the PLUS and recommended this from the this the If or of the this apply to the that with information. Each section of the to the of the this follow the Chapter to the cover. If Removing from the B-24. If or and another the follow the the Jumpers B-4 first. If or and currently the mounting from the B-24. If or and the mounting or Removing the B-27. Additional instructions each section which to and B-3
the The located the board, the The slightly location, them the There four the each of the and the other and Removing B-5
If both of should the the first. or the B-27 instructions. If of already the follow the Removing From the B-24 to Then the both while they of the The that section which instructions to follow If and to the the to that only the the Then follow the instructions From the B-24 the the and B-7
On there Follow these to the mounting (and from the If necessary, the screws the and the grounding plate to of the mounting as shown below. grounding plate the four screws the mounting to the There screws each as shown below. screws screws and B-9 screws
screwdriver, the screw the mounting to the and Then the mounting plate to B-11 and screw
the Follow these to the the mounting the that the with It with three each and the the the of the shown below, there of the of the One of the with The the back of the of of the and B-13
of the supply that from the supply the the The P2, or P3 and clear You of the three shown below, the of the notched corners. supply The supply the back of the to the connected. The notched corners, as shown the with the that the notched corners the with the notched corners of the notched corners notched corners B-15 and Removing notched corners
the the mounting the of the the and the the the to the with the screw. shown the the mounting the the of the subassembly. Then the the subassembly and the screw the mounting with the the If the instructions to while the subassembly of the the Subassembly B-47. follow the the section. and B-17
the front of the subassembly to as shown below. B-19 and
the front of the subassembly the as shown below. If correctly the with the when the B-21 and
the front the the top the Then the top of the clicks should with the front of the Follow the to the cover. Then Post-installation Chapter instructions with the to to the and B-23
the screw the mounting to the and the slightly to the right, from the subassembly, and of the mounting Turn and it top of the subassembly with the mounting plate facing Since the attached to its to too from the subassembly as B-25 and
the four screws the mounting to the Then and the mounting plate with the screws. the its and Then the supply that fits the mounting that the with other or Follow the to the cover. Then Post-installation Chapter instructions without to to the or the This section to or or the You these instructions to the however, the the If or the first the and first the mounting the and B-27
the front and screwdriver to the screws the cover to the the cover, as shown below. the from the front of the If to the the front and to If the cover from the front as the front cover, and screws cover and B-29
the front of the subassembly with thumbs. to as shown below. B-31 and Removing
holding the subassembly, reach further back and the supply connected to the back right of the board, as shown below. each of the straight only the the subassembly of the and If follow the instructions the the If From the B-44. supply and B-33
There or three each of the the the round the with the each of the as shown below. the the and the back of the subassembly. Watch the the of the when the the the of them. If its that the front of the with the the (A fits the the and Removing B-35
The interface that from the back of the both Near of the interface, there to the the the with the interface that the the with the in-the interface, as shown below. the fits properly the interface and then the interface. If correctly the when If from the mounting to If to instructions the B-37 and Removing
the with the that the the with the with the the with the as shown below. the the and then the the If correctly the with the when the If the and This however, the the of the to the mounted (If necessary, the subassembly to to the and B-39
the supply that the notched corners the with the notched corners of the supply notched corners the the and then the the If correctly the with the when the If to mounted the Subassembly B-47. If connected the supply to vertically mounted to the supply to the the Then the the Subassembly the instructions the mounted and B-41 notched corners
the the subassembly, the of the the and the (If the the of the leads to that the to the with the screw. To the subassembly, the instructions B-47. shown the the mounting the the of the subassembly. Then the the subassembly and the screw the mounting with the the B-43 and o
screwdriver, the screws the to the There screws each as shown below. supply and Removing B-45
the Subassembly Follow the below to the subassembly Notice that there four mounting the back of the subassembly: the corners and the corners. and B-47
the front of the subassembly and the leading from the back of the they the subassembly and the front. and B-49
P4 the the the right of the with the the back of the the the with the the the and then the the supply P5 to the the using the holding the subassembly, the and (The slightly than the the back of each to which which. If correctly the with the the when the B-51 and Removing
the shown below, there of the the The the front of the board notch the with the the the with the notch the the the of the the and then the If correctly the with the when the notch and Removing B-53
To the front the three its the three notches the of the as shown below. the the front of the subassembly the the front of the the the and the with the the front of the If necessary, the the subassembly notches and B-55
C Physically Formatting This to low-level this should confused with the the MS-DOS FORMAT command. The physical formatting of that usually the factory the If with factory-installed or optional already physically formatted. You follow the instructions the MS-DOS to If that with its that to physically the You to the this chapter to physically either of the following Physically formatting to back the to MS-DOS Reference instructions read/write or other serious with its becomes causing the to efficiently or You to the this You that the low-level and with its own utility. Physically Formatting C-1
If formatting necessary, to the the formatting and formatting the FDISK, SELECT, or FORMAT. physically or option or of the Format to MS-DOS. Follow the instructions MS-DOS The and the to (If another operating follow the instructions the that with Choosing the of Format Follow these to the formatting options: the Reference A. Turn or the The MS-DOS and displays the Press to highlight Format and The Format appears the C-2 Physically HARD DISK FORMAT MENU Format
The formatting options as follows: The type of choose whether that or formatting the first the below. Reformatting Used If reformatting using that appears to follow these the to tracks. If the back to MS-DOS Reference instructions the Format first the it and which to as Then the the and the they to read/write or and the this option writes and reads the that You the that formatted. o the without You the that Physically Formatting C-3
Formatting New with of the the You to the to the tracks. Other (such as those with the already If formatting that formatted, the option to the Selecting Option using this often to option from There to this: You the arrow to highlight the option and You type the of the option and You option that appears the of these Starting the Formatting If than this Select the first or the Then the instructions below the Format option to C-4 Formatting
Option Format If -Format from the Format the following that (If the already track the the to tracks.) Select to the or to the process. If Y, the the and displays these the process: You the head and as the the the displays the such as the following: Next the following Format Scan to information (Y/N) Scanning tracks... Head Scanning finished. recommended sectors (Y/N) Physically Formatting C-5
to the recommended sector the factor) of other to this the that with the To the Y. To N. You the following from through which the sector the The sector the type. Then Next this the recommended of another type of the recommended the the To the Y. To N. You the following from through which the sector the The sector the type. Then C-6 Physically Formatting sectors recommended sectors head (Y/N) sectors head (O-16):
The allows to the Head Head Head Head Head Defective Track (Y/N) At the of the this Select to the as it Then the following section and to the C-9. To to the the section below. the Defective Track If to the the following options the of the Defective Track to with track, C track, track, corm-and To track, follow these Press A. You this (Y/N) Physically Formatting C-7
the of the containing the and You this the head the track and To the operation, without appears the and the track, necessary. If the to the incorrect and C to the or to the track from the the as track. The and head and to the of the If or head of the of appears and the to the the tracks, without editing, the the track the correct, F. The about the of proceeding with C-8 Physically Formatting head
the ready to formatting the the following warning: If to the select: N. If Y; the chance to Select to formatting (and or to If with ALL DATA WILL BE DESTROYED IN WARNING? ALL PARTITIONS OF HARD DISK, NOT JUST IN MS-DOS PARTITION! to formatting (Y/N) DOUBLE CHECK THAT YOU HAVE BACKUP DISKETTE COPIES OF ALL YOUR FILES. to and o Format started. Head C-9 Physically Formatting
You the head and as the formatting the and of these: Format finished. tracks... head Format completed. Press ENTER to to the Press to to the Format Option You of to tracks, and that If this the track that the this reason, think that causing first option to the The operates of writing, reading, and information every of the that already as tracks. C-10 Physically Formatting
To this from the Format You these the each track, counts the to the the displays the of the including of that write, as the following: If the that the summary with write, The this: Read/Save/Write/Read/Restore/Read tracks... finished. write, detected. destroyed. Press ENTER to to the Head Head Head Head Confirm to the the Read Track as tracks. to the as tracks? (Y/N) Tracks C-11 Physically Formatting
To the as Y. You of the as they and these tracks... head Press ENTER to to the Press to to the Format Option The and to the of this To the from the Format You these tracks... the each track, counts the to the the displays the of the such as the following: finished. C-12 Physically
If the the displays of the that to the the displays. the this the information displayed. Then to to the Format Exiting the Format To the Format The displays the If the with option or MS-DOS (or another operating the to the Reference from and then follow the instructions MS-DOS The and the If only the the Reference from and the RESET to MS-DOS. Press ENTER to to the Physically Formatting C-13
C-14 Physically Formatting
Troubleshooting You should as and of the ordinary to this You repeating software or the trying the this chapter, the of instructions. If the or the authorized to the or to Authorized Customer service. If necessary, the Customer Information the location of Authorized Customer or Customer ready to the of its (including the type of and option cards), and the and of software You the the back If to MS-DOS, follow the below to MS-DOS and the of ROM BIOS. Troubleshooting D-1
If follow these At the MS-DOS type ROMBIOS and (You to the directory where ROMBIOS.COM the displayed At the MS-DOS command type VER and The displays the MS-DOS the to If follow these the Reference and or At the to MS-DOS and At the A> type ROMBIOS and the the Reference and A. VER and The displays the MS-DOS the to built-in memory (ROM) of which every These such as ROM, RAM, the the and the The RAM the amount of memory currently If the displays and the D-2 Troubleshooting
If the serious, this the and and then F1 to the and to when reporting If the serious, the further and The the and the If this as as this information and both the and to The following the and that appear If the below. It to the troubleshooting section this If the section that covers and Action board board board board clock options options and Chapter Memory Chapter Troubleshooting D-3
and Memory RAM options Memory Memory Memory or or CRT CRT and interface) (RS-232C and D-4 Troubleshooting Action Chapter or
and The Wont If when the the following: the light If and off the that the securely connected to both the AC the back and the or Reference necessary, and the If the light the outlet Turn off and the from the the and to the outlet If the outlet and the Auxiliary Auxiliary If off the reason, least seconds turning back You the off and If the cant the below. Action Troubleshooting D-5
The Not If and when type the follow these operations than others to the to than to typed character. If reasonable of to the to its The first such to to its what If the the MS-DOS the RESET and If that the Reference and the RESET If the the below. Could software causing the If Software this The caused this If operating properly, to the If to whatever the and to the MS-DOS the Ctrl and Break (or C). Chapter information command or D-6 Troubleshooting
If respond, the Ctrl command. If that command the with the RESET Computer Chapter information. If the off the and least seconds. If the A. Then the It should MS-DOS. If EGA or VGA or another type of that to the JP14 to the built-in VGA the the instructions. If or cards, to the of JP12. This the whether or (JP12 the factory.) If the incorrectly, of these CRT CRT If of JP12 to the type. You to the the type of the instructions. Troubleshooting D-7
If the this the the the displays If the the The and third chance to correctly. If three the the and to If when the information, as Network Chapter If try the following: If think know the the and instructions. If know the to or Chapter instructions. (You or and If and then the following to the off the and follow the instructions the to the function JP13 to B. D-8 Troubleshooting TURN OFF POWER AND CORRECT JUMPER SETTING TO ENABLE PASSWORD CHECKING
If know the and to below. If know the and to New below. Removing If and to there to the the existing the function. To of these procedures, the board. If using and the the off You should the existing to to without to existing below, instructions. If the function, the to the existing that If to follow the instructions the function below. Troubleshooting D-9
existing If know and to follow these to the existing Turn off the and follow the instructions the Chapter to the function JP13 to A. the Reference and the You the the appears, highlight and Then the and follow the instructions as to when the to immediately. This clears the existing to the and highlight EXIT AND SAVE when the Reference off the and follow the instructions the to the function JP13 to A. If the A. Turn the You the and the MS-DOS. to and The already the D-10 Troubleshooting
the function If to anymore, the function. to the function as the If to to easily follow the instructions Existing To the function, follow the instructions the Chapter to the of JP13 to A. New If and to follow these Turn off the and follow the instructions the Chapter to the function JP13 to A. the Reference and the You the the Operation appears, highlight and Then follow the instructions the to (If to highlight Network and to the function.) this to and highlight when EXIT AND SAVE TURN OFF POWER AND CORRECT JUMPER SETTING TO ENABLE PASSWORD CHECKING Troubleshooting D-11
the Reference off the and follow the instructions the Chapter to the function JP13 to B. If the A. Turn the You the If the to the the Chapter or Network Chapter to remember or write and If the to the the If with the the following: If the displays of the following when or the the securely connected to the D-12 Troubleshooting or or Connecting the Chapter instructions.
If the properly, the function the arrow the only as numbers. to the the right of the the to off the function. If nothing when type the The Not Respond, the following: If there the that the switch and that the light the If the light the the brightness and the SNOOZE temporarily Press to the (or activity). If the instructions the SNOOZE A. If the switch the light off the seconds, and the back to the displays If the light the Turn off and from the the and to the outlet If to the of the function when turn the the and Chapter D-13 Troubleshooting
If the connected to the properly. Connecting the instructions to to the and match, and, switches or the properly. Connecting Chapter and the that with and instructions. chosen the type the the Chapter If to the the type of and using the and software. If EGA or VGA or another type of that to the JP14 to the built-in VGA the the Chapter instructions. D-14 Troubleshooting If that graphics the If using or cards, to the of JP12. This the whether or (JP12 the factory.)
If with the and CRT or the Graphics and CRT E. If the the where bought the You the following with or If this or the following the 5-inch to the the Chapter information. You the or the the from the and with the facing to the latch. Chapter instructions and If the incorrectly, of these CRT CRT If of JP12 to the type. You to the the type of the instructions. D-15 Troubleshooting
If the the and to another of the type, the the other and the operation. If this the below. to the right type of Follow these If the right type write-protected. On 5-inch there write-protect the notch its or there On 3-inch the write-protect switch to the write-protect or there switch. You write-protected function properly the write-protected. the information. D-16 Troubleshooting 1.2MB 5-inch, double-sided, high- TPI You 360KB write to this using 360KB 1.44MB 3-inch, double-sided, high- TPI This type of and write to 720KB 360KB 5-inch, TPI You 1.2MB this 720KB 3-inch, double-sided, TPI You 1.44MB this of Drives Chapter information.
the MS-DOS Reference instructions formatting You incorrect type when the the to the Chapter instructions. of the following MS-DOS If there something with the MS-DOS or updated the information the incorrectly. This the of these Abort, Retry? reading writing If of these the properly the On 5-inch the closed. the If the try the and This the the seated properly the If the the MS-DOS COPY to the from the to MS-DOS Reference instructions.) of includes of other expected D-17 Troubleshooting
To the repairs, the MS-DOS CHKDSK. MS-DOS Reference instructions. You the following with or If this or with follow these the and E. If the If the further examination of If read/write heads this MS-DOS D-18 Troubleshooting sounds with Reading Abort, Retry, or To the read/write heads, head cleaning stores. cleaning too often cleaning heads.
If with the of the following the following MS-DOS the as the MS-DOS incorrect type when the the type Chapter of the If to the that with to that the If MS-DOS the MS-DOS when the of the MS-DOS Turn off and A. Then D-19 Troubleshooting
If the the directory of when the DIR command.) If MS-DOS from repartitioned or or of the D-20 Troubleshooting C and to the If this the to the COMMAND.COM the directory of the DIR and If COMMAND.COM the directory, the MS-DOS COMPARE to the COMMAND.COM with the COMMAND.COM the MS-DOS Reference instructions COMPARE.) If the match, the COPY to the the with the the following and COPY A:COMMAND.COM C: the and the RESET to the If the MS-DOS from the corrected the the and type to A. Then type the following and to the from to the directory of the SYS the and the to MS-DOS from the
If of read/write or other serious with the and E. If the If using and to read/write the the If this the to the If to this, follow these the Information option of the FDISK to active (bootable) DOS the MS-DOS Reference instructions FDISK.) If back and then MS-DOS the MS-DOS instructions. If the active DOS back and then reformatting the SELECT. MS-DOS instructions. Reformatting the currently this only and trying the the the using COPY, XCOPY, or BACKUP the MS-DOS Reference Follow the instructions C to low-level (physical) Follow the instructions the MS-DOS to MS-DOS the D-21 Troubleshooting
If with that the leading from that to the board and the disconnected. Software If with the following If the that following the the and that correctly. If and the directory that or specifying the directory. If the the top (usually A). high or While properly the the software to this the and the necessary. the Chapter instructions and information protected D-22 Troubleshooting
If MS-DOS command that to there type to MS-DOS to what These the to the If when type the Follow the instructions Chapter to follow with If the and information, You of the following These appear with the to which connected. If connected to the the If correctly immediately that the and properly connected to the (Also, or instructions. To MS-DOS while of the following commands: the Ctrl and C the Ctrl and Troubleshooting D-23
the the DIP switch or These properly with the If using than or than the know which the and which the secondary instructions to the and the If properly functioning, from the MS-DOS the displays the MS-DOS (such as C> or A>), and This should the of the (such as properly they to what required. the Interface) or the (RS-232C) these If the the where bought the D-24 Troubleshooting If to the internal of the (or To this, the MS-DOS MODE command or the MENU and the MS-DOS Reference
Option Card If option and functioning properly, the following: the option correctly? The with option the option well-seated its the Chapter and the instructions that with the option the DIP switches or the option option instructions. the necessary the board? Chapter information. the to the Chapter that its option If and with that the leading from that to the and the disconnected. option option to early input/output ready to properly. If using the to to the early input/output ready Then the If correctly, If the option to to the to the to the option the back D-25 Troubleshooting
the the software with the option If necessary, software instructions the software If with of the following Auxiliary Auxiliary If of these the following: that the securely connected to the and the Chapter information. If option to JP11 and JP12 to the built-in and the the Chapter instructions. If with the Microsoft and the operating properly within to the MOUSE7PT.EXE below. the or incorrectly when the D-26 Troubleshooting
the MOUSE7PT.EXE The MOUSE7PT.EXE which then that the unchanged. If using Microsoft to this to patch the Follow these to and MOUSE7PT.EXE: the and directory where the MOUSE.COM Reference A. the COPY to MOUSE7PT.EXE from Reference to the directory that the MOUSE.COM MS-DOS Reference instructions using the COPY command.) the directory that the MOUSE7PT.EXE and MOUSECOM the following and to the This that to the the to the .COM. MOUSE7PT MOUSE.COM newmouse.COM (where newmouse. COM the the Troubleshooting D-27
If included the MOUSE.SYS CONFIG.SYS to the .SYS as .SYS .COM the instructions. to the with which the to the the memory. There to this: the of the the MS-DOS command and then the AUTOEXECBAT (or another batch to include the of the MS-DOS Reference instructions. If already the the the Memory If memory to and that memory operating properly, the following: to that the memory correctly and that they match SIMM Chapter instructions JP4 through JP8. If the correctly the memory count displayed the incorrect, or the correctly. They the they the type of SIMM, or they the their that the memory count include the 384KB of memory 640KB and 1MB.) D-28 Troubleshooting
to the or memory to memory instructions. If with write that appear and Math If math to operating properly, the following: the Reference and to that the math as the If as or the math incorrectly. and information. If math as the to the that with the math procedures to or troubleshooting information. If to the yourself. If the Memory Chapter and the instructions. to the math yourself. information about that to Troubleshooting D-29
If with math the Reference instructions. If math with its the that with and those also. D-30 Troubleshooting
Performing This to the operation of the and peripheral of You these using the Reference the whether correctly. The the of this the testing. You the following each of which reference numbers: board Memory and CRT graphics and CRT and Math interface) (RS-232C and Performing E-1
Starting To the or with the Reference A. If this other To the follow these the Reference A. Turn or the The appears. If the to turn off the function. Press or to and then the the peripheral that to the Then of the testing. This includes only the that of such as following, E-2 Performing
If the correctly highlighted and If from this or to the or and Then the E-5. If the built-in VGA or EGA or VGA with should include item graphics and CRT. If the built-in VGA or EGA or VGA with should include item and CRT. the those items. If that to to the and o MS-DOS, should the from or from the to MS-DOS. finished the Reference from A. If the Then to the commands the CONFIG.SYS and AUTOEXEC.BAT Performing E-3
Selecting Option using the often to option from There to this: You the arrow to highlight the option and then to You type the of the option and to this the first option highlighted. If to that option, already highlighted). If to option or this the to to that option. Then to You SC to the currently displayed and to the E-4 Performing
the If from the to the and At the following N. You this To to the The displays of other that currently included the You to this: Highlight the item to and You as as necessary. the DEVICE LIST (Y/N) Additional DEVICE LIST and CRT Math to DEVICE LIST E-5 Performing
To from the The displays the Select the item to You as as necessary. the correct, The displays the and these options: If the correct, You ready to Selecting From the the to the to the You this E-6 Performing
You specify that the only or of the from to testing of only; only once To the once, The of the To the You this Select to terminate the or to the of You this To the once, If to the than once, type the of and the of to choose from. Instead, the that to If chose to the than once, the the and then them the You this the the tests: If while of the to the o o o o E-7
From If the that and and appear. If to the the You this of the (Y/N) To without the N. ready and Then Y. If the ready, the following and appear: correctly. correctly (Y/N) Correct the and to or to the the this Printout finished. Press ENTER to to the The of the following It to the or If and terminating the the that caused the E-8 Performing
The below the the internal and optional You of the when appear only of The displays the title of each the that the of or to to the to the the below the tests. of the and these the the of this board Memory and CRT Attribute Character Graphics E-9 Performing the memory and displays memory count the of
(continued) graphics and CRT and Random Math the of the math the interface) back (RS-232C) the secondary to E-10 Performing Attribute Character Graphics Screen Light of of the the back
and the included loop-back Read, E-11 Performing the operation of the to with the operation of the the secondary to
and The following the and that appear testing. and KEYBOARD CONTROLLER TIMEOUT ERROR CPU INSTRUCTION ERROR Memory MEMORY ERROR ERROR KEYBOARD ERROR KEYBOARD IS NON-STANDARD, OR KEYBOARD IS DEFECTIVE E-12 Performing CPU ERROR ROM CHECKSUM ERROR TIMER COUNTER REGISTER ERROR TIMER COUNTER ERROR DMA CONTROLLER REGISTER ERROR REFRESH ERROR DMA PAGE REGISTER ERROR KEYBOARD CONTROLLER SELF DIAGNOSTIC ERROR KEYBOARD CONTROLLER WRITE COMMAND ERROR INTERRUPT CONTROLLER ERROR CMOS SHUTDOWN BYTE ERROR CMOS BATTERY ERROR CMOS CHECKSUM ERROR PROTECT MODE ERROR PROTECT MODE ERROR
and and CRT graphics and CRT and Math ERROR IN ADAPTER CHECK ERROR IN ATTRIBUTE CHECK ERROR IN CHARACTER SET CHECK ERROR IN GRAPHICS MODE CHECK ERROR IN SCREEN PAGING CHECK ERROR IN LIGHT PEN CHECK ERROR IN VIDEO CHECK ERROR IN SYNC CHECK ERROR IN ADAPTER CHECK ERROR IN CHARACTER SET CHECK ERROR IN COLOR GRAPHICS CHECK ERROR IN SCREEN PAGING CHECK ERROR IN LIGHT PEN CHECK ERROR IN COLOR VIDEO CHECK ERROR IN SYNC CHECK DISKETTE DRIVE CONTROLLER ERROR SEQUENTIAL SEEK ERROR RANDOM SEEK ERROR WRITE ERROR READ ERROR DISK CHANGE CHECK REMOVE ERROR DISK CHANGE CHECK INSERT ERROR COPROCESSOR NOT INSTALLED COPROCESSOR INITIALIZE ERROR COPROCESSOR INVALID OPERATION MASK ERROR COPROCESSOR ST FIELD ERROR COPROCESSOR COMPARISON ERROR COPROCESSOR ZERO DIVIDE MASK ERROR COPROCESSOR ADDITION ERROR COPROCESSOR SUBTRACTION ERROR COPROCESSOR MULTIPLICATION ERROR COPROCESSOR PRECISION ERROR E-13
and (continued) interface) (RS-232C and ERROR PIN E-14 Performing ERROR PIN ALWAYS LOW ALWAYS HIGH TIMEOUT ERROR ERROR ALWAYS LOW ALWAYS HIGH TIMEOUT ERROR VERIFY ERROR SEEK ERROR WRITE ERROR READ ERROR ERROR PIN
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU memory ROM RAM Math clock or through software or memory 2MB RAM memory of 256KB, 512KB, or 640KB, through Memory 256KB or 1MB to 16MB 128KB (includes BIOS and VGA BIOS) both ROM BIOS and ROM RAM or both when to (optional) clock, and CMOS RAM Specifications F-1
RAM 32KB high-speed RAM Interfaces F-2 Specifications Supports to of four 5-inch, high-density, 1.2MB; 5-inch, 360KB; 3-inch, high-density, 1.44MB; or 3-inch, 720KB; Supports to interface board VGA with 1MB of memory built board; only; to or or to D-shell RS-232C, asynchronous; D-shell D-shell DIN, PS/2 or other
DIN, PS/2 input/output Option (three ISA and ISA operation software 14OW, fan-cooled, input to VAC and to VAC VDC Amps, VDC Amps 5-inch 1.2MB (high-density) capacity VDC Amps, VDC Amps VDC seconds) to three half-height mount and mounts) of the following types: 3-inch 1.44MB (high-density) capacity Specifications F-3
3-inch factor to half-height first mounted vertically, mounted Function F-4 Specifications 3-inch 720KB QWERTY function to 5-inch 360KB
Physical Characteristics inches inches Height inches (without Specifications F-5
F-6 Specifications
or that the location where information memory. that to, or acts transmitted the Application software to such as or spreadsheet ASCII American Information representing characters, such as numbers, and graphic ASCII character of computers, and transmitted ASCII of which character to another that to to AUTOEXEC.BAT The batch that when MS-DOS. Batch
The that the to switch from high to when of or that created the or memory The memory the below 1MB that to MS-DOS and programs-usually 640KB. memory or memory. Batch type of that of MS-DOS commands command. Batch text with the .BAT. batch each type the MS-DOS the commands that sequentially. BIOS ROM (Read Memory) that input/output functions of the operating or The of The of the or of charge. To the operating the memory.
or of that character. memory high-speed type of memory that information from or memory where CGA Graphics type of that to of text with characters each graphics or graphics Character that the or the includes numbers, and graphic CMOS Complementary type of of or instructions. software or of Command instruction to to function.
Command The or that MS-DOS and ready to instructions. The command displays the and directory. If C, the this: C The of of typical consists of with and connected to command when Ctrl and another the that instructs the to function. memory The memory to 640KB) MS-DOS and Also memory or memory. optional that the to mathematical Copy-protected type of that copied. copy-protected to the the while using the to instead of high
CPU Processing Unit. The of the that instructions, the of and input and operations. Cursor The highlighted that shows the The of that read/write head. The of to the of the of heads. Information such as text or graphics or which (as to or that when the turned or temporarily or the character or to of MS-DOS command.
of that of and such as or containing instructions that allow to and The PLUS with that and VGA features when with The and the to its internal and its DIP switch switch. switch option or that function. Directory of of directory shows the location, and of the the directory. directory both and The and The physical that allows the to from and write to which sealed protective
of with to permanently. board that of the option to the interface. The the the displays text and graphics. the PLUS, VGA built the board.) known as DOS commonly operating that the input and type of that allows to as as the 5-inch 360KB of 3-inch 720KB of The of colon-for C EGA Enhanced Graphics type of that allows to high-resolution graphics It to of text with characters each or or graphics to
Expanded memory Memory that specially written MS-DOS with Expanded Memory (EMS) such as EMM386.SYS. Memory Memory 1MB that the protected of the and to and operating VGA features of the built-in VGA when and These include text and to VGA of to three characters that to to of related of information records, or together Text of and of and to and instructions. to characters that MS-DOS to
Format To (or to that information. Formatting and sectors and locations Graphics and other nonalphanumeric The to amounts of It and than physical of such as or CPU. High-density type of that allows to than or 5-inch high-density MB of 3-inch high-density MB of Input/output (I/O) Interface physical or software to or that option or the board to function.
containing copy-protected that the while the (KB) to memory or One bytes. LIM EMS of the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification-a that allows to memory that MS-DOS board The built containing the the to Math optional that the to mathematical MCGA Monochrome/Color Graphics type of that or graphics MDA type of that displays text such as or (MB) to memory or One 1024KB.
to (of internal clock). second. The PLUS operates or operating Memory The where Memory (ROM) or temporary (RAM). Memory board that memory chips. You 256KB or 1MB memory to the the to the memory. memory commonly SIMM memory Memory The memory option the MGA Graphics type of that text and graphics the of CPU that allows to telephone and
The of that the and displays information. that displays only such as or as to which with or buttons. the the the the MS-DOS Microsoft The operating commonly with Network The which the other to The write to and from the other the Network optional that security that operating as the built-in VGA that refreshes the the from top to
The to the right of the The which the commands. The PLUS or operating of (such as MS-DOS, MS OS/2, or UNIX) that operations. The operating the and input and Option the to such as The type of interface that the of Interface and to that MS-DOS what to and information such as what to and where to or Parity to the of that the of the or parity.
The operating to sections or You and or Pathname The of and specify to the the SALES which located the subdirectory BUSINESS of the directory BUSINESS \SALES. Peripheral (such as or connected to that the its operation. physical input/output where peripheral that the to its internal and each The of characters type the to and to characters and include numbers, and
that instructions and what to and to Prompt the to information or what action to Command RAM Access Memory. The of the memory to and while RAM when off or the to or To from to another. when text the reads the from the and displays the Read/write head The physical that reads and records the of clock battery-powered clock the that of the and when the turned off. To operating or operating information RAM.
RGB type of ROM Memory. of memory that and temporary ROM its when turn off the directory RS-232C used, type of interface. You easily RS-232C to the built-in Sector section of that which the The procedures to its The type of interface that Interface and
RAM The the PLUS that the to the ROM BIOS and ROM the RAM of memory to processing. SIMM Memory Software The that to the and Subdirectory directory or of that branches from another subdirectory or from the directory. VGA The graphics when using and of that VGA includes of the VGA VGA Switch option to MS-DOS that the the Switches the /S switch to FORMAT command, MS-DOS the operating the as of the to the functioning correctly.
that the operating Tracks resembling the record, which to the areas. There each of 1.2MB, 1.44MB, or 720KB and tracks each of 360KB The of its capacity. VGA Graphics type of high-resolution The VGA built the of graphics to or graphics to that of the option to interface. with built-in VGA to to this interface. To To the from write-protect the notch the of 5-inch or the write-protect switch 3-inch write-protected, or its
light RESET option VGA release TURBO light or light