EQUITY EPSON
America representations or warranties, or implied, or with to anything this and warranties of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of information from the of the information contained this publication and features to without of Corporation. of Inc. Other only and of their respective Copyright America, Inc. California Y740991001 IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
This tested and found to with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS FOR CANADIAN USERS WARNING
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the cleaning. cloth cleaning, cleaners or cleaners. this this or and the and the back or these or covered. This should or or heat This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or to properly grounded (earthed) outlets. If to the the to outlets the as photocopiers or that switch and off. this where the If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the of this through the of the as specifically the to service this yourself. servicing to service
this from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or B. If the C. If the normally when the operating instructions those that covered the operating instructions, of other and often to the to operation. D. If the or the E. If the performance.
instructions conserver instructions coffre type Toutes fiche brancher marche toutes
service A. broches, B. C. instructions. instructions; touchant marche. D. tombe E. performance
Introduction PLUS high-performance which offers and The 80386SX includes 2MB of internal memory, built-in VGA graphics built-in and interfaces, and IBM PS/2 These interfaces allow to of peripheral directly to the to option cards. The PLUS four option (three and which such as or to three internal and or and Additionally, offers RAM to the ROM BIOS and the ROM the RAM of memory. This allows the to and information Optional You easily memory and about optional that with the IBM Computer, PC XT, or PC AT. memory to the board, the computers memory to 24MB. The first 16MB as or expanded memory; memory 16MB only as expanded. Introduction
You to 80387SX, math to mathematical with authorized information optional and Other Software You of MS-DOS to with another operating or XENIX If another such OS/2, UNIX operating to the that with to and You the IBM PC, PC XT, PC AT, or PLUS. You software with VGA included VGA and that with built-in VGA With these of VGA features such as graphics to and text The VGA and the VGA that with Introduction
How to This This to and and Although the with 21/4-inch instructions 31/2-inch included. You to everything this the following chapter Chapter instructions On the back cover foldout the of to these as Chapter to the SETUP to this You to the Chapter instructions operating such as using and and features to performance. Chapter to and the and subassembly to the internal Chapter of the options and instructions the battery, and Introduction
Chapter to and the technical the the to C troubleshooting At the of the and Where to If purchased the United States, America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the Consumer Assistance locating Authorized or Service Technical with the installation, and of products technical information service Product with technical specifications and products of ribbons, and Customer Relations. introduction
PLUS easy. follow the this chapter. to this back cover foldout to the the Choosing Location
to choose location that the following: or enough to the of and of its Soft and attract electricity, which the and of around the freely. Select cool, and from humidity, and sunlight or other of heat. To charges, to three-hole, grounded outlets. You outlet the the and outlets and other peripheral interference. too to such as telephone, which field.
Removing the Protector Cord If SW-inch there the This the factory to the read/write heads the To the to the as shown below; then (If 51/4-inch to the from the If to the to This the read/write heads the process.
Connecting The to the the type of If VGA (or with to the built-in VGA the VGA Interface below. If other type of Card the VGA interface Follow these to VGA to the VGA the and turned off. top of or the easy access, turn the and around the of both facing If necessary, the to the permanently attached
the of the and the to match the of the with Then the the as shown below. If the screws, to them.
the the as shown below. the other of the
Card If to of the option the already the If the to follow the instructions Chapter to option first, the following to and properly matched. or EGA or or VGA EGA only EGA the to switches or the properly. to switch to or the that with or instructions. (MDA) graphics (MCA) Enhanced graphics (EGA) graphics graphics (CGA) graphics (MGA) graphics (EGA) graphics (VGA)
If the to the built-in VGA interface that as the You to J3 to whether or instructions Once to this section to to the If with its follow the instructions there. follow the the VGA Interface the instead of the built-in VGA Connecting or Other both and interfaces. To or other peripheral to of these interfaces, follow the instructions below. the Interface The interface and DB-25S To and IBM If which with Once the right follow these the and turned off. the to the with their facing
One of the the to match the of the interface with shown the below). Then the the as shown below. If the screws, them or with screwdriver, the screw type. screws
the other of the to the as shown below. To the the each of the and them the three-hole, grounded
the If or other peripheral with interface, to the (IR-232C) the back of the The DB-9P To follow the as connecting the the with as shown below. You to that the properly. If using the to redirect to the instead of the To this, the MS-DOS MODE or SETMODE command. MS-DOS instructions.
Connecting the Follow these to the the turned off. the the the housing the the with as shown Although the and the and physically they interchangeably. to the
You the the the To the of the and each as shown below. Connecting the IBM PS/2 that DIN turned off. If this type of to the built-in If that interface to the built-in or option to the interface. To to the built-in the oriented properly with its the with as shown the following
Once connected to commands to MS-DOS CONFIG.SYS to to MS-DOS and instructions. If to or other
Connecting the Cord Follow these to the cord: the the AC the back as shown below. the other of the three-hole, grounded WARNING To shock, to the the the
Turning On the ready to the first, the following to or yourself: or peripheral or when the the with the off or while light This the least seconds off the This allows the to clear and its memory. near or of its the of off the the cord, and seconds the cover. the cover to internal memory, or the battery. Follow these to the the AC the back of the and three-hole, grounded Turn around the front and other that Choosing Location, typical Turn the and other peripheral to the YourSystem
To the the located the right of the front as shown below. The to the button lights seconds, the counts the amount of and then This of the each to everything correctly. If necessary, the to the and characters the clear and of intensity. If and to them to the If or to such as to to the first
the completed its the following Press to SETUP If MS-DOS already to the information about the operating MS-DOS If there operating the Follow the instructions below to off the and then to Chapter instructions the SETUP If match the information the CMOS RAM through the SETUP and to the F1 Press F1 to Then the SETUP to the information. Chapter instructions.) Turning the ready to off the of followed to Turn off the first, then off the and to Chapter and follow the instructions to the SETUP
Chapter the SETUP the first to the SETUP to This which least once. You to of The SETUP the read-only memory (ROM), the or You to or the SETUP or the following: tl Cl and of of of using testing function RAM function CPU clock EMS interface the and and the and the SETUP
The through SETUP of memory CMOS RAM. This memory backed battery, when off or the the the and the information the CMOS RAM and to SETUP. You such as the following: CMOS memory RUN SETUP UTILITY Press to RESUME Press F1 to SETUP and the Starting the SETUP To the SETUP there the then (If the already the RESET the front to the its the following Press to SETUP as this the If within seconds, the the operating and to SETUP. If this the and try You the following options: operating SETUP The first option highlighted. Press to highlight SETUP, and then The SETUP appears the the SETUP
The displays the memory the memory and whether math Additionally, the SETUP the Selecting highlights the currently selected. You through the the four arrow reach to or to and the information appears the of the the options or other to to the highlighted The of this chapter to choose the SETUP the and The clock continously tracks the and when the turned off. Once the and SETUP, should to to the necessary. (The the years.) The month highlighted and the right of the shows the the month. The flashing. Press or to the month, and To the the to the and or to the hour and to 24-hour clock. would hour You the of seconds. the SETUP
the Drive(s) with and another of or capacity. The SETUP offers selections (A and B): 1.2MB 51/4-inch 360KB 51/4-inch 1.44MB 31/2inch 720KB 31/2-inch Not the both and them necessary. (If Not B.) If the capacity of the SETUP
the Drive(s) The SETUP the type of If the first C and the D. to choose the both Follow these Cl If Not C and D. If Not D. If with 100MB (or this yourself), C. If another type of If that the 100MB (type to the type to match The following the of this and the with to the type should the to this If of the match own type, below. to the type that matches below. the SETUP
the SETUP
type If the its match of the the type. Follow these With the the type option, or to through the to 47-USERTYPE. the to the these the of the Head the of read/write heads the the the (the which the the heads when the HDSIT the of sectors the the amount of the the SETUP
Press each If the and to the and You SETUP this based the other the This option the type of VGA or EGA that this option the (the built-in VGA or optional interface the connected to If connected to the built- VGA VGA or EGA. follow these to the type: If graphics (CGA) or graphics (MGA) attached to RGB or to the switch the MGA to If (MDA), MGA, or MGA attached to choose to the switch the MGA to the
If such as with input, selecting Co1or If that the SETUP and If of types, the the to The other secondary If EGA or VGA or another type of that to the the board to the built-in VGA interface. If type of and then the type of using (from to or to J3. If of the to match the that instructions the function There options the function: or Not Select the to the operation of the each or Select Not the to the to as the the SETUP
the RAM RAM memory) than ROM (read-only memory). The RAM the PLUS to the of its BIOS and/or ROM RAM operations The SETUP RAM option choose what to the RAM and Select memory or that its RAM which or Select to the RAM function. RAM 128KB of the RAM 640KB and 1MB (384KB). If the RAM 256KB of this memory as or expanded memory. If RAM, of the 384KB of RAM as memory, 256KB of as expanded memory. Expanded Memory 640KB information. the SETUP
the CPU Clock This option the which operates when High high the TURBO light the front At high memory You should high everything that the ones) when You the to automatically. This the to switch to whenever to high other operations. Select or to the switch to when necessary. You to the copy-protected the Chapter information. to selecting the operating through SETUP, the temporarily or the ESPEED the Chapter information. the SETUP
EMS The EMS option to the amount of memory to as expanded. Expanded memory conforming to the (LIM EMS). The PLUS with of the LIM EMS. Once the expanded memory with the EMS option, to memory to the memory to expanded memory. with memory and there of other memory If already memory (such as the with MS-DOS), should that with EMS If another memory the EMM386SX.SYS memory which Reference Memory 640KB Chapter instructions. EMS to expanded memory to information. The amount of memory appears the information You of to as expanded memory of 256KB. the SETUP /Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification
with 2MB of memory, specify of the following as expanded memory: 0KB 256KB 512KB 768KB 1024KB Cl 1280KB. the The SETUP optional to who If to this section. Once through SETUP, every or the RESET If correctly, To the to the option. Next to Not (If already Press or to the following: New the SETUP
type the to You type to characters the or or lowercase. the following: You the backspace to type the to remember the or write and If to the the If however, there to the function. C information. C o o If to the highlight the option and or to New Then as To the or to to (as the of this chapter) when the SETUP the SETUP
the interfaces This option the following built-in interfaces Cl LPT2, LPT3) or COM2) (HDC) (FDC). the The built-in to as the If option that interface, to LPT2 or LPT3 the built-in Follow these Cl to the card(s) to the to (LITI, LPI2, or LPT3). If using only the built-in to the built-in the If that to as the or that to the LPTE. IBM interface the the the and to LPT2 the built-in If and them to and secondary, LPT3. If three and to the built-in the SETUP
the Interface The built-in to as the If option that that becomes secondary (COM2). the the to COM2 the built-in If (or cards) that and them to as the and secondary the built-in to the to whether the to or secondary. the If the that with the (HDC) and (PDC) should to option that or to the built-in selections SETUP, to You the following Press to to the to Press and to the the CMOS RAM. Press and to SETUP without the SETUP SETUP (Y/N)?
If the SETUP and the through its tests. If something and to SETUP. Follow the instructions the to SETUP to (You to the If SETUP the first the thing to MS-DOS MS-DOS instructions. (If operating follow the instructions with the SETUP
Chapter Computer This chapter the following MS-DOS or another operating Cl the Cl or the and MS-DOS or Another the of and the SETUP the operating If MS-DOS, follow the instructions MS-DOS If another operating such as MS OS/2 or UNIX, the that with that instructions and The this that MS-DOS with to of operating Computer
the when MS-DOS or The the below.
The and as the once to function and to off. the function the light the right of the Command of You to or while to or operation. If MS-DOS that to of the following commands: the Ctrl and C the Ctrl and
These If to the as below. It to off the to or command. If created and the off the The its memory (RAM) the each off or the the Occasionally, to clear the computers or its memory without turning off. You this the and the to to MS-DOS and memory that necessary. To the MS-DOS the or A; the A.
There to the If MS-DOS, Ctrl and and the The and then the should MS-DOS. If try the Press the RESET the front This when the to If the the to off and from the Turn off the and seconds. If the A. Then turn the If when the SETUP every turn the or the RESET Follow these to If A. Turn the or RESET. the its memory the the following the The the characters type. Then type the correctly and the Press to SETUP If the MS-DOS and displays the MS-DOS
If the the first and If to or the SETUP Chapter instructions. and The allow to and then and This section and to: of and and of coated with This that slightly (51/4inch or (31/2inch and It sealed protective to of and the that and capacity. and Format
tracks, and sectors. Double-sided both On each tracks, which further sectors, which to The below representation of and sectors. Double-sided, or each and high-density each or sectors track. consists of or top of another and four or than the of tracks the capacity of the The of sectors the type of
the read/write heads to and To write to the the to the that the where the to written the read/write head. where the read/write head magnetically, and as record, and of The following the four of and which to with them: 1.44MB 1/2-inch, high-density, TPI inch), 1.44MB These sectors track, and to 1.44MB of information, which approximately of 1.2MB 1/4-inch, high-density, TPI, 1.2MB These sectors track, and to 1.2MB of information, which approximately of 720KB 31/2-inch, TPI, 720KB These sectors track, and to 720KB of information, which of
360KB 1/4-inch, TPI, 360KB (You 160KB or 180KB These and or sectors track. With sectors track, to 320KB. With sectors track, to 360KB of information, which approximately of You this section. and If than type of or of to of the and of the type and 31/2-inch 51/4inch or There that the as the The following the and 1/4-inch If write to this .2MB to or write to 360KB 1/2-inch
of these the type and when (Usually this information appears the If of the MB, 1.2MB, 720KB, or 360KB), from to another-using COPY or as the type each You these commands to and type of the MS-DOS DISKCOPY to from to another the the type. about copying and MS-DOS Caring and Follow these basic to and If that to write or write- This operating and protecting below, from the or or turn off the while the light This light that the copying to or from If this process, off the from and of or scratch the and the read/write heads or to
Dont the or or heat. from such as telephones, and that information magnetically.) top of or near 51/4-inch its protective and the the read/write The top of and they and the type and the the top of to the top of another; this to and the the to the If to write that already the or their protective and location, such as or them top of each other.
Write-protecting You write-protect to its from write-protected, and from or If to write-protected MS-DOS displays To write-protect 51/4-inch cover the notch (shown below) with write- usually included of 51/4-inch To the write protection, off the write-protect
On 3M-inch the write-protect switch the back of the the right shown below. To write-protect 3M-inch the switch the of the clicks the To the write protection, the switch the of the clicks and the covered. notch or switch they permanently write-protected. This protects them from or -write-protect switch
MS-DOS the to least and displays and accordingly. Usually, MS-DOS the first (the top as and as B. If MS-DOS it as both and when to operations that normally to from to B, MS-DOS the from the first the (which would A) to the memory. Then MS-DOS to another B) and the from memory to the copying to the (A). often this to remember which which. It to write-protect protecting If and the operating and from the and there, and the copying to or from and to that to the operating as as the operating (the and the operating this to the memory (RAM) to the the Then the and to that memory, instructions.
You MS-DOS from that the operating This bootable MS-DOS information about creating and Removing If 51/4-inch as follows: the with the facing and the read/write leading the as shown below. the the the Then the to This the and the read/write heads the to the to first the light off. Then the and the its protective and location, such as
If 1/2-inch the with the facing and the leading the as shown the following the the it clicks to the the light off; then the release the and properly. or or off the while light You Also, to off the
Formatting the FORMAT command. Formatting the that MS-DOS write You to this once, the the first You previously to This the the to of the MS-DOS instructions the FORMAT command. C o It to of and (or of that such as MS-DOS, Reference, and then the the from Also, regularly, whenever them and them from If to the and regularly. of You MS-DOS instructions using the following commands: You the COPY or XCOPY to or of You the DISKCOPY to of You the BACKUP to back to BACKUP or of than COPY or XCOPY.
to using the 40MB as as thirty-three 1.2MB and 100MB as as eighty-two 1.2MB operations Cl You and the the of to The capacity easy to back and forth and easy to and to trying to of MS-DOS related together and they easy to and MS-DOS instructions and and the MS-DOS to the While the it to back to of and copying the to the the to them to whenever them to
Follow these to from and to the If to to location, to the HDSIT Reference the the HDSIT (or the read/write heads to the that and them securely This protects the from the their heads when off the If this, or that to HDSIT. Follow these to HDSIT: the Reference A. Then type and to that the following and off or the when the light This light that the copying to or from the If this to the The sealed to from to the HDSIT to the as below. HDSIT
You the that the read/write heads the or the off and The the heads and the and off the You ready to to the location. to the following from the Reference to Then, when to HDSIT, the directory where the type DS IT, and MS-DOS instructions using the COPY command. If 51/4-inch and the to the to to the read/write heads. Computer HDSIT.COM HDSIT.VER
Chapter Enhancing Operations This chapter to the following to the operation of AUTOEXEC.BAT and other batch the AUTOEXEC. BAT and Other Batch to MS-DOS and that there commands to frequently. You the of these commands them batch type the of the batch and MS-DOS the commands the as typed each from the If that as text-only ASCII to batch You the MS-DOS COPY or EDLIN command, or text to the One batch that AUTOEXEC.BAT. Every MS-DOS the AUTOEXEC.BAT and each of the commands. expanded memory 640KB the VGA Enhancing Operations
MS-DOS, AUTOEXEC.BAT To the or with the COPY or EDLIN command, or that as text-only to the AUTOEXEC.BAT and the directory of the or from which MS-DOS. MS-DOS information about creating and using batch the high and High On high, the memory than to high the SETUP the to or the to automatically. operating high the operating high the TURBO light the front and off when TURBO light the front and off when operating operating You should high everything and the software to this the copy-protected the to while the These to disk-the that the protection-in the If copy-protected to to to when the and to high when finished. Enhancing Operations
There of copy-protected the type or to the to Follow these There three to the the SETUP the ESPEED If that the to or the when SETUP to the Chapter instructions. If these occasionally, should the commands or the ESPEED below) to the If copy-protected that or that to the high If this to the to automatically. If cant the high, the to automatically. If copy-protected that to it the to while the Once the to high, where should to while and the If this and the and then to high to the to automatically. Operations
Commands You the of the commands shown the following commands To these commands, the Ctrl and the and then the or the or the or the or the You the commands while the of the commands another function, to the that the Ctrl to the Ctrl to the to Another to the ESPEED below. The the RESET or turn off the or the SETUP another command, or the ESPEED Operations
the ESPEED ESPEED easy to the the Cttl commands or to include the batch The ESPEED with the Reference If Reference and the command to the If the ESPEED.COM from Reference and the from there. information to the ESPEED type the following the MS-DOS and You this The the switches should to the to high or to type the following and To the back to high, this command: ESPEED Format: ESPEED CPU to High to ESPEED ESPEED Enhancing Operations
To the CPU type ES EED and You the following: To the when this the or then to The using the ESPEED command, or the SETUP or the RESET or off the the ESPEED You to the ESPEED including the batch SLOWDOWN which include the following commands batch to the SLOWDOWN ESPEED SLOWDOWN You the batch SLOW.BAT. Whenever to the SLOWDOWN the A. Then type SLOW and The the to and the SLOWDOWN MS-DOS instructions creating and using batch Enhancing Operations
Expanded Memory 640KB The PLUS with 2MB of memory. MS-DOS and that MS-DOS the first 640KB of memory. You memory 1MB as memory to 16MB) or expanded memory to 24MB). RAM 128KB of the RAM 640KB and 1MB (384KB). If the RAM 256KB of this memory as or memory. If RAM, of the 384KB of RAM as memory 256KB of as memory (to allow the expanded memory Expanded memory (such as that the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification (LIM EMS). To of expanded memory, to memory to the memory to expanded memory. If another memory the Reference EMM386SX.SYS. Follow the below. Microsoft with its memory EMM386SX.SYS (or the EMS SETUP option) information. the SETUP to the amount of memory to as expanded memory. EMS Chapter instructions. Copy the EMM386SX.SYS from Reference to the directory of (or the Operations
to the CONFIG.SYS to include the memory as as the section. The CONFIG.SYS MS-DOS to the o C If that as text-only ASCII to the memory to the CONFIG.SYS Follow these the CONFIG.SYS and the following information optional EMM386SX.SYS below. Enhancing Operations DEVICE-EMM386SX.SYS You the FMM386SX.SYS to directory other than the directory as as that directory PATH AUTOEXEC.BAT or include the the DEVICE= EMM386SX.SYS the directory \DRV C, include the this: DEVICE-C:\DRV\EMM386SX.SYS If to of expanded memory to with the MS-DOS VDISK to the EMM386SX.SYS the VDISK CONFIG.SYS MS-DOS information about VDISK.
the as ASCII text the If of ASCII text CONFIG.SYS the MS-DOS EDLIN or COPY CON command, or text MS-DOS instructions. EMM386SXSYS options You include optional the DEVICE= to the the memory The below the EMM386SX.SYS EMM386SXSYS The whether EMM386SX.SYS to expanded memory each the It the include the Operations
The 64KB EMM386SX.SYS. The from to to of the following to specity of the following to CONFIG.SYS If EGA or VGA the following The the of (or ID to EMM386SX.SYS. The the of to The The memory to from The first the of the and the the Enhancing Operations DEVICE-EMM386SX.SYS /M4 /M2 -M2
EMM386SX.SYS from that ROM and RAM. If option such as that the memory C000 through E000, include the the DEVICE= to this memory from memory information about memory, Memory A. the VGA built-in VGA graphics both VGA and with The VGA operates VGA without that VGA features, to or of the the that with You to the VGA to VGA such as these: to graphics with text Graphics the built-in VGA Operations
You the VGA the to of other of VGA to of the VGA such as the following: VGAMODE text text-based such as WordStar SETVGA the built-in VGA to the of other such as SNOOZE off VGA when specified of The VGA and the VGA that with Operations WordPerfect. and CGA and
Chapter Accessing To internal to the cover and possibly the subassembly that the and the supply. Follow the instructions this chapter when to these the cover the subassembly the subassembly the cover. to the and or the If reservations about these yourself, You to to or Accessing
the To internal to the cover. Follow these Turn off the and then peripheral (including the and the from the outlet and from the back Then that connected to the including the If the top of the off and to Turn the around facing the back The cover screw the back as shown below. Turn the screw counterclockwise to the cover. Accessing screw
The cover the back of the the Press both and then the cover from the back You might from the g-rounding the of the cover. the from the front of the to completely Then Accessing
of the the of the back as shown below, to ground and shock. WARNING to ground to the back of the every the cover. If properly grounded, shock when Accessing
the Subassembly You to the subassembly to or or to the SIMM or math board. The subassembly the casing that the and the supply, as shown below. subassembly Accessing
Follow these to the subassembly: the front from the slightly the three the top of the and Then If the connected to the the of the subassembly, as shown below. Accessing
The connected to the the the To the subassembly from the front of the thumbs the and the top of the with the of as shown the following (If the thumbs that instead.) the and straight to from the the Accessing
the front of the subassembly, as shown below. back the subassembly and the supply connected to the right of the board, as shown below. each straight the Accessing
the subassembly of the and the Subassembly Follow the below to the subassembly Notice that there four mounting the back of the subassembly: the and the corners. Accessing
There four the back of the which the the subassembly the subassembly from and the back the the top the subassembly the top the Accessing
the front of the subassembly and the they the subassembly and its Then the supply P4 and P5. Each and as shown below. There supply the right of the board the back) that both of the supply as shown below. Accessing
supply P4 the the the right of the with the the back of the the the with the the and then the supply PS to the the using the Accessing If correctly the with the the when the
the front of the subassembly the that four the back of the the the subassembly as Accessing
the the front of the subassembly the the front of the the the and the with the the front of the If necessary, the the subassembly the and (The slightly than the the back of each to know which which. Accessing
Both the and located the the of the subassembly, as shown below. Both notch the first. shown below, there of the Accessing
the with the the the with the notch the the the the the and then the the the To the front the three ridged its the three notches the of the as shown below. the front the the top of the the Then the top of the clicks Accessing If correctly the with the when the
the Follow these to the cover: the back of the the cover that the with three the from as shown below. the three the three notches the back of the front of the Accessing
the back of the cover the and of the cover to tight Turn the screw the back clockwise to the cover to the the to the and other peripheral Then the to the back of the and to Accessing
and You the performance of of options, including the following: Option Memory math option to function. option such as or interface, such as to which to This chapter to option and with them. Memory memory modules&allow to increase the amount of memory This chapter the and amounts of If to memory to to it You however, follow the instructions this chapter to them yourself. It to memory optional memory memory to of option to memory. memory memory than memory and
the when using software. If purchase math to to easily. If to yourself, follow the this chapter. This chapter to the the You to of options or to the operates. If to the clock and CMOS RAM, follow the instructions this chapter. To the battery, or the options the cover. You to the subassembly. Chapter instructions. (You to the subassembly to or option cards.) the that of the The the factory; however, the following the or the built-in VGA Cl or the function the to or or the built-in If to follow the instructions this section. and
the The below shows the locations of the board. where the the It and the A) or and the B), as shown below. To from to the other, or to off its and to the and Removing
to the or surrounding the board. The following the and their board Factory and
If to follow these option that to the instructions. the option Option Card Follow the instructions Chapter to the cover. the Battery with lithium that the and the CMOS RAM. The clock of the and the CMOS RAM the information about that the SETUP This three to years. If when or to the If to the yourself, follow the instructions this section. the the information the CMOS RAM and the the the battery, the SETUP to and the clock and Removing
If necessary, follow the instructions to the cover. Then follow these to the battery: The to the of the the front as shown below. To the from the board, the as shown below. and Removing
The attached to the with the from the of the as shown below. Then the from its and the and the Then to the of the as shown below. and Removing
the to Follow the to the cover. Then the SETUP to and the the clock. Chapter instructions. and
Option Card four option three and Each option You option from authorized as as other This section to option If to option (to memory or math Removing Option Card instructions. The below shows the four option and Removing
through option and below, the Usually which option as as the fits the follow these when which to with the If the as as to the option the instructions that with the to this the and option option
Follow these to option If option that to the of J4 the the If to the of J3, and J5. instructions. the screw from the top of the option cover; to the screw the the cover. the screw to the option to the the cover the option and
Unpack the option and switches or necessary. the option instructions.) the to of the the board or the If to top of its with the facing the the the the top and the as shown below. the the straight Once the reach the the to You should the If the smoothly, force the and straight as the to that seated the the of the and
the of the to the back of the with the screw. Follow the instructions Chapter to the cover. Then Post-installation the of this chapter. Option Card If to option follow these the screw the to the back of the and straight and of the the option with the cover and with the screw. If option that to the of J4 the board. If to the of J3, and J5. instructions. the cover. Chapter instructions. Then Post-installation the of this chapter. and
Memory with 2MB of memory directly the board. memory increase the memory to 24MB. The first 16MB as or expanded; memory 16MB as expanded. You 256KB, or 4MB as this section. It to memory they easily incorrectly. If them following the instructions this section. and this section the following to that they properly: that of or the the The PLUS SIMM that with industry however, should SIMM option to and compatibility. the SIMM to the amount of memory the the Once the or them If to them yourself, follow the instructions this section. and
o o There SIMM the board three consisting of each. The SIMM1 through SIMM6. The following shows the SIMM that below. that 2MB of memory already directly the board. SIMM the PLUS 256KB SIMM 1=1MB SIMM 4MB SIMM If this amount of memory, only 16MB of as memory. memory 16MB as expanded memory. If 24MB of memory the the 2MB of memory board. and
Follow these to the cover and subassembly as Chapter The SIMM located the front of the the math as shown below. and Removing SIMM SIMM2
the the to the right of the board first. each SIMM the notch its the front of the and the of the as shown below. the SIMM and, the the top of the SIMM to the right and Removing
The SIMM should the and the If smoothly, force the and the SIMM the and that the the through the both and each SIMM to the subassembly and as Chapter Then Post-installation instructions with memory. o o o If to memory from or follow the below. If them yourself, the to from the It to there of and the cover and subassembly as Chapter and Removing
The SIMM located the front of the board the math as shown below. math SIMM SIMM2 and
the the to the of the board first. or screwdrivers to the that the SIMM each to the too or they the the SIMM to the the SIMM release the and from the each SIMM to the subassembly and cover as Then Post-installation instructions with memory. and Removing
Math the to 80387SX, math math computers and graphic displays when using software. It to math that easily incorrectly. If yourself, to the that with math Then follow the this section to to of the instructions and or the or To electricity and math stationary when follow these to math the cover and subassembly as Chapter the math from its and and Removing
The math located the front of the the SIMM as shown below. The math hollow and and notch the as shown below. and notch
Gently the the as shown below. The math notch corner, as shown below. notch the notched of the with the notched of its The notched the to properly, its to the and
If the smoothly, force the and straight as It completely when the of the with the of the the the subassembly and cover as Chapter Then Post-installation instructions with math Removing Math If to math from You extracting to the without to without this easily Follow the Chapter to the cover and subassembly. Then the with the and the subassembly and the cover. the the SETUP to without Chapter instructions. and Removing
Post-Installation Memory Cards optional memory to to Follow these Post-installation below, information with option Post-Installation or options such as memory math or to the SETUP to the information. to the know the type of Chapter instructions. If the the clock and CMOS RAM, SETUP to and the clock. Chapter the SETUP to to include the memory memory Chapter instructions. the that with memory to the with memory instructions. If to of the memory as expanded memory, Expanded Memory 640KB Chapter and
If that (such as to the the that with and then, necessary, follow the instructions to If and to MS-DOS or another operating from that to the operating MS-DOS or the that with operating instructions. If optional memory the that with to the with the memory instructions. Additionally, to commands to MS-DOS and the that with optional instructions. You to newly-installed option. options with their and the Reference to the following: memory and and instructions. and
and The instructions this chapter to and optional You these instructions to of including and Although from the the If or of the this chapter apply; the that with information. of the procedures below, follow the Chapter to the and subassembly. or follow the instructions to the subassembly and cover. Then Post-installation Procedures the of Chapter information about or to to If to yourself, follow the instructions this chapter or and
and mounting to to three as shown below. the Correct with already the mounting If 31/2-inch this If first to the mounting If or the and
The the that with This of the following of 51/4-inch 31/2-inch with 51/4-inch mounting You of of the following the 51/4-inch CD-ROM, or other 31/2-inch or other with 51/4inch mounting to This Chapter the below to the instructions should follow first this chapter. or instruction If with this section the Jumpers or and leaving another the Removing From the or or Removing the or other Information each of these sections to to the instructions should follow and
the You to the or The the whether or TW0. You to these only If the below, to the If and leaving another to the the to that the only If the each to which the and which the the which the operating that the its memory each You and both the and the the operating the Follow the instructions below to the both of and Removing
the The located the board, the The slightly location, them the There four the each of the and the other and
The following the the One HSP C/D DSP ACT To from to the other, or to off its and to the other to the or the as If to the C/D and ACT. Then the instructions first If of four included with each three of the the C/D, DSP, and ACT. the fourth the ACT. If both of to the the first. or the instructions. and Removing
If of already the follow the From the to Then the both while they of the If and leaving to the the to that the the Then follow the instructions Removing From the Position the the the Follow the instructions this section to (or the mounting You to the following the mounting from the mounting from the and to the the the and If the mounting should follow of the this section. If that from this the and
Removing the Mounting From the with 51/4-inch mounting attached to each of the as shown below. and Removing
On there Follow these to the mounting (and from the If necessary, the screws the and the grounding to of the mounting as shown below. the four screws the mounting to the There screws each as shown below. and Removing
Removing and Attaching the Mounting Plate If to mounting plate to the This mounting plate currently attached to the right of the subassembly. Follow these to the mounting plate from the screw the mounting to the and Then the mounting to Turn the facing and the the back of the facing to the right. and Removing
the four screws that to the mounting plate to the the If to or of the first follow the instructions or Removing the the vertically mounted or Then the of the mounting the and the four the with the four the as shown below. and Removing mounting plate
Follow these to the the mounting the the right of the subassembly with the mounting plate facing and the and supply facing the back of the subassembly. the that with It with three each and the (If the attached to the other and mounting
The of the of of which with as shown below. The the back of the of of the and Removing
the with the that the the with the with the the with the as shown below. and Removing the the and then the If correctly the with the when
of the that from the supply the The P2, and P3; shown below, the of the notched the through the the right of the subassembly reaches the easily. the with the that the notched the with the notched of the as shown below. supply The supply the back of the to the connected. The notched comers, as shown notched and Removing notched corners notched corners
Notice that there facing of the mounting These the right of the subassembly. and Removing the the and the top of the the subassembly. Then the screw the mounting plate with the the subassembly
the to the with the screw. the subassembly and the cover. Chapter instructions. Removing From the You to the from the the following You the You another or the Follow these the screw the mounting to the subassembly and the slightly to the right and off the subassembly. and Removing
the supply and the from the the back of the as shown below. the straight from the the the the If to the and or the below. If to the to the four screws the mounting plate to the Then and the mounting plate with the screws. the its the subassembly the and then the cover. instructions. and
or the This section to or Although the the these instructions to the If the mounting or the From the the the following that the that (If the Jumpers instructions.) If 31/2-inch to that M-inch mounting to the fits properly the 31/2-inch with mounting already If with follow the instructions the that with the to them. Follow these to If 51/4-inch that the release the If 51/2-inch that the release the right and the light the If that the with the facing and
There or three each of the the the round the with the each of the as shown below. the the and the back of the subassembly. Watch the the of the when the the the of them. If its that the front of the with the the (A fits the the and Removing
the four screws that with screws the each of the and tighten them with screwdriver, as shown below. If the to turn the subassembly and Then the connected to the top and the other free. the the of the to the screws If to If to shown the there this with of the and
The interface that from the back of the both Near of the interface, there to the the the with the that the the with the the interface, as shown below. the fits properly the interface and then the interface. Then to and Removing If correctly the when
the that from the the mounting Follow the instructions below to the the of this to the shown below, there of the One of the with Notice the the back of the of of the and Removing
the with the that the the with the with the the with the as shown below. the the and then the the subassembly, of the supply that from the supply the The P2, and P3; shown below, the of the notched corners. and
The supply the back of the to the The notched comers, as shown below. supply supply the supply that the notched the with the notched of the supply the the and then the If correctly the with the severely when the and notched corners notched corners
If necessary, follow the instructions the to vertically mounted Removing From the Follow these to from the from the back of the as shown below. Then the supply from the back of the and
the screws the to the There screws each the from the front of the completely and If and leaving another the the to that (If the Jumpers instructions.) If necessary, follow the instructions the to mounted and
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU memory ROM RAM Math (optional) Battery 80386SX clock or memory 2MB RAM 256KB, or 4MB to 24MB (the first 16MB or expanded memory; 16MB only memory); SIMM or 128KB (includes BIOS and VGA BIOS) ROM BIOS and ROM RAM through SETUP 80387SX, clock, and CMOS RAM 3.6V lithium battery; Specifications A-1
Interfaces RS-232C, asynchronous; DIN, PS/2 or other DIN, PS/2 Option input/output (three ISA and ISA Specifications A-2 Supports to of four 51/4-inch, high-density, 1.2MB; 51/4-inch, 360KB; 31/2-inch, high-density, 1.44MB; 31/2-inch, board Supports to (IDE) interface board VGA with 256KEI of memory; to or
VAC to VAC and to VAC VDC Amps, WC Amps 51/4-inch 1.2MB (high-density) 31/2-inch factor to height the first mounted vertically, mounted Half-height CD-ROM, or Other other 51/4-inch factor or 31/2-inch with 51/4-inch mounting 140W, fan-cooled, input WC Amps, WC Amps Three half-height mount and mounts) using the following types: 31/2-inch 1.44MB (high-density) 51/4-inch 360KB 31/2-inch 720KB Specifications A-3
Function Physical Characteristics inches Specifications A-4 QWERTY function inches inches without
Memory Specifications A-5
Performing This to the to the of and peripheral The to the following Cl Cl Cl the the You specify of to to continuously or of to the If the and to the Where to the Introduction technical information. Memory and and Performing
the To the follow these the Reference and or the the following the At the operating At the type AG and to You title Press to You the below. The board Memory functionality CPU protected DMA clock CMOS Testing (T)imebound (P)assbound (Y/N) (Y/N) of Prev/Nextwindcu++Prev/NexttestTJ highlighted tests<F6> basic of CPU Performing B-Z Press to SETUP
from the option the top of the of the tests. the the board appears when first the the option selected. The the of the to the The to these to selections and tests: each appears the of the B-3 Performing
the The the following the Each (passbound) The recorded to the or other If to the F2 to to the (Press to and to the of tests.) The first the which to the You this Timebound the the the amount of specify; and then Continuous the them; C and Passbound the the the of specify. This the P, necessary, and to the The option Press Y, necessary, and the to when This the of and then to (Y the B-4 Performing Testing (T)imebound (P)assbound (Y/N)
Press and the to when The option Press and to the that the below, Press and to the (N the You information the to the If selected Continuous testing, the information. Instead, this the If selected Timebound testing, this To the amount of to the type the of hours (from to and Then type the of (from to and You the backspace to (Y/N) Performing B-5
If selected Passbound testing, this of the of (from to the to the without to the of You the backspace to once the of only. this to to Press or to highlight the which the to the and (Press to the and to the If the the from to N. If the the writes the to the connected to the assigned If the the writes the to the connected to the Performing B-6
If youselect the displays this (You Press or to highlight the which to the and The ERROR.LOG the directory of the specified the tests, the ERROR.LOG to the that occurred the tests. The this or specify the the existing ERROR.LOG the of these appear: Record the and Once the ready to the A: B: C: D: C B-7 Performing
Selecting To or to highlight the the Then or to highlight the the and to completed, this Press to to Selecting To highlight each to and F3. To selection, highlight the and F3 To the selected of tests, F6. The highlights each as the You F4 to and F5 to selections. You with other tests. The below the that individually. to individually board clock Force track, B-8 Performing Scan/ASCII Comm.
You testing and to the holding Ctrl and Break The the You to the and tests. If F3 to these the the immediately. If F4, the the the first of the If the than once, the the each If selected Passbound testing, the displays the the right of the the If the o the the testing. selected the F3 and F4 selected the selection. to F5 to selections when finished each of tests. B-9 Performing
the The below of the and to other sections this chapter information, necessary. B-10 Performing
(continued) Performance Force appears Random read/write read/write Scan/ASCII clock Attribute graphics* graphics* selection* Color* Function the the assigned to the the clock the the memory the the the the graphics the graphics the function of the the background and B-11 Performing
Comm. appears only Memory If relocated memory the to their locations the memory or they properly. If memory the displays this Press to memory Press The displays of the and highlights the memory or the to back tests. The following which and which B-12 Performing Function graphics* the graphics graphics* the graphics
Format Force the displays the following Press and to the Press and to the operation. You should of the SCSI The the following Each below. specified to (Y/N)? type Interleave factor track head head Performance B-13 Performing
You this the (C/D) C If the C and this type The the type of based the type the CMOS RAM the SETUP and displays the following type the the types. If to the type, or to highlight the type that matches and If the option (type the the following information: of of heads of sectors Interleave factor The factor affects the performance of You the following using IDE or B-14 Peforming Interleave
the track optional. The the following the track You to the that with the PLUS. Press N, necessary, and then If and then the following or to highlight option and Then the information. the correct, highlight and and the the the when the and The displays the following the and numbers: tracks (Y/N) Clear and Performing B-15
the first and which to the tests. The the and the the than the highest of the 40MB the highest and head The displays the following the and head numbers: head head the first and head which to the tests. The the head and the the head than the highest head of the head the 40MB specify the and the Proceed to the The low-level If with factory- or optional already You to the that received this type of low-level and with its You and the MS-DOS this low-level MS-DOS instructions. B-16 Performing
The You to serious with the formatting with other recovery MS-DOS Then back the the If the the the of the to the tracks. This the the the of the to them. The three formatting the the tracks, and the The Performing B-17
Performance This the performance of the and track-to-track based the the count, and the amount of The the second. It reads 64KB of and counts the of this (64KB The track-to-track milliseconds this (The of higher and performance. This the of the the of and heads. The of and reports This the and of the the specified of and heads. The both and and operations and reports B-18 Performing
This the which the the You should this when the Force Tracks this to the without formatting The Force The displays of while testing the the and those the The following appears to the Performance with than 128KB of memory: memory memory 128KB B-19 Performing
The displays of the following when found to ECC sector activity ECC corrected sector found selected If of these the and If or the The following which and which B-20 Performing
Performing the The the of the and its to the that using the MS-DOS FORMAT command and that write-protected. the to the Once the completed successfully, the to of the the following These properly the previously the specially Performing B-21
to that the MS-DOS FORMAT command the Then that when of the other tests. that the the Proceed You the following the (A/B) If necessary, type the and (If already Press and the Proceed to the and to to finished of these the the MS-DOS FORMAT with MS-DOS. The displays of while testing the and those the The the following the Warning This appears the properly and the or its B-22 Performing
You the following to the that such as 360KB or 720KB The displays of these when These of or or to write-protected or These the to of the and This the and the to the If the the the CRC DMA write protected Record found Timeout Comm. B-23
the that the loaded, and or of the following of selected interface I/O C o o this RS-232C, AT-type to the This the to and the back You purchase the from supply stores. the with the following RD and TD shorted DSR and DTR shorted CTS and RTS shorted. This the to Then the and and testing the following length. B-24 Performing
If of the following there with the or the to that the securely connected to the If the Exiting To from the You the following the Reference from A. If MS-DOS the Then the You this The MS-DOS and the C or Break Parity to (Y/N)? while and to Performing B-25
C Troubleshooting You should as and anything of the ordinary to this You repeating software or the trying the this the of instructions. If the or the Where to the Introduction. technical ready to the of its ROM BIOS its (including the type of and option cards), and the and of software You the the back If to follow the below to information about as as ROM BIOS and MS-DOS numbers. If the MS-DOS A. Turn or the RESET to Troubleshooting
the memory the of ROM BIOS appears the of the write the If enough to write the RESET and try Press to SETUP, the the information about shown the SETUP Then SETUP (without the At the MS-DOS type and to the MS-DOS built-in memory (ROM) of which These such as ROM, RAM, the the and the The RAM displays the amount of memory currently If the displays the the and to when reporting If the serious, the further and The the and the If this as as this information and both the and to C-2 Troubleshooting
The Won If when the the following: the light If and off the that the securely to both the AC the back and the or Reference necessary, and the If the light the outlet Turn off and the from the the and to the If or of such as to reconnected the internal and correctly. If the and the If the cant anything the below. Troubleshooting C-3
The Not If and when type the follow these operations than others to the to than to typed character. If reasonable of to the to its The first turn such to its what If the the MS-DOS the RESET and If that the Reference and the RESET If the the below. Could software causing the If Software this The caused this If operating properly, to the If to whatever the and to the MS-DOS the Ctrl and Break (or C). Chapter information or C-4 Troubleshooting
If respond, the Ctrl command or the RESET Computer Chapter information. If the off and least seconds. If the or Reference A. Then the It should MS-DOS. If and to that as to the of the to the built-in VGA If the the You to J3 and J5. the instructions. If the SETUP the the memory Then the displays the If the the If the following: If type the and nothing type and Cl If know the to or instructions. If know the follow the below. Troubleshooting C-5
Accessing If and follow these Turn off the and follow the instructions the Chapter to the function J2 to A. Turn the You the the Press SETUP appears, Highlight SETUP and You the SETUP Follow the instructions Chapter to or Not to to SETUP information when the Turn off the and follow the instructions the Chapter to the function J2 to B. If the A. Turn the If the the to the Chapter C-6 Troubleshooting to ground the back of the touching of the the cover the
to or write and If the to the the If with the the following: If the screen displays when turn or the the securely connected to its Connecting the Chapter instructions. If the properly, the function the arrow the as numbers. to the the right of the the to off the function. If nothing when type the The Not Respond, If with the B. If the If the and immediately. Troubleshooting C-7
the following If there the that the switch and that the light the If the light the the and If the switch the light off the seconds, and the back to the displays If the light the outlet Turn off and from the the outlet and to the outlet If the connected to the properly. Connecting the instructions to to the and match, and, switches or the properly. Connecting Chapter and the that with and instructions. chosen the type the SETUP the Chapter If to the the type of and using the and software. C-8 Troubleshooting
If and to that as to the of the to the built-in VGA the You to J3 and J5. the Chapter instructions. If with the tests, B. If the the where bought the If or the following the 51/4inch to the the Chapter information. You the or it the the from the and with the facing to the latch. Chapter instructions and If that graphics the Troubleshooting C-9
If the the and to another of the type, the the other and the operation. If this the below. to the right type of trying to 1.44MB 720KB of Drives information. If the right type write-protected. On 51/4-inch there write-protect the notch its or there On 31/2-inch the write-protect switch to the write-protect or there switch. You write- protected function properly the write-protected. the information. the MS-DOS instructions formatting You incorrect type when the SETUP SETUP to the Chapter instructions. of the following MS-DOS Abort, Retry? reading LI writing C-10 Troubleshooting
If there something with the MS-DOS or updated the information the incorrectly. This the of these If or with the following If with that about the If the yourself, follow the instructions Chapter of this the instructions and the to it correctly. If of these the properly the On 51/4-inch the closed. the operation If the try the and This the the seated properly the If the the MS-DOS COPY to the from the to MS-DOS instructions.) of includes of other expected Cl CHKDSK to the repairs; MS-DOS instructions. Troubleshooting
the SETUP to the type of as of the computers Chapter instructions.) If with the the tests, B. If the If the or If with the of installation, or The this section three Cl the the Accessing the the section that to cover the to the Accessing the If that (such as formatting the to back reformatting or repartitioning the the of COPY, XCOPY, and BACKUP MS-DOS C-12 Troubleshooting
the If with newly-installed the following: If the that about the If the yourself, follow the instructions Chapter of this the instructions and the to correctly. the to they correctly. If physically the (or initialized) and operating This type of usually the yourself. If the with its that follow the instructions Format. If with its option the built-in and the type through SETUP? Chapter instructions. that this physical type of from the software-based type of formatting commands (such as the MS-DOS SELECT or FORMAT commands. the below, information. Troubleshooting C-13
the (which already physically the following to the SETUP to as of the instructions.) the MS-DOS, and MS-DOS. Stepby-step instructions these procedures MS-DOS If using another operating follow the instructions that with If the correctly, to the the and MS-DOS (or another operating the operating to the to the operating from the when the If the properly and as the the instructions MS-DOS each the correctly If the Accessing the If using and reduction performance, the the become You to back and then compaction to the information. C-14 Troubleshooting
If with back and physically the Then to MS-DOS and back the Format and MS-DOS instructions. If or read/write the physical Software If with try the following If the that following the the and that correctly. If and the directory that or specifying the directory. If the A. high or While properly the speed, the software to this the and the CPU operating necessary. the Chapter instructions and information copy-protected If MS-DOS that to there type to MS-DOS to what These Ctrl and C Ctrl and Break Troubleshooting C-15
the to the If when type the Follow the instructions Chapter If the off seconds, and then back Then If of these software the software technical to follow with If the and information, If that the and properly connected to the (Also, Chapter instructions or the the DIP switch or These properly with the If using than or than the know which the and which the secondary. Chapter instructions to the and the SETUP If properly functioning, from the MS-DOS the displays the MS-DOS command (such as C> or A>), and This should the of the screen C-16 Troubleshooting
(such as properly they to what required. If that the properly. instructions. instructions with the or the Communication these tests. If the Option Card If option and functioning properly, the following: the option correctly? The with option the well-seated its the Chapter and the instructions that with the the DIP switches or the option the instructions. If to the internal of the (or To this, the MS-DOS MODE or SETMODE command. and the MS-DOS Troubleshooting C-17
If with the following: that securely connected to its the back of the Also, connected to the Chapter information. If the connected properly, that J4 board correctly information. the correctly? software and the that with instructions. If the that with troubleshooting information, or C-18 Troubleshooting the necessary the board? Chapter information. the SETUP to the If the option to to the to the to the the back the the software with the option If necessary, software instructions.
Memory If memory to and that memory operating properly, the following: If the memory count displayed the incorrect, or the correctly. The the they the type of SIMM, or they the their to the SETUP or memory to memory Chapter instructions. If with write and Battery The lithium battery. It should from three to years to the batterys exhausted, of the following Purchase and follow the instructions Chapter to (You to If to the yourself. If them, Memory Chapter and the instructions. CMOS CMOS options C-19 Troubleshooting
Math If math to operating properly, the following: the SETUP and to that the math as the SETUP If as Not instal1ed, or the incorrectly. and information. If math as the SETUP to the that with troubleshooting information and procedures C-20 Troubleshooting to the yourself. information about that to
or that the location where information computers memory. that to, or acts transmitted the Application software to such as or spreadsheet ASCII American Information characters, such as numbers, and graphic ASCII character of computers, and ASCII Asynchronous of which character to another that to to AUTOEXEC.BAT The batch that when MS-DOS. Batch fire.
The that the to switch from high to when of or that created the or memory The memory the below 1MB that to MS-DOS and programs-usually 640KB. memory or memory. Batch type of that of MS-DOS commands command. Batch text with the .BAT. type the MS-DOS the commands that sequentially. BIOS ROM Memory) that basic input/output of the operating and the or The of The of the or of charge. To the operating the memory.
or of that character. CGA Graphics type of that to of text with characters each graphics or four- graphics Character that the or the includes numbers, and graphic CMOS Complementary type of of or instructions. Also software or of Command instruction to to function. Command The or that MS-DOS and ready to instructions. The command displays the and directory. If C, the command this: C
The of of typical consists of with and connected to and command when Ctrl and another the that instructs the to function. optional that the to mathematical Copy-protected type of that copied. protected to the the while the to instead of high CPU Processing Unit. The of the that instructions, the track of and input and output operations. The highlighted that shows the
The of that read/write head. The of to the of the of heads. Information such as text or graphics or which (as to or that when the turned or temporarily or the character or to of MS-DOS command. of that of and such as or containing instructions that allow to and o
The and the to its internal and its DIP switch switch. switch option or that function. Directory of of directory shows the location, and of the the directory. directory both and The and The physical that allows the to from and write to which sealed protective of coated with to permanently. board that of the option to the interface. the the displays text and graphics. the PLUS, VGA built the board.) known as
DOS commonly operating that the input and type of that allows to as as the 51/4-inch 360KB of 31/2-inch 720KB of The of colon-for C EGA Enhanced Graphics type of that allows to high-resolution graphics It to of text with characters each or or graphics to Expanded memory Memory that specially written MS-DOS with Expanded Memory (EMS) such as EMM386SX.SYS. Memory Memory 1MB that the protected of the 80386SX and to and operating of to three characters which to to o
of related of information records, or together Text of and of and to and instructions. to characters that MS-DOS to Format To (or to that information. Formatting and sectors and locations Graphics and other nonalphanumeric ID The to amounts of It and than physical of such as or CPU.
with of and High-density type of that allows to than or 51/4-inch high-density 1.2MB of 31/2-inch high-density 1.44MB of input/output interface physical or software to or that option or the board to function. containing copy-protected that the while using the (KB) to memory or One bytes. LIM EMS of the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification-a that allows to memory that MS-DOS
board The built containing the the to Math optional that the to mathematical MCGA Monochrome/Color Graphics type of that or graphics MDA type of that displays such as or (MB) to memory or One 1024KB. to (of clock). second. The PLUS operates or MHZ. Memory The where Memory permanently ROM) or temporarily RAM).
Memory board that memory chips. You 256KB, IMB, or 4MB memory to the board the to the memory. memory commonly SIMM memory Memory The memory option the Graphics type of that text and graphics the of CPU Chip. that allows to and The of that the and displays information. that such as or as to which o
with or buttons. the the the the MS- DOS Microsoft The operating commonly with that input and of The and to the right of the The which the commands. The PLUS or MHZ. of (such as MS-DOS, OS/2 or UNIX) that operations. The operating the and input and Option the to such as
OS/2 The operating Microsoft that and The type of interface that the of Interface and to that MS-DOS what to and information such as what to and where to or to the of that the of the or parity. The operating to sections or You and or The of characters to type the to and Pathname The directory to the the SALES, the subdirectory BUSINESS, \BUSINESS\SALES.
Peripheral (such as or connected to that the its operation. physical input/output to which peripheral that the to its internal and each ID OS/2 to each the background, OS/2 its ID the that instructions and what to and to Prompt the to information or what action to Command
RAM Memory. The of the memory to and while RAM when off or the to To from to another. when text the reads the from the and displays the Read/write head The physical that reads from and records the of clock battery-powered clock the that of the and when the turned off. To operating or using operating information RAM. RGB type of ROM Memory. of memory that and temporary ROM its when off the
directory The directory MS-DOS, (backslash). other of the directory. RS-232C used, type of interface. You RS-232C to the built-in sector section of that which the The procedures to its The type of interface that Interface and RAM The the PLUS that the to the ROM BIOS and ROM the RAM of memory to processing. SIMM Memory Software The that to the and
Subdirectory directory or of that branches from another subdirectory or from the directory. Switch option to MS-DOS that the the Switches usually the /S switch to FORMAT command, MS-DOS the operating the as of the to the functioning correctly. that the operating Tracks resembling the record, which to the areas. UNIX operating that and to UNIX with of computers, from to VGA Graphics type of high-resolution The VGA built the of graphics to VGA
that of the option to interface. with built-in VGA to to this interface. To To the from write-protect the notch 51/4-inch or the write-protect switch 31/2-inch write-protected, change, or its