EPSON
This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following measures: or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or Inc., the authority to the This the from as the interference of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS FOR CANADIAN USERS
EPSON
IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY America or warranties, or implied, or with to this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to COPYRIGHT NOTICE rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of information While every the of this publication, America responsibility or from the of the information this publication and to without TRADEMARKS of Corporation. of Inc. Other and of their respective Copyright Inc. Y727991002 California
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this near this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to operation of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should near or or heat This should built-in This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding-type third This grounding-type This If to the the to the of the grounding-type this where the If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of the outlet III
of this through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that to or other servicing those to service this from the and servicing to service the following A. the or or frayed. B. If the C. If the to or D. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions, of other and often to the to operation. E. If the or the F. If the performance, indicating service.
PLUS Correction Please that the of J6 board, should as follows: *Factory that the D-6 should reversed. To the function, J6 to B. To the function, J6 to A. On through the and of option that the and that the through The option actually and the through Please this as these of Corporation. of America, Inc. Copyright America, Inc.
Introduction The PLUS high-performance which offers and The when operations. includes 1MB of internal memory, built-in VGA graphics built-in and interfaces, IBM PS/2 and four option (three and These interfaces allow to of peripheral directly to the to option cards. You the option to such as or to three internal and or and The PLUS offers RAM to the ROM BIOS and the ROM the RAM of memory. This allows the to information and text and graphics the Optional You easily memory and about optional that with the IBM Computer, PC XT, or PC AT. Introduction
memory to the board, the memory to 5MB. Memory they the to of option to memory to memory memory than memory option You memory however, to memory to 16MB. You to math to mathematical with authorized to which options and Other Software You of MS-DOS to with PLUS. MS-DOS and MENU-that to The HELP information the about MS-DOS command. MENU easy to of these commands. MS-DOS the operating with You practically operating with MS-DOS, OS/2, Unix or XENIX If another operating however, to the that with to and You the IBM PC, PC XT, PC AT, or PLUS.
included VGA that with built-inVGA These text and of types, as as to off when to This This to and and Although the with 51/4-inch instructions included using 31/2-inch This covers basic operating instructions to MS-DOS. MS-DOS instructions and using the operating You to everything this the following chapter Chapter instructions On the back cover foldout the of to these as to the SETUP to this You to the Chapter instructions operating such as and and Chapter to performance. Introduction
Chapter of the options and instructions the cover, the battery, and the technical specifications the to and or C the If with of the to of these. troubleshooting At the of the and Where to Customer and service products of authorized and Customer throughout the United States. America information and to its and Customer Therefore, that the business where purchased to If the people there the to they through toll-free that this with the the Consumer Information the location of or Customer To or purchase or
Chapter PLUS easy. follow the this chapter. to this back cover foldout to the the The this the with 1/4-inch If M-inch instead, and instructions, Chapter when necessary. Location
to choose location that the following: or The should enough to easily the of and of its Select location that allows of comfortably. Soft and attract electricity, which and the Soft to freely the and inches of around the Protect from humidity, and sunlight or other of heat. High operation, cool, To charges, to three-prong, grounded outlets. You outlet the the and outlets and other peripheral Cl interference. from such as telephone, which field.
Removing the Protector Card If 1/4-inch there the This the factory to the read/write heads the To the to the then as shown below. (If 1/4-inch to the from that as the If to the to This the read/write heads the process.
Connecting The to to the the type of If VGA (or with to the built-in VGA the VGA Interface below. If other type of Card below. the VGA Interface Follow these to VGA to the VGA the turned off. top of or the easy access, the and around the of both facing If necessary, the to the permanently attached
the of the and the to match the of the with Then the the (the should easily when properly oriented), as shown below. If the screws, them or with screwdriver, the screw type. To the to the when the screws
the the as shown below. the other of the
Card If to of the option the already the If the to follow the instructions Chapter to option first, the following to and properly matched. or EGA EGA EGA monitors; the to switches or the properly. to switch to or the that with or instructions. (MDA) graphics (MGA) Enhanced graphics (EGA) graphics graphics (CGA) graphics (MGA) Enhanced graphics (EGA);
If J3 the to the built-in VGA interface that as the You to J5 to whether or Chapter instructions Once to this section to to the If with its follow the instructions there. follow the the VGA Interface the instead of the built-in VGA Connecting or Other both and interfaces. or other to of these interfaces, follow the instructions below. offers of information. the Interface The interface and DB-25S To and IBM If which with
Once the follow these the to the with the back of both facing One of the the to match the of the interface with Then the the as shown below. If the screws, them or with screwdriver, the screw type. screws
the other of the to the as shown below. To the the each of the and them the three-prong, grounded
the Interface If or other peripheral with interface, to the (RS-232C) the back of the The DB-9P To follow the as the the with as shown below. You to that the properly. If using the to redirect to the instead of the To this, the MS-DOS MODE or SETMODE or the MENU MS-DOS Reference instructions.
Connecting the Follow these to the the the the housing the the with as shown below. Although the and physically they interchangeably. to the the
You the the the To the of the and each as shown below. Connecting the IBM PS/2 that DIN If purchased with this type of to the built-in If another of that interface to the option to the interface. To to the built-in the oriented properly with the the the with as shown the following
Although the and physically they interchangeably. to the the Once connected to commands to MS-DOS CONFIG.SYS to to MS-DOS Reference and the that with instructions. If to or other connected to option the built-in the of J4. Chapter instructions.
Connecting the Cord Follow these to the cord: the the AC the back as shown below. the other of the three-prong, grounded WARNING To, shock, to the the the
Turning On the ready to the first, the following to or yourself: from the when the the with the off or while light This or least seconds off the Turning the off and the top of or to or of its the of off the the cord, and seconds the cover. the cover to optional or the battery. Follow these to the the AC the back of the and three- grounded Turn around the front and other that Choosing Location, typical
Turn the and other peripheral connected to the To turn the the located the right of the front as shown below. The to the lights seconds, the counts the amount of memory and then This of the each to everything correctly. If necessary, the to the brightness and characters the clear and of intensity. If and to them to the If or to such as to to the first
the completed its the following Press to SETUP If MS-DOS already to the information about the operating MS-DOS or Reference If there operating the Follow the instructions below to turn off the and then to instructions the SETUP o If match the information the CMOS RAM through the SETUP and to the F1 Press F1 to You to the SETUP to the information. Chapter instructions. Turning the ready to turn off the of followed to Turn off the first, then off the and peripheral to Chapter and follow the instructions to the SETUP
Chapter the SETUP the first to the SETUP to This which least once. You to of The SETUP the read-only memory (ROM), the or You to or the SETUP or the following: and of of of using testing function RAM function CPU clock EMS interface the
The through SETUP of memory CMOS RAM. This memory backed battery, when turn off or the Whenever the it the and the information the CMOS RAM and to SETUP. You such as the following: CMOS memory RUN SETUP UTILITY Press to RESUME Press to SETUP and the Starting the SETUP the SETUP there the then (If the already the RESET the front to the its the following Press to SETUP as this the If within seconds, the the operating and to SETUP. If this the and You the following options: operating SETUP the
The first option highlighted. Press to highlight SETUP, and then The SETUP appears The displays the memory the memory and whether math Additionally, the SETUP the Selecting highlights the currently selected. You through the the four arrow reach to or to and the information appears the of the the options or other to to the highlighted The of this chapter to choose the SETUP the and The clock the and when the turned off. Once the and using the SETUP should to to the necessary. (The the years.) The month highlighted and the right of the shows the the month. The Press or to the month, and the
To the the to the and or to the hour and to 24-hour clock. hour You the of seconds. the Drive(s) with You another or the existing with of or capacity. The SETUP offers selections (A and B): 1.2MB 51/4-inch 360KB 51/4-inch 1.44MB 31/2-inch 72OKB 31/2-inch Not the both and them necessary. (If only Not B.) If know the of the
the Drive(s) The SETUP the type of If the first C and the D. to choose the both Follow these If that the 40MB (type to the type to match The following the of this and the with to the type should the necessary to this If of the match type, below. If Not C and D. If Not D. If with 40MB (or this yourself), C. If another type of to the type that matches below. the
the
(continued) type the the that with match of the the type the SETUP Follow these With the the type the to the the listed: or to through the to USER TYPE. Head the of the Head the of read/write heads the the the (the which the the heads when the HDSIT the of sectors the the amount of capacity the the
Press each If the and to the and try You SETUP this based the other the This option the type of VGA or EGA that this option the (the built-in or optional interface the connected to If connected to the built-in VGA VGA or EGA. follow these to the type: If graphics (CGA) or graphics (MGA) attached to RGB Co1or to the switch the MGA to Cl If (MDA) MGA, or MGA attached to choose to the switch the MGA to the
If such as with input, selecting CO 1or If YOU that the SETUP and If of types, the the to The other secondary appears whether currently or secondary If EGA or VGA or another type of that to the J3 the board to the built-in VGA interface. You to J5 to the the type of or If of cards, the to match the that Chapter instructions the Function There options the or Not Select the to the each or Select Not the to the the
the RAM RAM memory) than ROM (read-only memory). The RAM the PLUS to the of its BIOS and/or ROM RAM operations It the RAM memory the first 640KB and 1MB. The SETUP RAM option choose what to the RAM and Select memory or that its RAM which or Select to the RAM function the CPU Clock This option the which operates: High high the TURBO the front the
At high memory OU should high everything that the ones) when You the to automatically. This the to switch to whenever to high other operations. Select High MH or to the switch to when necessary. You to copy-protected the Chapter information. to selecting the operating through SETUP, the temporarily or the ESPEED the Chapter information. EMS This option of memory the to as expanded memory. Expanded memory conforming to the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification (LIM EMS), such as The PLUS with of the LIM EMS. the
If memory the IMB of on-board memory) there memory to as expanded memory. If memory, the amount appears the information to as expanded memory of 12KB. 1MB of memory, of 2MB, specify 512KB or 1024KB to expanded memory. Once the amount of memory through SETUP, memory to the computers memory to expanded. Expanded Memory 1MB Chapter the The SETUP to who This optional and to this section. Once through SETUP, or the RESET If correctly, the to Therefore to remember or write and it To the to the option. Next to or the Not (If already SETUP and the If Not appears, or to the the
type the to You type to characters the or or lowercase. the following as OU the backspace to type the or If to the the backspace to and then type the and To the or to Not to the or write and it If to the the If however, there to the function. information. the
the Interfaces This option the following built-in interfaces (LPT1 LPT2, LPT3) or COM2) Cl (HDC) Cl (FDC). the following to the correct. the Interface The built-in to as the If option that interface to LPT2 or LPT3 the built-in Follow these If using the built-in LP to the built-in the LI If that to as the or that to the LPT2 IBM interface the the the and to LPT2 the built-in If and them to the and secondary LPT3. the
If three and to the built-in to the card(s) to the to LPT2, or LPT3). the Interface The built-in to as the If option that interface, that becomes secondary (COM2). the secondary to as the primary, to COM2 the built-in If (or cards) that and them to as the and secondary to the built-in to (s) the card(s) to whether the to or secondary. the If using the that with the (HDC) and (FDC) should to option that or to the built-in the
selections SETUP, SC to You the following Press SC to to the to Press and to the the CMOS RAM. Press and to SETUP without If the SETUP and the through its tests. Then the to to SETUP. If something however, and to SETUP. Follow the instructions the to SETUP to (You to the If SETUP the first the thing to MS-DOS MS-DOS instructions. (If operating follow the installation instructions with the SETUP (Y/N)?
This chapter the following procedures MS-DOS or Another the of and the SETUP the operating If MS-DOS, follow the instructions MS-DOS If another operating such as MS OS/2 or the that with that instructions and using The this that MS-DOS with to of operating MS-DOS or another operating the or the and
the functions when MS-DOS or The shown below, and the the the to the right and to the Ctrl function the from lower- to back to lowercase when The the top of the and the the of the affected. characters or the top the when with the character lowercase characters when the function Works with other to such as operations MS-DOS and
functions Backspace the back the character to the of the of input or command. (Ins) the function and off. the character the location. Home, UP ESC SYS Break The and as the once to function and to off. the function the light the right of the Works with other to character or the function of the from to positioning the back when the or operation. within Prints the the function with the operation. Terminates the operation (when with
Command or OU to or while to or operation. If MS-DOS that to of the following commands: the Ctrl and C. the Ctrl and These If to the as below. It to off the to or command. If created and the turn off the The its memory (RAM) the each off or the the Occasionally, to clear the or its memory without turning off. You this the and the to to MS-DOS and memory that only necessary.
the as to classify and when them the If the without properly exiting To the MS-DOS the or A; the A. There to the If using MSDOS, Ctrl and and the The and then the should MS-DOS. If the Press the RESET- the front This when the to If the the to off and from the Turn off the and seconds. If the A. Then the
If when the SETUP every the or the RESET Follow these to If A. Turn the or RESET. its memory the the following the The the characters type. Then type the correctly and the Press to SETUP prompt.Ifyou the MS-DOS and displays the MS-DOS If the the first and If to or the SETUP and or al1ed. Chapter the option to Not instructions.
and The allow to and then and This section and to: of and LI and and Format How of coated with This that slightly 1/4-inch or 1/2-inch and It sealed protective to free of and the that and capacity. tracks, and sectors. Double-sided both On each tracks, which
further sectors, which to The below of and sectors. Double-sided, or each and double-sided, high-density tracks each or sectors track. consists of or top of another and four or than the of the of the The of sectors the type of
the read/write heads to and To write to the the to the that the where the to written the read/write head. where the read/write head magnetically, and as record, and of The following the four of and which to with them: 1.2MB 1/4-inch, double-sided, high-density, TPI inch), 1.2MB These sectors track, and to 1.2MB of information, which approximately of 1.44MB M-inch, high-density, TPI, 144MB These sectors track, and to 1.44MB of information, which approximately of MB which 1024KB (or bytes). KB which bytes. Each character, such as A, or
Cl 360KB 1/4-inch, TPI, 360KB (You 160KB or 180KB These and or sectors track. With sectors track, to 320KB. With sectors track, to 360KB of information, which of 720KB l/2-inch, TPI, 720KB These sectors track, and to 720KB of information, which of You Formatting this section. and If than type of or of to of the and of the type and 31/2-inch 51/4-inch or There that the as the The following the and 1/4-inch If write to this 1.2MB to or write to 360KB
31/2-inch of these the type and when (Usually this information appears the If of the MB, 1.2MB, 720KB, or 360KB), from to another-using COPY or as the type each You these commands to and type of the MS-DOS DISKCOPY to from to another the the type. about copying and MS-DOS Reference and Follow these basic to and If that to write or write-protect This operating and Write-protecting below, from the or or off the while the light This light that the copying to or from If this process, off the
from and of or scratch the and the read/write heads or try to They and humidity. Dont the or or heat. from such as telephones, and that information magnetically.) top of or 51/4-inch its protective and the the read/write The anything top of and they and the type and the the top of to the top of another; too to and the the to the If to write that already the or their protective and location, such as or them top of each other.
Write-protecting You write-protect to its from write-protected, and from or If to write- protected MS-DOS displays To write-protect 51/4-inch cover the notch (shown below) with write-protect included of 1/4-inch To the write protection, off the write-protect
On ?&inch the write-protect switch the back of the the right shown below. To write-protect 31/2-inch the switch the of the clicks the To the write protection, the switch the of the clicks and the covered. notch or switch they permanently write-protected. This protects them from or write-protect switch
MS-DOS the to least and displays and accordingly. Usually, MS-DOS the first (the top as and as B. If only MS-DOS as both and when to operations that normally to from to B, MS-DOS the from the first the (which would A) to the memory. Then MS-DOS to another B) and the from memory to the copying to the (A). often this to which which. It to write- Write-protecting If and the operating and from the and there, and the copying to or from only and to that to the operating as as the operating (the and the operating this to the memory (RAM) to the the Then the and to that memory, instructions.
You MS-DOS from that the operating MS-DOS Reference information about creating and If 1/4-inch as follows: the with the facing and the read/write leading the as shown below. the the the Then the to This the and the read/write heads the to the to first the light off. Then the and the its protective and location, such as
If 1/2-inch the with the facing and the leading the as shown the following the the clicks to the the light off; then the release the and properly. or or off the while light You Also, to off the
the FORMAT command. Formatting the that MS-DOS write You to this once, the the first You previously to This the the to of the MS-DOS Reference instructions the FORMAT command. It to of and (or of that such as MS-DOS and the Reference that with Then the the from Also, regularly, whenever them (to them and them from If to the and regularly. of You You the COPY or XCOPY to or of You the DISKCOPY to of
You the BACKUP to back to BACKUP or of than COPY or XCOPY. It allows to back that than the capacity of MS-DOS Reference instructions these commands. to the 40MB as as approximately thirty-three 1.2MB and 100MB as as eighty-two 1.2MB operations You and the the of to The easy to back and forth and easy to and to trying to of MS-DOS related together and they easy to and MS-DOS Reference instructions and and the MS-DOS to
the While the to back to of and copying the to the the to them to whenever them to Follow these to from and to off or the when the light This light that the copying to or from the If this process, LJ to the The sealed to from to the HDSIT to the as below. the If to to location, should the HDSIT Reference the the The HDSIT the read/write heads to the that and them securely This protects the from the
Follow these to HDSIT: and the MS-DOS command appears the the Reference A. Then type and to that the following and You the that the read/write heads the or the off and The the heads and the and off the You ready to to the location. to the following from the Reference to Then, when to HDSIT, the directory where the type HDSIT, and MS-DOS instructions using the COPY command. If 1/4-inch and the to the to to the read/write heads. HDSIT HDSIT.COM HDSIT.VER
Chapter Operations This chapter to the following to the of AUTOEXEC.BAT and other batch the expanded memory 1MB the VGA AUTOEXEC.BAT and Other Batch to using MS-DOS and that there commands to frequently. You the of these commands them batch type the of the batch and MS-DOS the commands the as typed each command from the If that as text-only ASCII to batch You the MS-DOS COPY or EDLIN to the One batch that AUTOEXEC.BAT. Every MS-DOS the AUTOEXEC.BAT and each of the commands. Operations
MS-DOS, AUTOEXEC.BAT To the or another the COPY or EDLIN command, or that as text-only However, to the AUTOEXEC.BAT and the directory of the or from which MS-DOS. MS-DOS Reference information about creating and batch the high and High On high, the memory than to high the to or the to automatically. You should high everything and only the software to this the Enhancing Operations
copy-protected the to while the These usually to disk-the that the protection-in the If copy-protected to to to when the and to high when finished. There of copyprotected the type or to the to Follow these If using copy-protected that or that to the high If this to the to automatically. If cant the high, the to automatically. If copy-protected that to the the to while the Once the to high, where should to while and the There three to the Cl the SETUP Ci command Cl the ESPEED If this try the and then to high to the to automatically. Operations
If that the to or the when SETUP to the Chapter instructions. If these occasionally, should the commands or the ESPEED below) to the You the of the following commands the MS-DOS Ctrl the to high Ctrl the to the and characters, the the The commands the the You the commands while that of the commands another function, that to the that the Ctrl command to the Ctrl to the to the these commands the MS-DOS to the Another to the ESPEED below. Enhancing Operations
To these commands, the Ctrl and the and the or the The the RESET or turn off the or the SETUP another command, or the ESPEED below. the ESPEED The ESPEED easy to the the Ctrl commands or to include the The ESPEED with the Reference If Reference and the command to the If the ESPEED.COM from Reference and the from there. To the ESPEED type the following the MS-DOS and You the following ESPEED ESPEED [H Format: CPU to High to Enhancing Operations
The the switches should to the to high or At the MS-DOS type the ESPEED and include the switch, such as the following: ESPEED This the to To the CPU type ESPEED and You the following: The the RESET or turn off the or using the SETUP command, or the ESPEED the ESPEED batch You to the ESPEED including the command batch SAMPLE which speed, include the following commands batch to the SAMPLE ESPEED SAMPLE You the SAMP.BAT. Whenever to the SAMPLE the A. Then type SAMP and The the to and the SAMPLE MS-DOS Reference instructions creating and batch Operations
Expanded Memory 1MB The PLUS with 1MB of memory. MS-DOS and that MS-DOS the first 640KB of memory. If memory 1MB) as memory or expanded memory, as below. Expanded memory (such as that the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory (LIM EMS). To of expanded memory, to memory to the memory to expanded memory. Follow these the SETUP to the amount of memory to as expanded memory. EMS instructions. Copy the EMM286.SYS from Reference to the directory of (or the from which MS-DOS). You the EMM286.SYS another directory as as include the the DEVICE the CONFIG.SYS the instructions below. to the CONFIGSYS to include the memory as as below. Enhancing Operations
the CONFIG.SYS If that as text-only ASCII to the memory to the CONFIG.SYS Follow these the CONFIG.SYS and the following information optional EMM286.SYS below. If the EMM286.SYS directory other than the directory and that directory PATH AUTOEXEC.BAT to include the EMM286.SYS the DEVICE= command EMM286.SYS directory \DRV C, include the this: If to of expanded memory to with the MS-DOS VDISK to the DEVICE=EMM286.SYS command the VDISK CONFIG.SYS MS-DOS Reference information about VDISK. the as ASCII text the Operations DEVICE=EMM286.SYS DEVICE=C:\DRV\EMM286.SYS
If of ASCII text CONFIG.SYS the MS-DOS EDLIN or COPY CON command. MS-DOS Reference instructions. EMM286.SYS options You include optional the DEVICE= to the the memory with The below the EMM286.SYS options. Each option following the The option 64KB EMM286.SYS. The from to to of the following Operations
to specify EMM286.SYS, the following to CONFIG.SYS DEVICE=EMM286.SYS /M4 If EGA or VGA the following The option the of ID to EMM286.SYS. The the of to The The option whether EMM286.SYS to expanded memory each the It the include the the DEVICE= command the VGA built-in VGA graphics both VGA and with non-interlaced The VGA operates VGA without to the VGA (which with the Reference to of VGA Enhancing Operations
The Reference the following VGA VGAMODE text text-based such as WordStars and WordPerfect? SET-VGA the built-in VGA to the operation of of graphics SNOOZE off VGA when specified of Copying the If should the VGA from Reference to and the from there. This section to the and include pathname the AUTOEXEC.BAT Once the and AUTOEXEC.BAT, sections below that to each to Follow these to the to If necessary, the directory of If this section and to the sections below about each that to the Reference and each to of the Enhancing Operations
the following and to directory already You the directory something other than UTIL; the directory choose the of the this section. the Reference A. the following and each to to directory: where of the following: copying the the Reference from A. Once the to include to directory the AUTOEXEC.BAT as below. Enhancing Operations MKDIR C:TIL COPY C:TIL VGAMODE.COM SETVGA.COM SNOOZE.COM
AUTOEXEC.BAT VGA include the pathname to the directory AUTOEXEC.BAT Follow these At the MS-DOS the directory, type the following and To the the VGA directory, type the following and Press F6 and then MS-DOS Reference information about pathnames.) VGAMODE VGAMODE text text-based such as WordStar and WordPerfect. The VGAMODE allows to specify the of and displayed the You specify the of and them the VGAMODE The command and or include the COPY AUTOEXEC.BAT+CON AUTOEXEC.BAT PATH C:\pathname\ instance, the directory, type: PATH C:TIL\ VGAMODE [columms] Operations
to and type the following and VGAMODE To VGAMODE, the that VGAMODE the the section below or the The following the of that displayed WordStar, and WordStar or follow these the VGAMODE already SO. WordStar directory. the following and to WordStars The the of WordStar If WordStar without the this WS.EXE. the and Operations WSCHANGE
The then the of where the the to the following and At the From the Mon or Thenchoose At the type and Press each to from the the to the the command below and to text the following and to WordStar: WordStar, to to type the following and WS132.EXE Y. The the the WS132.EXE and the displays the MS-DOS VGAMODE WS132 VGAMODE Operations
WordPerfect, and WordPerfect or follow these the VGAMODE already. the following and to VGAMODE and text the WordPerfect directory the following and At the Specify Screen to the of field. the WordPerfect or with to specify text to the the following and WP and to WordPerfect. To the of the the the WordPerfect instructions.) WordPerfect, to to type the following and VGAMODE Enhancing Operations VGAMODE WP VGAMODE
WordPerfect, Follow these to WordPerfect text the following and WordPerfect. If WordPerfect and the type the following and to the SETVGA SETVGA built-in VGA This allows to that written other when these VGA software to the SETVGA To VGA interface include the of the the SETVGA The VGAMODE WP /SS=25,132 SETVGA Enhancing Operations
of the following type the following and SETVGA EGAC SNOOZE The SNOOZE to specified of inactive. This from the The then of the To the type SNOOZE and You information about the SNOOZE command and that the SNOOZE to The of inactivity the You own from to the SNOOZE to SNOOZE of type the following and SNOOZE To SNOOZE, type SNOOZE and Operations
Chapter and You the performance of of options, including the following: Option Memory option board to function. option such as or interface, such as to which This chapter to option and with Memory memory modules)-allow to increase the amount of memory This chapter the and amounts of If to memory to to You however, follow the instructions this chapter to them yourself. It to memory to optional memory memory to of option to memory. memory memory than memory and
math the when using software. If purchase math to to easily. If to yourself, follow the this chapter. This chapter to the the You to of options or to the operates. If to the clock and CMOS RAM, follow the instructions this chapter. the battery, or of the options to the cover from the You to the subassembly. to the this chapter or the Removing the To options, the battery, or to the cover from Follow these Turn off the and then peripheral (including the and the from the outlet and from the back Then that connected to the including the If the top of the off and to and
Turn the around facing the back shown below, the cover screw the back Turn the screw counterclockwise to the cover. The cover the back of the the comers. Press both and then the cover from the back You might from the grounding the of the cover. and Removing
the cover from the front of the to completely Then of the the of the back as shown below, to ground and shock. WARNING to ground to the back of the every the cover. If properly grounded, shock when and
the If or to the operates, to the that of the The the factory; however, the following functions the Cl the to or CI or the function the to or CI or the built-in or the built-in VGA If to follow the instructions this section. and
the The below shows the locations of the to the subassembly to of the this section). where the the It and the A) or and the B), as shown below. To from to the other, or to off its and to the to the and Removing
to the or surrounding the board. The following the and their board Factory and
If to follow these option that to the instructions. If to the of J5 or J6, the subassembly. the the subassembly, necessary. option Option Card Follow the instructions to the cover. the Battery with lithium that the clock and the CMOS RAM. The clock of the and the CMOS RAM the information about that the SETUP This three to years. If when or to the If to the yourself, follow the instructions this section. and Removing
the the information the CMOS RAM and the the clock. the battery, the SETUP to and the clock. If necessary, follow the instructions to the cover. Then follow these to the battery: Turn the that the front facing The attached to the of the the front as shown below. and
To the from the board, the CN as shown below. The attached to the with the from the of the as shown below. Then the and Removing CN1
the from its and that the facing and the facing Then to the of the as shown below. the to CN-1 the board. and
Follow the to the cover. Then the SETUP to and the the clock. instructions. Option Card four option three and Each option You option from authorized as as other This section to option to option to memory or If Option Card instructions. or option the of this chapter information about and
The below shows the four option option and through cards. below, the option option and Removing
Usually which option as as the fits the. follow these when which to with the Cl If the as as to the option the instructions that with the to this the Follow these to option If already the cover from the instructions.) WARNING the cover, the back of the to ground and shock. If option that to the of J4 the board the If to the of J1,13, and J5. instructions. and
the screw from the top of the option cover: to the screw as the the cover. the screw to the option to the the cover the option Unpack the option and switches or necessary. the option instructions.) the to of the the or the If to top of its with the facing the the and Removing
the the top and the top of the as shown below. the and the the supply the the the straight Once the reach the the to You should the If the smoothly, force the and try it straight as the to that seated the the of the and
the of the to the back of the with the screw. Follow the instructions the of this chapter to the cover. Then Post-installation following that section. Removing Option Card If to option follow these the cover from the instructions. the screw the to the back of the and straight and of the Either the with the facing or the preferably with the and its and Removing
Cover the option with the cover and with the screw. option that to the of J4 the board. If to the of J1,J3, and J5. instructions. the cover. instructions. the Subassembly to the SIMM J5 and J6, and the board, to the subassembly that covers them. The subassembly the casing that the and the supply, as shown below. subassembly and Removing
Follow these to the subassembly: the front from the slightly the three the top of the and Then If the to the the of the subassembly, as shown below. front the and straight to from the only the and Removing
The connected to the the the To the subassembly from the front of the thumbs the and the top of the with the of as shown the following (If the thumbs that instead.) and
the front of the subassembly, as shown below. back the subassembly and the supply connected to the back right of the board, as shown below. each of the straight the and Removing
the subassembly of the and Memory with 1MB of memory which directly the board. memory increase the amount of memory to 5MB. (You memory however, to memory to 16MB.) It to memory they easily incorrectly. If them following the instructions this section. and this section the following to that they properly: that or the the the SIMM to the amount of memory the the Once the or them If to them yourself, follow the instructions this section. and Removing
Memory There four SIMM the consisting of each. Each memory You both The U27 and U28 while the U29 and U30. Therefore, SIMM U27 and SIMM U28. The following shows the SIMM the PLUS. other that 1MB of memory already directly the board. SIMM the PLUS SIMM 256KB SIMM 1MB SIMM Once where to the memory follow these to them: the cover. instructions. the subassembly. and
Turn the the front facing The SIMM located the front of the to the math as shown below. The as shown below. and Removing
the SIMM hand the to the right and the To the SIMM the the right of the as shown below. Gently the SIMM and, the the top of the SIMM to the right and
The SIMM should the and the If smoothly, force the and the SIMM the and that the the through the both and each SIMM to the subassembly. instructions. Follow the to the cover. Then "Post-installation (following that section) instructions with memory. Removing Memory If to memory from or follow the below. If them yourself, the to from the It to there of and the cover. instructions. the subassembly. and Removing
Turn the the front facing The SIMM located the front of the board, to the math as shown below. The SIMM as shown below. and Removing
or screwdrivers to the that the SIMM each to the too or they the the SIMM to the and
each SIMM to the subassembly. Follow the to the cover. Then Post-installation (following that section) instructions with memory. Math the to or math the when software. It increases the which graphic when graphics-oriented software. It to that easily incorrectly. If yourself, to the that with math Then follow the this section to to of the and instructions or the or To electricity and stationary when the SIMM release the and from the and Removing
follow these to the cover. instructions. the subassembly. the math from its and If math J2 to A; J2 to B. instructions. Turn the the front facing The located the front of the to the SIMM as shown below. and SIMM
The math There notch of the as shown below. notch There notch of the math notch the notched of the with the notched of its The notched the to properly, the to the and Removing
If the math the permanently and the the board. the the and of the the with the the Then gently the the both as shown below. If the smoothly, force the and straight as the to the the the subassembly. Follow the to the cover. Then Post-installation following that section, instructions with math and Removing
Math If to math from You extracting to the without to without this easily Follow the earlier this chapter to the subassembly. Then the with the and the subassembly and the cover. the the SETUP to without Chapter instructions. the Subassembly Follow the below to the subassembly Notice that there four mounting the back of the subassembly: the corners and the corners. and Removing
There four the back of the which the the subassembly the subassembly from and the back the the top the subassembly the top the as shown the and Removing
the front of the subassembly and the they the subassembly and its Then the supply P4 and P5. Each and as shown below. and
There supply the right of the board the back) that both of the supply as shown below. supply P4 the the the right of the with the the back of the the the with the the Then the the and Removing
supply P5 to the the the If correctly the with the the when the the front of the subassembly the that four the back of the the the subassembly as and Removing
the the front of the subassembly the the front of the the the and the with the the front of the If necessary, the the subassembly the and (The slightly than the the back of each to know which which. and Removing
Both the and located the board the of the subassembly, as shown below. Both notch the first. shown below, there of the and Removing
the with the the the with the notch the the the the the and then the the the To the front the three its the three notches the of the as shown below. the front the the top of the the Then the top of the it clicks Follow the to the cover. Then Post-installation instructions and Removing If correctly the with the severely when the notches
the Follow these to the cover: Facing the back of the the cover that the with three the from as shown below. the three the three notches the back of the front of the and
the back of the cover the and of the cover to tight Turn the screw the back clockwise to the cover to the the to the and other peripheral Then the to the back of the and to Memory Cards optional memory to to Follow these the SETUP to to include the memory memory Chapter instructions. the that with memory to the with memory instructions. If the the CORFIX below, the and
LI If to of the memory as memory, Expanded Memory 1MB Chapter Also Post-installation below, information with option the CORFIX To with the memory to CORFIX, Reference and SMART, the You CORFIX SMART. If CORFIX.EXE from Reference to Then follow these instructions to CORFIX: Turn the MS-DOS command appears the If (or CORFIX to Reference A. A: and to At the MS-DOS type CORFIX and The following appear: A. The the to with the SMART when the SMART only immediately this (Y/N) and
To the Y. To without CORFIX, N. If Y, the MS-DOS and this the SMART instructions. Post-installation or options such as memory math or to the SETUP to the information. to the the type of instructions. If the the clock and CMOS RAM, SETUP to and the clock. Chapter o If memory and to of as expanded memory, Expanded Memory 1MB" Chapter instructions. If that (such as to the the that with and then, necessary, follow the instructions C to and Removing completed. The SMART used.
If and to MS-DOS or another operating from that to the operating MS-DOS or the that with operating instructions. If optional memory the that with to the with the memory instructions. Additionally, to commands MS-DOS Reference and the that with optional ions. You to newly-installed option. options with their own and the Reference to the following: Cl memory and and C instructions. and Removing
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU memory ROM RAM Math (optional) Battery clock or memory 1MB RAM using 256KB or 1MB to 5MB or Memory to 16MB memory option 128KB (includes BIOS and VGA BIOS) ROM BIOS and ROM RAM through SETUP or clock, and CMOS RAM 3.6V lithium battery; Specifications A-1
Interfaces Option A-2 Specifications Supports to of four 1/4-inch, high-density, 1.2MB; 1/4-inch, 360KB; 1/2-inch, high-density, 1.44MB; 1/2-inch, 720KB; board Supports to interface board VGA with 256KB of memory; to or D-shell RS-23 2C, asynchronous; D-shell DIN, PS/2 or other DIN, PS/2 input/output (three ISA and ISA
TYPE fan-cooled VAC to VAC, to VDC Amps, VDC Amps 1/4-inch 1.2MB (high-density) capacity 1/2-inch factor to height the first mounted vertically, mounted VDC Amps, VDC Amps Three half-height mount and mounts) the following types: 1/2-inch 1.44MB (high-density) 1/4-inch 360KB 1/2-inch 720KB capacity Specifications A-3
Physical Characteristics inches inches inches Height without QWERTY function
and Removing This to the following: or Cl or the include to three and or and and mounting to the as shown below. or B-I and mounting
or to to If to yourself, follow the instructions this or the Correct The the that with That of the following types: Cl 51/4-inch 31/2-inch with 51/4-inch mounting You of of the following the 51/4-inch Cl 31/2-inch with 51/4-inch mounting Cl 31/2-inch with of 51/4-inch mounting with already the mounting If this If first to the mounting If or the B-2 and Removing
to This The instructions this to and optional and the PLUS and recommended this from the illustrated this the If or of the this apply to the that with information. Each section of the to the of the this follow the Chapter to the cover. If Removing from the B-24. CI If or and leaving another the follow the the Jumpers B-4 first. If or and there the mounting from the B-24. If or and there the mounting or Removing the B-27. Additional instructions each section which to and B-3
the You to or the or The the whether or You to these If and another to the the to that If first and it the to the the to the If the Drives, below. the If the each to which the and which the the which the operating that the its memory each You and both the and the the operating the Follow the instructions the section to the both of B-4 and Removing
the The located the board, the The slightly location, them the There four the each of the and the other and Removing B-5
The following the the To from to the other, or to off its and to the other to the or the as If to only the should C/D and ACT. If them to these Then the B-7 instructions first If of four included with each three of the the C/D, DSP, and ACT. the fourth the ACT. If both of should the the first. or Removing the B-27 instructions. B-6 and Removing
If of already the follow the From the B-24 to Then the both while they of the The that section which instructions to follow If and to the the to that the the Then follow the instructions From the B-24 the the the Follow the instructions this section to (or the mounting You to the following the mounting from the mounting plate from the and to the the the and If the mounting should follow of the this section. If that from this the B-12. and Removing B-7
the Mounting From the with 1/4-inch mounting attached to each of the as shown below. and B-8
On there Follow these to the mounting (and from the If necessary, the screws the and the grounding plate to of the mounting as shown below. the four screws the mounting to the There screws each as shown below. grounding screws screws and B-9
the four screws them to the mounting to the Then the with the facing Removing and Attaching the Mounting Plate If to mounting to the This mounting plate currently to the of the subassembly, as shown below. Follow these to the mounting from Turn the that the front facing The mounting located the front the right of the subassembly. B-10 and
screwdriver, the screw the mounting plate to the and Then the mounting plate to Turn the facing and the the back of the facing to the right. Removing B-11
Then the of the mounting the and the four the mounting with the four the of the as shown below. the four screws that from the 21/4-inch mounting and them to the mounting to the the Follow these to the the mounting the that the with It with three each and the and B-12
If the containing with instructions the the the instructions. necessary. The of the of of which with as shown below. The the back of the of of the B-13 and Removing
the with the that the the with the with the the with the as shown below. the the and then the the If correctly the with the when the the top of the subassembly with the mounting plate facing and Removing B-14
of the supply that from the supply the the The P2, or P3. You of the three shown below, the of the notched comers. supply The supply the back of the to the connected. The notched as shown the with the that the notched corners the with the notched corners of the notched corners and B-15 supply notched corners notched corners
the the and then the the If correctly the with the when the the and the mounting the mounting facing the subassembly, as shown below. Notice that there facing the of the mounting These the right of the subassembly. and Removing
the the mounting the the shown the the mounting the the of the subassembly. Then the the subassembly and the screw the mounting with the the the to the with the screw. If the instructions to while the subassembly of the the Subassembly B-46. follow the the sect ion. B-17 and Removing
Connecting the Follow these to the subassembly and the to the board: the front from the slightly the three the top of the and Then To the subassembly from the front of the thumbs the and the top of the with the of as shown the following (If the thumbs that instead.) Then the subassembly with thumbs. B-18 and front
of to the subassembly or With other hand, the that beneath the subassembly. the the subassembly the to its the front of the subassembly the as shown below. and Removing B-20
the the board front of the that the There notch of the as shown below. the the front of the subassembly the the front of the that the the and the with the the front of the If necessary, the the subassembly B-21 and notch
the and the the of the There of the as shown below. the the and to the with the the of the with the with the of the with the Then the of the and the the If correctly the B-22 and the with the when
To the front the three ridged its the three notches the of the as shown below. the front the the top the Then the top of the clicks should with the front of the Follow the to the cover. Then Post-installation Chapter instructions with the to the B-23 and notches
From the From the Turn the that the front facing The vertically mounted attached to the right of the subassembly, as shown below. Turn the that the front facing The mounted attached to the right of the subassembly, as shown below. B-24 and vertically mounted vertically mounted
the screw the mounting plate to the and the slightly to the right, from the subassembly, and of the mounting Turn and top of the subassembly with the mounting facing Since the attached to its try to too from the subassembly as B-25 and
Disconnect the from the the back of the as shown below. the straight from the the too the the the from the back of the the as shown If the to or follow the instructions or the the through If to the to the four screws the mounting to the Then and the mounting plate with the screws. B-26 and Removing
the its and Then the supply that with other or mechanisms. Follow the to the cover. Then Post-installation Chapter instructions without to the turn or the This section to or the You these instructions to the (The the If or the If the mounting or From the B-24. If to from the (or already follow the the Subassembly, below. You the subassembly from the and Removing B-27
the Subassembly You the subassembly yourself, it Follow these Turn the that the front facing To the front slightly the three the top of the and as shown below. the from the front of the If to the the front and to If the cover from the front as B-28 and front
the front and the screws the cover the cover, as shown below. The connected to the the the the front cover, and screws The to the the of the subassembly, as shown below. the and straight to from the the and B-29 cover screwdriver to to the subassembly
The subassembly the casing the and the supply, as shown below. To the subassembly, first from the front only. thumbs the and the top of the with the of as shown the (If the thumbs that instead.) B-30 and Removing
the front of the subassembly with thumbs. to as shown below. B-31 and Removing
of to the subassembly or With other hand, reach back the subassembly and the supply connected to the back right of the board, as shown below. each of the straight the the subassembly of the and If follow the instructions the the If removing Removing From the B-43. B-32 and
the the following that the that (If the Jumpers B-4 instructions.) If 3M-inch or to that 51/4-inch mounting to the fits properly the 1/2-inch with mounting already If with follow the instructions the that with to them. The this section the instructions to Follow these to If 51/4-inch that the release the If 31/2-inch turn that the release the right and the light the If that the with the facing and Removing B-33
There or three each of the the the round the with the each of the as shown below. the the and the back of the subassembly. Watch the the of the when the the the of them. If its that the front of the with the the (A fits the the B-34 and
the screws the each of the and them with screwdriver, as shown below. If the to the subassembly and Then the connected to the top and the other free. the the of the to the If to If to shown the there this with of the B-35 and
The interface that from the back of the both Near of the interface, there to the the the with the interface that the the with the the interface, as shown below. the fits properly the interface and then it the interface. If correctly the when If from the mounting to If to instructions the B-36 and
the that from the the mounting Follow the instructions below to the the of this to the that mounted vertically. shown below, there of the One of the with the that from the mounting Notice the the back of the of of the and Removing B-37
the with the that the the with the with the the with the as shown below. the the and then the the If correctly the with the when the If the and This however, the the of the to the mounted (If necessary, the subassembly to to the B-38 and Removing
the subassembly, of the supply that from the supply the The P2, or P3. You of the three shown below, the of the notched comers. The supply the back of the to the The notched as shown below. supply supply You supply to each If the mounting the supply to this first. If the supply to the the notched notched corners corners and B-39
the supply that the notched the with the notched of the the the and then the the If correctly the with the when the If to vertically mounted the Subassembly B-46. If connected the supply to mounted to the supply to the the Then the the Subassembly the instructions the mounted B-40 and Removing notched corners notched corners
the the Subassembly This section to the mounting The following the subassembly the with the front attached. subassembly of the the the below. Follow these the and it the right of the subassembly with the mounting plate facing the subassembly, as shown below. Notice that there facing the of the mounting These the right of the subassembly. and Removing B-41
the the subassembly, the the shown the the mounting the the of the subassembly. Then the the subassembly and the screw the mounting plate with the the the to the with the screw. To the subassembly, the instructions B-46. B-42 and
From the The this section the the instructions to from the or to from the Follow these to from the from the back of the as shown below. the supply from the back of the It located the interface, as shown the and Removing B-43
screwdriver, the screws the to the There screws each as shown below. B-44 and Removing
the from the front of the completely and If and another the the to that only (If the Jumpers B-4 instructions.) If to the mounting the Subassembly B-46. If to the mounting follow the the B- to the while the subassembly of the Follow the that section as the subassembly Then the Subassembly B-46. B-45 and Removing
the Subassembly Follow the below to the subassembly Notice that there four mounting the back of the subassembly: the and the corners. B-46 and Removing
There four the back of the which the the subassembly the subassembly from and the back the the top the the the top the subassembly, as shown the B-47 and
the front of the subassembly and the leading from the back of the they the subassembly its and Removing B-48
the subassembly reach and the supply P4 and PS. Each and as shown below. There supply the right of the board the back) that both of the supply as shown below. and Removing B-49 supply
supply P4 the the the right of the with the the back of the the the with the the the and then the the If correctly the with the the when the supply PS to the the using the and B-50
the front of the subassembly the that four the back of the the the subassembly as B-51 and
the the front of the subassembly the the front of the the the and the with the the front of the If necessary, the the subassembly the and (The slightly than the the back of the to know which which. B-52 and
Both the and located the board the of the subassembly, as shown below. Both notch The than the subassembly and Removing B-53
the first. shown below, there of the the with the that the the with the notch the the the the the and then the If correctly the with the when the B-54 and
the the the and it the and notch Then the as the To the front the three its the three notches the of the as shown below. the front the the top of the the Then the top of the clicks The should with the front (If the cover, to to Follow the to the cover. Then Post-installation Chapter instructions with and Removing B-55 notches
C Performing This to the to the of and peripheral The to the following CI board Memory Cl CI Cl and and the the You specify of to to continuously or specify of to the If the and to the or to authorized Customer If necessary, the Consumer Information the location of authorized or Customer C-1 Performing
Starting the To the follow these the Reference A. and to A. AMIDIAG and to You title Press to You the The The this: Performing C-2
from the option the top of the of the tests. the the board appears when first the the board option selected. The the of the to the The to these to selections and tests: F2 F3 F4 F5 F6 each appears the of the Function to the to the to the to the the the Select Select selections selected previous or selection C-3 Performing
the The the following the Each (passbound) The recorded to the or other If to the F2 to to the Press SC to and to the of tests. The first the which to the You this Testing (T)imebound (P)assbound Timebound the the the amount of specify; and then Continuous the them; C and Passbound the the the of specify. This the P, necessary, and to the The option (Y/N) Press Y, necessary, and the to when This the about and then to (Y the Performing C-4
Press and the to when The option Press and to the that the below, Press and to the (N the If the that the tests. You information the to the If selected testing, the information. Instead, this the If selected Timebound testing, this To specify the amount of to the type the of hours (from to and Then type the of (from to and You the backspace to (Y/N) Continuous should Perfoming C-S
If selected Passbound testing, this of Specify the of (from to the to the without to the of You the backspace to once the of only. this to to Press or to highlight the which the to the and (Press SC to the and to the If the the from to N. If the the writes the to the connected to the assigned LPT1. If the the writes the to the connected to the Performing C-6
If the displays this Press or to highlight the which to the and (You The ERROR.LOG directory of the specified the tests, the ERROR.LOG to the that occurred the The this or specify the the existing ERROR.LOG the of these appear: Record the and Once the to the A: B: C: D: C Performing C-7
Selecting To or to highlight the the Then or to highlight the the and to completed, this Press to to Selecting To highlight each to and F3. To selection, highlight the and F3 You F4 to and F5 to selections. To the selected of F6. The highlights each as the You with other tests. The following the that individually. Performing C-8
You testing and to the holding Ctrl and The the You to the and tests. If F3 to these tests, the the immediately. If F4, the the the first of the If the than once, the the each If selected Passbound testing, the displays the the right of the the If the the the testing. selected the F3 and F4 selected the selection. to F5 to selections when finished each of tests. Performing C-9
the The below of the and to other sections this chapter information, necessary. function such as functionality instructions, and of CPU Memory Memory C-IO Performing protected CPU protected instructions such as LSL, VERR, and LAR clock the DMA memory and of DMA and count to RTC RTC to clock CMOS the CMOS RAM of BIOS ROM BIOS ROM Parity memory memory read/write shorts and that shorts and that shorts the refresh Refresh
Performance Force read/write read/write appears Scan/ASCII clock Attribute graphics* graphics* selection Function the the assigned to the Scan/ASCII the clock the the memory the the the the graphics the graphics the function of the the background and C-11
(continued) appears Memory If relocated memory the to their locations the memory or they properly. If memory the displays this Press to memory Press The displays of the board and highlights the memory or the to back tests. The following which and which Performing
Format Force You should of the SCSI type the displays the following specified to (Y/N)? Press and to the Press and to the operation. The the following type Interleave factor head head Each below. Performance C-23 Performing
The this the (C/D) If only connected to the the C and this type The the type of based the type the CMOS RAM the SETUP and displays the following type the the types. If to the type, or to highlight the type that matches and If the option (type the the following information: of of heads of sectors track Interleave factor The factor affects the performance of You the following Interleave The factor only recommends C- Performing
the optional. The the following the (Y/N) You to track the that with the PLUS. Press N, necessary, and then If and then the following Clear track and or to highlight option and Then the information. the correct, highlight and and the the the tracks when the and The displays the following the and numbers: C-15 Performing
the first and which to the tests. The the and the the than the highest of 40MB the highest and head The displays the following the and head numbers: head head the first and head which to the tests. The the head and the the head than the highest head of the head 40MB the and the Proceed to the Format The low-level If with factory-installed or optional already You to the that this type of low-level and with its own You and the MS-DOS this low-level MS-DOS instructions. C- Performing
The You to serious with the However, formatting with other recovery MS-DOS Reference Then back the the If the the the of the to the tracks. This the the the of the to them. The three formatting the the tracks, and the The C-27
Performance This the performance of the and track-to-track based the the count, and the amount of The the second. It reads 64KB of and counts the of using this (64KB The track-to-track milliseconds this (The of higher and This the of the the specified of and heads. The of followed and reports This the and of the the specified of and heads. The both and and operations and reports C- Performing
This the which the the You should this when the Force Tracks this to the without formatting The Force The displays of while testing the the and those the The following appears to the Performance with than 128KB of memory: memory memory 128KB C-29
The displays of the following when found to ECC sector activity ECC corrected sector found operation selected If of these the and If or the The following which and which Format Random R(ead)/W( R(ead)/W(rite) C-20 Performing
Performing the The Format the of the and its to the that the MS-DOS FORMAT and that write-protected. the to the Once the completed successfully, the to of the the following These properly the previously the Tess specially R(ead)/W(rite) Function the rotates 1.2MB, W-inch should 1.2MB RPM and 360KB RPM. 1.44MB, 31/2-inch should RPM. allowed: the of read/write operation. the of read/write operation. the of the that when or from Performing C-21
finished of these the the MS-DOS FORMAT with MS-DOS. You the following the (A/B) If necessary, type the and (If already Press and the Proceed to the Press and to to that using the MS-DOS FORMAT the Then that when of the other tests. that the the Proceed The displays of while testing the and those the The the following the Warning This appears the properly and the or its C-22 Performing
You the following to the that such as 360KB or 720KB The displays of these when These because of or or to write-protected or These the to of the and This the and the to the If the the the CRC DMA write protected Record found Timeout Comm. Performing C-23
the that the loaded, and or of the following of selected interface I/O this RS232C, AT-type to the This the to and the back You purchase the from supply stores. the with the following RD and TD shorted DSR and DTR shorted CTS and RTS shorted. This the to Then the and and testing the following length. C-24 Performing
If of the following there with the or the to that the securely connected to the If the Exiting To from the SC You the following the Reference from A. If MS-DOS the Then and to the You this The MS-DOS and the C> or A> Break Parity DO YOU to (Y/N)? while Performing C-25
Troubleshooting You should as and of the ordinary to this You repeating software or the trying the this chapter, the of C instructions. If the or C the authorized to the or to Authorized Customer service. If necessary, the Customer Information the location of Authorized Customer or Customer ready to the of and ROM BIOS, its (including the type of and option cards), and the and of software You the the back If to follow the below to information about as as ROM BIOS and MS-DOS numbers. Troubleshooting D-I
If the MS-DOS A. Turn or the RESET You the of BIOS the top of the as the Then the memory The of ROM BIOS appears the of the write the If enough to write the RESET and try Press to SETUP, the to SETUP. the information about shown the SETUP Then SETUP (without the At the MS-DOS command type VER and to the MS-DOS own. the information gathered to or Customer built-in memory (ROM) of which These internal such as ROM, RAM, the the and the The RAM displays the amount of memory currently If the displays the D-2 Troubleshooting
the and to when reporting If the serious, the further and The the and the If this as as this information and both the and to The Wont If when the the following: the light If and turn off the that the securely connected to both the AC the back and the or Reference necessary, and the If off the reason, least seconds turning back You the off and If the light the outlet Turn off and the from the the and to the outlet If the outlet and the If the cant the below. Troubleshooting D-3
The If and when type the follow these operations than others to the to than to typed character. If reasonable of to the to its The first such to its what If the the MS-DOS the RESET and If that the Reference and the RESET button. If the the below. Could software causing the If Software this The caused this If operating properly, to the If to whatever the and to the MS-DOS the Ctrl and Break (or C). information or D-4 Troubleshooting
If respond, using the or the RESET Computer Chapter information. If the off and least seconds. If the or Reference A. Then the It should MS-DOS. If and to that as to the of J3 the board to the built-in VGA If the the You to J1 and J5. the Chapter instructions. If the SETUP the the memory Then the displays the If the the If the following: If type the and nothing type and If know the to or instructions. If the follow the below. Troubleshooting D-5
Accessing If and follow these Turn off the and follow the instructions the Chapter to the function J6 to A. to ground the back of the touching of the the cover the Turn the You the the Press to SETUP appears, Highlight SETUP and You the SETUP displayed the of the If to the to or write Then to If to or follow the instructions the Chapter to SETUP information when the Turn off the and follow the instructions the Chapter to the function J6 to B. D-6 Troubleshooting
If the A. Turn the to or write and If the to the the If with the the following: If the displays when or the the securely connected to its Connecting the Chapter instructions. If the properly, the function the arrow the as numbers. to the the right of the the to off the function. If nothing when type the The Not Respond, If or the the the to the Chapter If the and immediately. Troubleshooting D-7
the following: If there the that the switch and that the light the If the light the the and If the switch the light off the seconds, and turn the back to the displays If the light the outlet Turn off and from the the and to the If the connected to the properly. Connecting Chapter the instructions to to the and match, and, switches or the properly. Connecting Chapter and the that with and instructions. chosen the type the SETUP the Chapter If to the the type of and the and software. D-8 Troubleshooting
If or try the following turn the 1/4-inch to the the Chapter information. You the or the the from the and with the facing to the latch. Chapter instructions and If that graphics the If and to that as to the of J3 the board to the built-in VGA the OU to and J5. the instructions. If with the tests, C. If the the where bought the Troubleshooting D-9
If the the and to another of the type, the the other and the operation. If this the below. to the right type of of Drives Chapter information. If the right type write-protected. On 1/4-inch there write-protect the notch its or there On the write-protect switch to the write-protect or there switch. You write-protected function properly the write-protected. the information. the MS-DOS Reference instructions formatting You incorrect type when the SETUP SETUP to the instructions. of the following MS-DOS Cl Abort, Retry? reading writing D-10 Troubleshooting
If or with the following: If with that about the If of these the properly the On 1/4-inch the closed. the If the the and This the the seated properly the If the the MS-DOS COPY to the from the to MS-DOS Reference instructions.) If there something with the MS-DOS or the information the incorrectly. This the of these Cl of includes of other expected To the repairs, the MS-DOS CHKDSK. MS-DOS Reference instructions. Troubleshotting D-11
If the yourself, follow the instructions of this the instructions and the to correctly. the SETUP to the type of as of the instructions.) If with the the tests, C. If the If the or If with the of installation, or corrupted The this section three the LI the Accessing the the section that to cover the to the Accessing the D-12 Troubleshooting
If that (such as formatting the to back reformatting or repartitioning the the of COPY, XCOPY, and BACKUP MS-DOS Reference the If with newly-installed the following: If the that about the If the yourself, follow the instructions of this the instructions and the to correctly. the to they correctly. If physically the (or initialized) and operating This type of usually the yourself. If the with its that follow the instructions C Format. that this physical type of from the software-based type of formatting commands (such as the MS-DOS SELECT or FORMAT commands. the below, information. D-13 Troubleshooting
If with that the and the that connected the to the board disconnected. If with its the built-in and the type through SETUP? Chapter instructions. the (which already physically formatted), the following to the SETUP to as of the computers Chapter instructions.) the MS-DOS, and MS-DOS. Step-by-step instructions these MS-DOS If another operating follow the instructions that with If the correctly, to the the and MS-DOS (or another operating the operating to the to the operating from the when the D-14 Troubleshooting the low-level to
If the properly and as the the instructions MS-DOS each the processcorrectly If the Accessing the If using and reduction performance, the the become You to back and then compaction to the information. If with back and physically the Then to MS-DOS and back the Format C and MS-DOS Reference instructions. If or read/write the physical D-15 Troubleshooting
Software If with try the following If the that following the the and that correctly. If and the directory that or specifying the directory. If the A. high or While properly the the software to this the and the CPU operating necessary. the Chapter instructions and information protected If MS-DOS that to there type to MS-DOS to what These Cl Ctrl and C Ctrl and CI the to the If when type the Follow the instructions Chapter If the off seconds, and then back Then D- Troubleshooting
to follow with If the and information, If that the and properly to the (Also, Chapter instructions or the the DIP switch or These properly with the If than or than the know which the and which the secondary Chapter instructions to the and the SETUP If properly functioning, from the MS-DOS the displays the MS-DOS (such as C> or A>), and This should the of the (such as properly they to what required. If to the internal of the (or To this, the MS-DOS MODE or SETMODE command, or the MENU and the MS-DOS Reference Troubleshooting D-17
the or the Communication C these tests. If the Option Card If option and functioning properly, the following: the option correctly? The with option the well-seated its the Chapter and the instructions that with the the DIP switches or the option option instructions. the the board? Chapter information. the SETUP to the If the option to to the to the to the option the back the procedures the software using with the option If necessary, software instructions. that its option If and with that the leading from that to the board and the disconnected. D-18 Troubleshooting
If with the following: that securely to its the back of the Also, connected to the Chapter information. If the connected properly, that J4 board correctly Chapter information. If with the that with troubleshooting information or Memory If memory to and that memory operating properly, the following: If the memory count displayed the incorrect, or the correctly. The the they the type of SIMM, or they the their If to the yourself. If them, Memory Chapter and the instructions. to the SETUP or memory to memory Chapter instructions. If with write and Troubleshooting D-19
Battery The lithium battery. It should from three to years to the batterys exhausted, purchase follow the instructions to (You to Math If to operating properly, the following: D-20 Troubleshooting the SETUP and to that the as the SETUP If as Not installed, or the incorrectly. and information. to the yourself. information about that to If as the SETUP to the that with troubleshooting information and or J2 to whether the or Chapter information.
or that the location where information memory. that to, or acts the Application software to such as or spreadsheet ASCII American Information characters, such as numbers, and graphic ASCII character of computers, and transmitted ASCII of which character to another that to to AUTOEXEC.BAT The batch that when MS-DOS. Batch
The that the to switch from high to when of or that created the or memory The memory the below 1MB that to MS-DOS and programs-usually 640KB. memory or memory. Batch type of that of MS-DOS commands command. Batch text with the type the MS-DOS the commands that BIOS ROM Memory) that basic input/output of the operating or The of The of the or of charge. To the operating the memory.
or of that character. CGA Graphics type of that to of with characters each graphics or four-color graphics Character that the or the includes numbers, and graphic CMOS Complementary type of of or instructions. software or of Command instruction (usually to to function. Command The or that MS-DOS and ready to instructions. The displays the and directory. If C, the this: C
The of of typical consists of with and connected to and when Ctrl and another the that instructs the to function. optional that the to mathematical Copy-protected type of that copied. copy-protected to the the while the to instead of high CPU Processing Unit. The of the that instructions, the track of and input and operations. The highlighted that shows the The of that read/write head. The of to the of the of heads.
Information such as text or graphics or which (as to or that when the or temporarily or the character or to of MS-DOS command. of that of and such as or containing instructions that allow to and The and the to its internal and its
DIP switch switch. switch option or that function. Directory of of directory shows the location, and of the the directory. directory both and The and The physical that allows the to from and write to which sealed protective of coated with to permanently. board that of the option to the interface. the the displays text and graphics. the PLUS, VGA built the board.) Also known as DOS commonly operating that the input and
type of that allows to as as the 51/4-inch 360KB of 31/2-inch 720KB of The of followed colon-for C EGA Enhanced Graphics type of that allows to high-resolution graphics It to of text with characters each or or graphics to Expanded memory Memory that specially written MS-DOS with Expanded Memory (EMS) such as EMM286.SYS. Memory Memory 1MB that the protected of the and to and operating of to three characters which to to o
of related of information records, or together Text of and of and to and instructions. to characters that MS-DOS to Format To (or to that information. Formatting and sectors and locations Graphics and other The to amounts of It and than physical of such as or CPU. o
High-density type of that allows to than or 51/4-inch high-density 1.2MB of 1/2-inch high-density 1.44MB of Input/output (I/O) Interface physical or software to or that option or the board to function. containing copy-protected that the while using the (KB) to memory or One bytes. LIM EMS of the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification-a that allows to memory that MS-DOS The built containing the the to
Math optional that the to mathematical MCGA Monochrome/Color Graphics type of that or graphics MDA type of that displays text such as or (MB) to memory or One 1024KB. to (of internal clock). second. The PLUS operates or Memory The where Memory ROM) or temporarily RAM). Memory that memory chips. You 256KB or 1MB memory to the board the to the memory. memory commonly SIMM memory
Memory The memory option the MGA Graphics type of that text and graphics the of CPU contained that allows to telephone it and The of that the and displays information. that displays such as or as to which hand-held with or buttons. the the the the
MS-DOS Microsoft The operating commonly with The and to the right of the The which the commands. The PLUS or of (such as MS-DOS, OS/2, or that operations. The operating the and input and Option board the to such as The type of interface that the of Interface and to command that MS-DOS what to and information such as what to and where to or
Parity to the of that the of the or The operating to sections or You and or The of characters to type the to and Pathname The directory to the pathname the SALES, the subdirectory BUSINESS, BUSINESS SALES. (such as or connected to that the its operation. physical input/output where peripheral that the to its internal and each
that instructions and what to and to Prompt the displays to information or what action to Command RAM Access Memory. The of the memory to and while RAM when turn off or the to To from to another. when text the reads the from the and displays the Read/write head The physical that reads from and records the of clock battery-powered clock the that of the and when the turned off.
To operating or operating information RAM. RGB type of ROM Memory. of memory that and temporary ROM its when off the directory The directory MS-DOS, (backslash). other of the directory. RS-232C used, type of interface. You RS-232C to the built-in Sector section of track that which the The to its
The type of interface that interface and RAM The the PLUS that the to the ROM BIOS and ROM the RAM of memory to processing. SIMM Memory Software The that to the and Subdirectory directory or of that branches from another subdirectory or from the directory. Switch option to MS-DOS that the the Switches the /S switch to FORMAT command, MS-DOS the operating the as of the to the functioning correctly. that the operating
Tracks resembling the record, which to the areas. VGA Graphics type of high-resolution The VGA built the of graphics to VGA that of the option to interface. with built-in VGA to to this interface. To To the from write-protect the notch 1/4-inch or the write-protect switch 31/2-inch write-protected, change, or its