EPSON
EPSON USERS GUIDE X-EQ386-20PLUS
This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or America, Inc., the authority to the FOR CANADIAN USERS This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS WARNING
America or warranties, or implied, or with to this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information While the of this publication, America or from the of the information this publication and to without of Corporation. of Inc. Other only and of their respective Copyright America, Inc. Y72399100100 California IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS Read of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat This should built-in installation This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding-type third (grounding) This grounding-type This If to the the to the of the grounding-type this where the If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the
of this through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the and servicing to service the following A. the or or B. If the C. If the to or D. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. only those that covered the operating instructions, of other and often to the to operation. E. If the or the F. If the performance, indicating service.
Introduction The 386SX/20 PLUS high-performance which offers and It includes 2MB of internal memory, built-in VGA graphics built-in and interfaces, and IBMPS/2 The built-in interfaces allow to of peripheral directly to the to option cards. If to such as or the four option (three and the to three internal and or and The 3865X/20 PLUS offers other features to its and Memory of memory to high-speed cache and RAM. ROM (read-only memory) and ROM the RAM memory) to further performance. VGA The built-in VGA and VGA (included) graphics to or VGA
Edge Graphics (CEG) The built-in CEG the of CRT VGA the effective of and the from to with the software and this clearer, of graphics and Optional You easily memory and optional with the IBM Computer, PC XT, or PC AT memory to the board, the memory to 14MB. Memory memory. than memory option Also, they the to option to memory to If necessary, memory to option to memory to 16MB. You to the math to with authorized to which options Introduction
and Other Software You of MS-DOS to with MS-DOS and MENU-that to The HELP information about MS-DOS the MENU easy to of the MS-DOS commands. MS-DOS the operating with You practically operating with MS-DOS, OS/2, Unix or XENIX. the that with operating to and You the IBM PC, PC XT, PC AT, or 386SX/20 PLUS. You software, such as Microsoft VGA VGA and that with VGA and With these VGA such as graphics to to and text VGA information. that of the CEG These to the and higher CEG. CEG instructions.
to This This to and and The with 51/4-inch instructions using 3-inch included. Although this MS-DOS, to operating operating instructions and the operating You to everything this the following chapter Chapter instructions On the back cover foldout showing the of to these as Chapter to the to this You to the instructions operating such as and and Chapter features to performance. Chapter instructions the cover and subassembly and then the subassembly and cover. Chapter of the options and instructions and options.
Chapter to and or troubleshooting to hardware-level You to this that this low-level or serious with the C the If with of the to of these. the technical specifications. At the of the and Where to Customer and service products of authorized and Customer throughout the United States. America information and to its and Customer Therefore, that the business where purchased to If the people there the to they through toll-free that this with the the Consumer Information the the location of or the Customer To or purchase or Introduction
Chapter Choosing Location 386SX/20 PLUS easy. follow the this chapter. to this back cover foldout to the the The this the with 51/4-inch If instead, and instructions, Chapter
to choose location that the following: The or should enough to the of and of its Select location that allows of comfortably. Soft and electricity, which and the Soft to freely the and inches of around the Protect from humidity, and sunlight or other of heat. High operation, cool, To charges, to grounded outlets. You outlet the the and and other interference. from such as which field.
the Protector Card If there the This the factory to the read/write heads the To the to the then as shown below. (If Y/4-inch to the from that as the If to the to This the read/write heads
Connecting The to to the the type of If VGA (or with to the built-in VGA the VGA Interface below. If other type of Card below. the VGA Interface Follow these to VGA to the VGA the turned off. top of or the easy access, the and around the of both facing If necessary, the to the permanently attached
If the screws, them or with screwdriver, the screw type. the of the and the to match the of the interface with Then the the (the should easily when properly oriented), as shown below. To the to the when the screws
If necessary, the the as shown below. the other of the II J, II
Card If using to of the option the already the If the to follow the instructions Chapter to first, the following to and properly matched. CGA EGA the to switches or the properly. to switch to or the that with or instructions. or EGA graphics (CGA) graphics (MGA) Enhanced graphics (EGA) (MDA) graphics (MGA) graphics (EGA) graphics
If EGA or VGA or another type of that to the J2 the board to the built-in VGA interface. If or cards, to J1 to the the type of or If of the to which type. instructions Once to this section to to the If with its follow the instructions there. follow the the VGA Interface the instead of the built-in VGA Connecting or Other both and interfaces. To or other peripheral to of these interfaces, follow the instructions below. offers of information. the Interface The interface and DB-25S To and IBM If which with
Once the follow these the to the with the back of both facing One of the the to match the of the interface with Then the the as shown below. If the screws, them or with screwdriver, the screw type. screws
the other of the to the as shown below. the the each of the and them the grounded
the Interface If or other with interface, to the (RS-232C) the back of the The DB-9P To follow the as connecting the the with as shown below. You to that the properly. If the to redirect to the instead of the To this, the MS-DOS MODE or SETMODE command or the MENU utility. MS-DOS Reference instructions.
Connecting the Follow these to the the the arrow the housing the the with as shown below. Although the and physically they interchangeably. to the the arrow
You the the the To the of the and each as shown below. Connecting the IBM PS/2 that DIN If purchased with this type of (or to the built-in If purchased with to the built-in If another of that to option to the interface. To to the built-in the oriented properly with the the the with as shown the following
Although the and physically they interchangeably. to the the Once connected to commands to MS-DOS CONFIG.SYS and AUTOEXEC.BAT to to MS-DOS Reference and the that with instructions.
Connecting the Cord Follow these to the cord: the the AC the back as shown below. WARNING To shock, to the the it the the other of the grounded
Turning On the ready to turn the first, the following to or yourself: from the when the the with the off or while light This or least seconds off the turn Turning the off and the top of or to or of its the of off the the cord, and seconds the cover. the cover to optional or Follow these to the the AC the back of the and grounded Turn around the front and other that Choosing Location, typical
Turn the and other peripheral connected to the To the the located the right of the front as shown below. The below the lights seconds, the to of each turn to everything correctly. If or to such as to as as to the first turn The the the the
the completed its to this If necessary, the to the brightness and characters the clear and of intensity. If and to them to the Turning the ready to off the of to Turn off the first, then off the and to Chapter and follow the instructions to the
the The first 386SX/20 PLUS, to the the Reference to the This least once. (You to it the The of and (or the following The with the the CMOS RAM, which backed battery. the searches the CMOS RAM the information. If the the information the CMOS RAM and its to the type Memory and options clocks and type(s) and the
The 386SX/20 PLUS memory and It and of the Therefore, to the should each option the to that the The the 2MB of memory that with as 640KB of memory and 1280KB of memory. If memory, as memory also. Starting the Follow these to the turned off. the Reference as shown the following the facing and the read/write pointed the the
Turn to and peripherals the The displays the Operation The option highlighted. To The displays the the the the Then the to instructions and including OPERATION MENU Format moving to DOS If appears when the From below. memory Sound clock the
From If and such as the following: options "F1" If this follow these Press F1. The and the and such as the following: The the the causing the There than the of the such as allow to the the If of these SC the displays the the SETUP REFERENCE DISK) Incorrect HDD and/or HDC Memory incorrect, correction Cacheable Incorrect incorrect HDD incorrect
highlighted and The the that caused the to that to match The displays the the Cursor to the (the highlighted through the options the highlight the option to memory Sound clock You should the the to they The the that caused the the If choose or SC instead of selecting to the the that caused the and the displays the to this -L and the
If the arrow the appear to (turned If the the right of the once to off and the arrow the If to while using the and to the to back Follow the instructions the of this chapter to the to the The the type of with If connected VGA to the built-in VGA the type. (With this option the type of the type of If to the these If EGA or VGA or another type of that to the J2 the board to the built-in VGA interface. If or cards, to J1 to the the type of or If of cards, the to which type. instructions the
At the highlight appears the type, such as the following: To the The the and the right Press to the this and then If the type this section. CGA CGA EGA,MCGA,VGA or other VGABIOS C000 or to highlight the option that matches type. If which to choose, follow these If the built-in VGA or VGA, EGA, or MCGA EGA,MCGA,VGA or other. If graphics (CGA) or graphics (MGA) to RGB CGA the switch the MGA to VGA the
If of types, the the to The other secondary appears whether currently or secondary highlight the type, The displays Highlight SAVE SETTING and to to the the If such as with input, selecting CGA If the and CGA If (MDA), MGA, or MGA attached to choose the switch the MGA to If other of and EGA, MCGA, VGA or other. the with If IBM software or network software, VGABIOS C000. To the VGA BIOS back to E000, and EGA, MCGA, VGA or other.
the that who to to If to this section. Once the every or RESET. If correctly, the to Therefore, to or write and If to as to as Network information.) Follow these to and necessary): At the highlight This appears: Network OFF Press The to o o Press The to the
If already this appears: already The allow to already easily or the know Chapter instructions. To type of characters (including numbers, and to of characters. You the backspace to characters the such as or The the when to the to the or write and If to the the If to to the without SC to to the If to the highlight Network To turnnetwork or off, the
If there to the function. instructions. the Memory Caching Memory allows to cache memory, the information from memory high-speed cache information the cache than when the memory. This greatly the which Caching active when operating (high) The allows to or memory The the memory currently You to If this appears: first To highlight and follow through and network or off, highlight SAVE SETTINGS and to to the the
To or the memory cache follow these At the highlight memory. The appears: If memory cache correct, the of this section. To the The the Press to the from to or Highlight SAVE SETTING and to to the the high or High and The to high (where memory it to or the to (when necessary). the high the TURBO the front You should high everything high and the
the to automaticaly, the switches to whenever to and high other operations. You to the copy-protected the Chapter information. This section to the the You the commands or the ESPEED the Chapter Follow these to At the highlight The appears: To the The the and another Press to the the option High If the displayed correct, this section. High (High and the to switch from high to when the
Highlight SAVE SETTING and to to the the and The Keyboard/Sound option these three Initial built-in that or off. the when operations. the the however, to The option the whether or off when the the to numbers. If off The light the and the function the off or The to the selected the the to highlight the and or
The option the which character when The Normal, the or If the that with (or another IBM AT the the ON. If that or the OFF. Follow these to or the and At the highlight Keyboard/Sound. The appear: Initial ON Normal KB If the displayed this section. To of the The the and the option highlighted. To or the or off), To the or off, highlight Initial and the
the highlight KB OU the following option Press to the the Highlight SAVE SETTINGS and to to the the Clock The clock continously the and when the turned off. The first the clock option to the and You to this option to clock daylight The the years. Another to the clocks and with the MS-DOS TIME and DATE commands. MS-DOS Reference instructions. the Normal or to highlight the and
Follow these to the clock: At the highlight clock. If the and previously, the appear: If the and correct, the of this section. If the and incorrect, to below. If the and the template to Press to the the To or the You this hours, and seconds.) 24-hour clock, the the shown the each the the to the to type the following: the
You the backspace to the correct, If time-for than the hours or than the or second-the entry. To or the highlight and OU this month, and the the shown the the month and and four the the the hyphens. to the would type the following: You the backspace to the correct, If than the month or greater than the of that month-the entry. Press The the and when each If then the without the and the once or to to the
the If with factory-installed already and this section. If or follow these to the At the highlight appear, such as the following: The the type of the type (If that the type the which to the type Then the of the The that there If the match the of this section. If incorrect, or to about to the
Press You such as the following: The the each the of the of read/write heads, the of sectors, the and the (the which the heads when the It displays the capacity If to the (which C computers), to highlight If to the and then Press You this If disconnected the or the highlight and the become to If matches of the the to the of of heads of sectors (MB) of of heads of sectors capacity (MB) to highlight
Highlight and The type appears: If the of the match of the the highlight fined and You the following: If match of the the to the type that matches the You the type of You type the type and The displays the and You the to through the type numbers. This to because the as each type. the type The displays the and to of The highlighted the the of and the
The information of the and the of the of read/write heads the and Follow this each item the (the of sectors, the and the If incorrectly, to highlight the and then The allow to the capacity; the based what the of heads, and sectors. type the and the to the heading. If to the type another the correct, to the the top Highlight and to SAVE SETTINGS the or and to or
The following the of this and the with to the the type of You to this when the the Heads ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 Sectors the MB (Used ESDI) CDC
Notes 8425F, ST125 CP-3044 or 8051A as type ESDI HDC or Maxtor XT1O85, Newbury NDR1085 Micropolis1323A,Miniscribe3035,MkxusdenrzHH1050,SeagaleST4053 The The factory-installed type the 386SX/2O PLUS 60(100MB). the Heads ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ESDI ESDI ST-506 ESDI ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ST-506 ESDI ESDI ESDI ESDI ESDI ESDI ESDI ESDI AT AT AT AT AT MB ectors B5.0 MK-156F NEC D5147H ST251 MK56FB ST4096 MK-154F CDC94166-101 CDC94166-141 CDC94166-182 Micropolis1354A CDC CDC CDC94166-182(3) CP-344 CP-3104 4OAT(6) 80AT(6)
the Type(s) 386SX/20 PLUS with factory- If or to the to match If type Follow these At the highlight The appear: To The the and the following: If to the A: highlighted and If to the highlight and The the MB A: B: If the the match the of this section. Not KB KB MB MB You the Selected light ON. This that the light the currently selected the
and The displays the type selected. If to the type another to the correct, highlight SAVE SETTINGS and The to the and the updated information and B. the Interfaces The and interfaces to as the If or this section. If option with its or to the built-in as secondary and the as primary. The choose which and which secondary there the built-in and the If option with as the as the and the built-in the secondary If option or peripheral with that as the or secondary If option with as the and the other as the secondary and the built-in the or to highlight the
Follow these to built-in and interface At the menu,highlight The each appear: Press to the the You this option Secondary If to the highlighted and If to the highlight and The the or T to highlight the the selected and The displays the If option with or and highlight that built-in and the the option this Conflict with option Highlight that and the
If to the the other to the and correct, highlight SAVE SETTINGS and The to the and and interface the to and The following summary appears the Memory memory OFF Network EGA MCGA VGA or other type VGA High the memory to highlight the
There summary to the You the following: clock A: MB Normal If the clock, the the top of the flashes to to the and the Clock, instructions. To the summary You of of of heads of heads of sectors of sectors (MB) (MB) B: EXIT AND SAVE the
each summary to the information correct. OU to the or to the If anything incorrect, highlighted and then The appears and the Leaving the If or to the highlight without summary and The Operation appears. (If the or the the without If to the highlight EXIT AND SAVE and summary The the and the the If to the Chapter instructions.) The Operation. appears. If the first the Reference from the and off Then follow the instructions MS-DOS to MS-DOS. (If operating follow the instructions that Once MS-DOS, should the from the or the MS-DOS when finished the Reference from A. If the Then to the commands the CONFIG.SYS and AUTOEXEC.BAT the
If the displays while the and the the indicates. If the displays or C, or to of Reference the and MS-DOS. MS-DOS Reference instructions to the
Chapter This chapter the following procedures MS-DOS or another operating Copying the Reference the or the and MS-DOS or Another the of and the the operating If MS-DOS, follow the instructions MS-DOS If another operating the that with instructions. The instructions this that MS-DOS with to of operating
Copying the Reference If to of the Reference to the This allows to the directly from instead of to the COPY MS-DOS Reference to the following from the Reference to AFDD.EXE ESPEED.EXE HDSIT.COM HDSIT.VER ROMBIOS.COM The Reference the and the should these from the Reference A; these to to of Reference MS-DOS Reference instructions.
the functions when MS-DOS or The shown below, and the functions characters or the top the when with the character lowercase characters when the function Works with other to Ctrl such as operations MS-DOS and function character H- +I the to the right and to the the from lower- to back to lowercase when The the top of the and the the of the affected.
functions Backspace the back the character to the of the of input or command. (Ins) the function and off. the character the Home, location. UP the function of the from to positioning the back when the or operation. F1-F12 within Prints the the function SYS with applications. the operation. Break Terminates the operation (when with The and as the once to function and to off. the function the light the right of the Works with other to character or
Command or You to command or while to or operation. If MS-DOS that to of the following commands: the Ctrl and C. the Ctrl and These If to the as below. It to off the to or command. If created and the turn off the The its memory (RAM) the each turn off or the the Occasionally, to clear the or its memory without turning off. You this the and the to to MS-DOS and memory that necessary.
the as means to classify and when the If the without properly exiting To the MS-DOS the or A; the MS-DOS A. There to the If MS-DOS, Ctrl and and the The and then the should MS-DOS. If the Press the RESET the front This when the to If the the to off and from the Turn off the and seconds. If the MS-DOS A. Then the
If when the the or the RESET Follow these to If MS-DOS A. Turn the or RESET. The screen At the type The when type character, the the characters type. Then type the correctly and character appears. Then the MS-DOS. If turned when the to to as Network Chapter You three to the If the the another appears. If the the and third the displays the and the Press RESET and to the the Computer, instructions.)
If know the A. To follow these If MS-DOS A. Turn the or RESET. At the the the to and to to ABC, type: characters the such as the when to the The what type. to the or write and If the to the Press character appears and then the MS-DOS. 123/ABC &or The
Next the or RESET, the To follow these If MS-DOS A. Turn the or RESET. At the slash. type: Press character appears and then the MS-DOS. The the or RESET, and MS-DOS immediately. You to know the to this If know the A.
and The allow to and then and This section and of and and Cl and Format of coated with This that slightly and It sealed protective to of and the that and capacity. tracks, and sectors. Double-sided both On each tracks, which the (S+inch or
further sectors, which to The below of and sectors. Double-sided, or each and double-sided, high-density each or sectors track. consists of or top of another and four or than the of the of the The of sectors the type of
the read/write heads to and To write to the the to the that the where the to written the read/write head. where the read/write head magnetically, and as record, and of The following the four of and which to with them: 1.2MB /d-inch, high-density, TPI inch), 1.2MB These sectors track, and to 1.2MB of information, which of MB which 1024KB (or bytes). KB which bytes. character, such as A, or 1.44MB double-sided, high-density, TPI, 1.44MB These sectors track, and to 1.44MB of information, which of
You this section. and If than type of or of to of the and of the type and 3$inch 51/+inch or There that the as the The following the and 1.2MB 1.2MB, 360KB*; 320KB*; 180KB*: 160KB* If write to this 1.2MB to or write to 360KB 360KB TPI, 360KB (Y OU 160KB or 180KB These and or sectors track. With sectors track, to 320KB. With sectors track, to 360KB of information, which of 720KB double-sided, TPI, 720KB These sectors track, and to 720KB of information, which of type from and write to 360KB 360KB, 320KB, 180KB, 160KB S1/+inch, doubleaided,
from and write to type 720KB 720KB 1.44MB 1.44MB, 720KB of these the type and when (Usually this information appears the If of the MB, 1.2MB, 720KB, or 360KB), from to another-using COPY or as the type each You these commands to and type of the MS-DOS DISKCOPY to from to another the the type. about copying and MS-DOS Reference Caring and Follow these basic to and If that to write or write-protect This operating and Write-protecting below, from the or or off the while the light This light that the copying to or from If this process, off the
Cl from and of or scratch the and the read/write heads Cl or to They and humidity. Dont the or or heat. from that information magnetically.) There or office, such as telephones, and top of or Cl top of and they and the type and the the top of to the top of another; too to and the the to the If to write that already the or their protective and location, such as or them top of each other. 5/+inch its protective and the the read/write The
Write-protecting You write-protect to its from write-protected, and from or If to write- protected MS-DOS To write-protect 51/4-inch cover the notch (shown below) with write-protect usually included of 9/+inch To the write protection, off the write-protect write-protect notch write-protect
3%~inch the write-protect On switch the back of the the right shown below. write-protect the switch the of the clicks the To the write protection, the switch the of the clicks and the covered. notch or switch they permanently write-protected. This protects them from or write-protect switch
MS-DOS the to least and displays and accordingly. Usually, MS-DOS the first (the top as and as B. If only MS-DOS as both and when to operations that normally command to from to B, MS-DOS the from the first the (which would A) to the memory. Then MS-DOS to another B) and the from memory to the copying to the (A). often this to which which. It to write- Write-protecting If and the operating and from the and there, and the copying to or from and to that to the operating as as the operating (the and the operating this to the memory (RAM) to the the Then the and to that memory, instructions.
and If the with the facing and the read/write leading the as shown below. You MS-DOS from that the operating MS-DOS Reference information about creating Sl/+inch as follows: the the the Then the to This the and allows the read/write heads the to the to first the light off. Then the and the its protective and location, such as read/write
If the with the facing and the leading the as shown the following the the clicks to the the light off; then the release the and properly. or or off the while light You Also, to off the
the FORMAT command. the that MS-DOS write You to this once, the the first You to This the the to of the MS-DOS Reference instructions the FORMAT command. It to of and (or of that such as MS-DOS and the Reference that with Then the the from Also, regularly, whenever them (to them and them from If to the and regularly. of You You the COPY or XCOPY to or of You the DISKCOPY to of
You the BACKUP to back to BACKUP or of than COPY or XCOPY. MS-DOS Reference instructions using these commands. to using the 40MB as as thirty-three 1.2MB or thirty 1.44MB and 100MB as as eighty-two 1.2MB or 1.44MB operations You and the the of to The capacity easy to back and forth and However, easy to and to trying to of MS-DOS related together and they easy to and MS-DOS Reference instructions and and the MS-DOS to
the While the to back to of and copying the to the the to them to whenever them to Follow these to from and to the If to to location-whether the country or the to the HDSIT to the the HDSIT the read/write heads to the that and them securely This protects the from the off or the when the light This light that the copying to or from the If this process, to the The sealed to from to the HDSIT to the as below.
including their heads when off the If this, or that to HDSIT. Follow these to HDSIT: and the MS-DOS appears the If HDSIT to (as the of this chapter), the directory of the that the HDSIT If HDSIT to the Reference A. Then type A: and to that the following and You the that the read/write heads the or the off and The the heads and the and off the You ready to to the location. If with 5*/4-inch and the to the to to the read/write heads. HDSIT
Operations This chapter to the following procedures to the of AUTOEXEC.BAT and Other Batch to MS-DOS and that there commands to You the of these commands them batch type the of the batch and MS-DOS the commands the as typed each from the If that as text-only ASCII that to batch You the MS-DOS COPY or EDLIN to the MS-DOS Reference instructions creating and batch AUTOEXEC.BAT and other batch the Reassigning the as expanded memory 640KB VGA features. Operations
One batch that AUTOEXEC.BAT. Every MS-DOS the AUTOEXEC.BAT and each of the commands. MS-DOS, AUTOEXEC.BAT To or the the that to other batch (COPY, EDLIN, or that as text-only to the AUTOEXEC.BAT and it the directory of the or from which MS-DOS. MS-DOS Reference information about AUTOEXEC.BAT the high and High and On high, the memory than to high the to or the to automatically. operating high the TURBO light the front The TURBO light off when operating You should high everything and the the to this the Enhancing Operations
copy-protected the to while the These usually to disk-the that the protection-in the If copy-protected to to to when the and to high when finished. There of copy-protected the type or to the to Follow these LI If using copy-protected that only or that to the high If this to the to automatically. If cant the high, the to automatically. LI If using copy-protected that to the the to while the Once the to high, where should to while and the There three to the the Reference CI the ESPEED If this and the and then to high to the to automatically. Operations
If that the to or the when to the Chapter instructions. If these occasionally, should the commands or the ESPEED below) to the Commands You the of the following commands the MS-DOS Ctrl the to high Ctrl the to Ctrl the to to when the and characters, the the The commands the characters the You the commands while that of the commands another function, that to the that the Ctrl command to the Ctrl to the to the these commands the MS-DOS Another to the ESPEED below. Operations
To these commands, the Ctrl and the and the or located the The the RESET or off the or the another command, or the ESPEED below. the ESPEED The ESPEED allows to the to high or or the to automatically. This the Ctrl commands or to include the batch The ESPEED with the Reference If Reference and the to the If the ESPEED.EXE from Reference already so-and the from there. Copying the Reference Chapter information.) To the ESPEED type the following the MS-DOS and You the following ESPEED ESPEED [[/H][/L] High /High Enhancing Operations
The the switches should to the to high, or At the MS-DOS type the ESPEED and include the switch, such as the following: ESPEED /A This command the to to when the If include the switch when type the ESPEED command, the the without the command options. The the RESET or off the or the command, or the ESPEED the ESPEED command batch You to the ESPEED including the batch SAMPLE which when the include the following commands batch to the SAMPLE ESPEED /A SAMPLE You the batch SAMP.BAT. to the SAMPLE the A. Then type SAMP and The the to and the SAMPLE the the the to and then to high when finished. Operations
MS-DOS Reference instructions creating and using batch Reassigning the If they connected that the top and the B. the whenever to the operating or bootable from the A. If both of the type-S/,-inch, 1.2MB capacity, to reassign the If types, however, to the assignments the from B. that to to the that to the 3/2-inch while the these the assignments to the top and the A. There to this: the the to from and the The becomes A. the AFDD to reassign the the AFDD below, instructions. assignments the RESET or off the or reassign the to their The reassignment the from Ctrl Enhancing Operations 31/2-inch
the AFDD The AFDD the assignments and the the assignments, the AFDD to reassign the to their The AFDD with the Reference If Reference and the command to the If the AFDD.EXE from Reference already then the from there. Copying the Reference and information. To the AFDD type the following the MS-DOS and AFDD You such as the following: A: 1.44MB 1.2MB B: 1.2MB 1.44MB and other to abort If the Reference to the AFDD it If to the assignments, S. The and MS-DOS, and the assignments If to the assignments, other New Assign
If the AFDD from reassign the and the automatically. the following and The switch the AFDD to the MS-DOS, and the assignments without the You to the AFDD including the batch MS-DOS Reference instructions creating and batch as Network If to as the the and the other to The network write to and from the other computers, the commands the the commands to from other computers. operating this to unauthorized from commands the To this security, AFDD /S
the the MS-DOS. Once MS-DOS, commands the and MS-DOS the This allows other the to the unauthorized from commands and the the (as would turned off). The to unauthorized users from knowing that required. You to or to as unauthorized to when operating this the Chapter instructions to and Network the or RESET, the MS-DOS and the MS-DOS or the first software. You the though the to the Follow these to Turn or RESET. and The what type. Enhancing Operations to when to the
should to as Press such as to the command. If incorrect the respond. the and the You or and You the Reference to turn off first. instructions. Then or the following the instructions If the A. Expanded Memory 640KB The 386SX/20 PLUS with 2MB of memory. MS-DOS and that MS-DOS the first 640KB of memory. You the memory 640KB as memory, or as expanded memory, as below. Expanded memory (such as that the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification (LIM EMS). To of expanded memory, to memory to the memory to expanded memory. If selected memory software when bought 386SX/20 PLUS, the memory with of MS-DOS. follow the instructions included with the Operations
If of MS-DOS and memory the MS-DOS EMM386SYS to memory to expanded memory. MS-DOS Reference instructions EMM386.SYS. If using of MS-DOS and memory with which expanded memory should VGA built-in VGA graphics both VGA and with non-interlaced The VGA allows these to VGA without to VGA or of the the that with These allow to of the of and built-in VGA The VGA features such as these: graphics with CI to graphics with text Operations
To graphic of these VGA to them. The VGA that with that them. The the following INSTALL The INSTALL the the and select. VGAMODE The VGAMODE switch the VGA information about the VGA and the the VGA that with built-in VGA CEG technology, which the the the with the software and this clearer, of graphics and The CEG that with the The of the CEG CEG Enhancing Operations
Accessing easily optional such as math or option and to options first the to the internal Follow the instructions this chapter when to these the cover the subassembly the subassembly the cover. to the and or the If reservations about these yourself, You the subassembly to or the math or to or You to the subassembly to option or memory Accessing
Removing the Follow these to the cover from Turn off the and then (including the and If the top of the off and to the from the and from the back Then peripheral that connected to the including the Turn the around the back facing shown below, the cover screw. Turn the screw counterclockwise to the cover. Accessing screw
The cover the back of the cover the Press both and then the from the back You might from the grounding the of the cover. the cover from the front of the to completely Then Notice the the screw: screw Accessing
of the the of the back as shown below to ground and shock and to the WARNING to ground to the back of the every the cover. If properly grounded, shock when Accessing
Removing the Subassembly to or the or math board, to the subassembly. The subassembly the casing that the and the supply, as shown below. Follow these to the subassembly: Turn the the front facing Accessing
the front from the slightly the three the top of the and Then To the subassembly from the front of the thumbs the and the top of the with the of as shown below. Then the subassembly with thumbs. Accessing
the front of the subassembly to The connected to the the Disconnect this the of to the subassembly or With other hand, reach the subassembly and the attached to the front right of the board, as shown below. the its and straight to from the the Accessing
holding the subassembly, reach further back and the supply connected to the back right of the board, as shown below. each of the straight the the subassembly of the and the Subassembly Follow the below to the subassembly Notice that there four mounting the back of the subassembly: the and the comers. Accessing supply /T
There four the back of the these the the subassembly Accessing
the subassembly from and the back the the top the the the top the subassembly, as shown below. The subassembly actually resting the top the subassembly Reach and the supply leading from the supply. The P4 and P5. Accessing
Each and as shown below. The (shown below) the right of the the back) both of the supply Accessing
supply P4 the the the right of the with the the back of the the the with the the the and then the the If correctly the with the the when the supply P5 to the the the holding the front of the subassembly, the leading from the back of the the subassembly. The attached to the of the subassembly. Accessing
which the and which the the first. shown below, there of the Both the and the board notch The to the front of the board and the the with the the the with the notch the the the the the and then the notch Accessing
If correctly the with the severely when the OW the the the front of the subassembly the that four the back of the the the subassembly as the the front of the subassembly the the front of the the the and the with the the front of the If necessary, the the subassembly
To the front the three ridged its the three notches the of the as shown below. If the to the from the front screwdriver to the screws that the cover to the the screws and the If from the to the cover the front the front the the top of the the Then the top of the clicks The should with the front notches Accessing
the Follow these to the cover: the back of the the cover that the with three the the front as shown below. the three the three notches the back of the front of the Accessing
the back of the cover the and to tight Turn the screw the back clockwise to the cover to the the to the and other peripheral the to the back of the and to Accessing
C and You the performance of of including the following: CI Option Memory math option board to function. option such as or interface, such as to which This chapter to option and with Memory memory modules)-allow to increase the amount of memory This chapter the and amounts of If to memory to to You however, follow the instructions this chapter to them yourself. It to memory to rather than optional memory memory memory memory than memory Also, to of options If memory the performance of and Removing
math the when software. If purchase to to easily. If to yourself, follow the this chapter. This chapter to the the You to of options or to the operates. or of the options to the cover from the You to the subassembly that the to the or the math Chapter instructions. (You to the subassembly to option or memory the If or to the operates, to the that function. The the factory; however, the the following the and Removing
board Function J1 A A the built-in VGA J2 the built-in VGA option as A J3 Factory The below shows the locations of the the board. J2 SIMM the the and
where the the The and the A) or and the B), as shown below. (The and shown only. They appear the If to follow these If already the cover and the subassembly from the Chapter instructions. To from to the other, or to off its and it to the to the to the or surrounding the board. Follow the instructions to the subassembly and the cover. and @B @B
Option Card four option three and option You option from authorized as as other This section to option to option If Removing Option Card this chapter instructions. The below shows the four option or option the of this chapter to to with or without the option -I and Removing
option and through cards. below, the option option Usually which option as as the fits the follow these when which to with the If that the as as to the option the instructions that with the to this the Follow these to option If already the cover from the Chapter instructions.) WARNING the cover, the back of the to ground and o and Removing
You to the subassembly to option If to the of J1 and J2. If this the instructions. the screw from the top of the option cover; to the screw as the the cover. Unpack the option and switches or necessary. the option instructions.) the to of the the board, the If to top of its with the facing the the the screw to the option to the the cover the option and
the the top corners and the top of the as shown below. the and the the supply the the the straight Once the reach the the to You should the If the smoothly, force it the and straight as the to that seated the the of the and
the of the to the back of the with the screw. Follow the instructions Chapter to the cover. Post-installation the of this chapter to to with the option Option Card If to option follow these the cover from the Chapter instructions. the screw the to the back of the and straight and of the Either the with the facing or the preferably with the and its the of the option with the cover and with the screw. and Removing
If to the of J1 and J2. instructions. the cover. instructions. Post-installation the of this chapter to to without the option Memory with 2MB of memory. memory the board, increase the amount of on-board memory to 14MB. It to memory they easily incorrectly. If following the instructions this section. and this section the following to that they properly: that (or the the the SIMM to the amount of memory Memory the Once the or them If to them yourself, follow the instructions below. and
Memory There SIMM the board three consisting of each. SIMM. You the with the type of SIMM. The type of 256KB, 1MB, or 4MB. You of 12MB of memory, which to 14MB of on-board memory. To the amount of on-board memory, the following the three The following another of memory This 4MB 512KB 6MB 512KB of on-board memory. the that the type of SIMM both of 4MB 4MB 1MB 1MB 1MB 1MB 256KB 256KB 1MB 1MB and 1MB 1MB
Follow these to the memory the cover. Chapter instructions. (YOU to the subassembly.) Turn the that the back and the front right. The SIMM located the board the option as shown below. and option SIMM
The as shown below. U24 U25 U16 U17 U20 U21 If option to the SIMM follow the to the card(s). the SIMM the facing to the and the facing and Removing
the SIMM the the right of the as below. Gently the SIMM and, the the top of the SIMM to the and the and the and SIMM
Post-installation the of this chapter instructions with memory. Removing Memory If to memory from or follow the below. If them yourself, that both from It to there of and the cover. Chapter instructions. If the SIMM smoothly, force the and the SIMM the and that the the through the both and each SIMM to option card(s) to the SIMM Option Card instructions. Follow the instructions to the cover. and Removing
If option to the SIMM follow the to or screwdrivers to the that the SIMM each to the too or they and Removing
the the SIMM to the right the SIMM release the and from the each SIMM to option card(s) to the SIMM Option Card instructions. Follow the instructions Chapter to the cover. Post-installation the of this chapter instructions with memory. and
Math the to 80387SX math math the when using software. It increases the which graphic displayed when graphics-oriented software. It to math that easily incorrectly. If yourself, to the that with Then follow the this section to to of the and instructions or the or To electricity and math stationary as and Removing
The math located the front right of the board, as shown below. II follow these to 80387SX math the math from its and the cover and the subassembly. instructions. and Removing II II II front
The math hollow and The right of the notched, as shown below. There notched the math as shown below. the notched of the with the notched of its The notched the to the the to the If the math the permanently and notched notched
Gently the the of the If the smoothly, force the and try straight as the to it the the Follow the instructions Chapter to the subassembly and cover. Post-installation the of this instructions with math Math If to math from You extracting to the without to without this easily the the Reference to without Chapter instructions. and
Post-installation or or memory to the Reference to the information. If or other type of option, such as option or to to the know the type of Chapter instructions. If that received (such as to the the that with and then, necessary, follow the instructions to If and to MS-DOS or another operating from that to the operating MS-DOS or the that with operating instructions. If memory option the that with to the with the memory instructions. Additionally, to commands MS-DOS Reference and the that with option instructions. If memory and to of as expanded memory, Expanded Memory 640KB Chapter information. and
You to newly-installed option. options with their and others with the Reference You the Reference to the following: memory Math and tl and C instructions. and Removing
C and This chapter to the following: or or the include to three and or and and mounting to the as shown below. or and Removing mounting IL
or to to If to yourself, follow the instructions this chapter or the Correct The the that with That of the following types: with /*inch mounting You of of the following the with mounting with of +inch mounting with already the mounting If If first to the mounting If or the and Removing this
How to This Chapter The instructions this to and optional and the 386SX/20 PLUS and recommended this from the illustrated the If or of the apply to the that with the information. Each section this chapter of the to the of the procedures follow the Chapter to the cover and the subassembly. If or and another the follow the the Jumpers If from the If or and currently the mounting from the If or and the mounting or the and Removing
finished the instructions Chapter to the subassembly and the cover. Additional instructions each section which to the You to or the or The the the whether or You to these If and another to the the to that installed. If first and the to the the to the If the Drives, below. the If the each to which the and which the and
the which the operating that the its memory each You and both the and the the the operating Follow the instructions the section to the both of the the The located board, the The slightly location, them the and Removing ACT
The following the the C/D DSP ACT To from to the other, or to off its and to the other to the or the as If to the should C/D and ACT. If necessary, them to these Then the instructions first If using of four included with each and each four three of the the C/D, DSP, and ACT. the fourth the ACT. If the the first. or Removing the instructions. and One
If of already the follow the From the to Then the both while they of the the Follow the instructions this section to (or the mounting You to the following Removing the mounting from Removing the mounting from the and connecting to the C3 the Attaching the to the of the subassembly. If the mounting follow of the this section. If that from this the If and leaving to the the to that the the Then follow the instructions Removing From the the the and
the Mounting From the with attached to each of the as shown below. There Follow these to the mounting (and from the If necessary, the screws the and the grounding to the mounting and grounding plate mounting
the four screws the mounting to the There screws each as shown below. screws mounting the four screws them to the mounting to the Then the with the facing and
and the Mounting Plate If to mounting to the This mounting plate currently attached to the of the subassembly, as shown below. Follow these to the mounting plate from Turn the subassembly that the front facing The mounting located the right of the subassembly. screwdriver, the screw the mounting to the subassembly and Then the mounting to and subassembly mounting plate
Turn the facing and the the back of the facing right. the of the mounting plate the as shown below. mounting plate and
the four the mounting with the four the of the the four screws that from the mounting and them to the mounting plate to the the If to or of the first follow the instructions or Removing the the vertically mounted finished the Follow these to the the mounting the the right of the subassembly with the mounting facing and the and supply facing the back of the subassembly. and mounting plate
the that the with It with three (If the the subassembly.) the the of the indicated the shown below, there of the of the One of the with and
The the back of the of of the the with the that the the with the with the the with the the the and then the the If correctly the with the and the when
of the supply that from the supply the the The P1, P2, or P3 and clear One already attached to the of the shown below, the of the notched comers. supply supply notched corners notched corners The supply the back of the to the connected. The notched as shown the supply through the the right of the subassembly to reach the the and Removing
the with the that the notched the the and then the the and If correctly the with the severely when the notched corners notched corners
the and the mounting plate facing the subassembly, as shown below. Notice that there facing the of the mounting These the right of the subassembly. and
the subassembly slightly as the the to the right of the shown the the mounting plate the the of the subassembly. Then the the subassembly and the screw the mounting plate with the the the to the with the screw. If first follow the the section. If to the subassembly and the cover. Chapter and Removing
Attaching the to the of the Subassembly the and mount that with option the through the the mount. If first follow these to the to the of the subassembly with the board: Turn the subassembly the and the the (attached to the subassembly. and
the around the that the mount the and the subassembly, as shown below. the off the mount and the mount to the subassembly. Turn the subassembly the Subassembly Chapter instructions the subassembly Then the Chapter instructions the cover. Post-installation Chapter instructions with the to to the and
Removing from the You to the from the the following Follow these the slightly to the right and it and from the subassembly. the to the subassembly the The servicing. You the You another or the the cover and subassembly, already Chapter instructions. the screw the mounting to the subassembly and screw and Removing
the and the from the the back of the as shown below. the straight from the the the the If the to or follow the instructions or Removing the through If the to serviced, follow the instructions the the repaired. If to the to the four screws the mounting to the Then and the mounting with the screws. and
or the This section to or or the You these instructions to the however, the the If or the first the and first the mounting If the mounting or the This to the mounting and screws the From the the its and with the the subassembly the and then the cover. Chapter instructions. Post-installation Chapter instructions without to to the and Removing
the the following that the that (If necessary, the Jumpers instructions.) If or to that mounting attached to the fits properly the with mounting already If with follow the instructions the that with the to The this section the instructions to Follow these to If that the release the If that the release the right and the light the If that the with the facing and
There or three each of the the the round the with the each of the as shown below. the the and the back of the subassembly. Watch the the of the when the the the of them. If its that the front of the with the the (A fits the the and Removing
the screws the each of the and them with screwdriver, as shown below. If to Connecting If to Connecting Connecting Follow these to If the to the subassembly and The the and as the subassembly the upright when the to the turn the subassembly Removing
the with the interface that the the with the the interface. the connected to the top and the other free. the the of the to the shown the there this with of the The interface that from the back of the both Near of the interface, there to the the and
the fits properly the and then the interface. At this the from the front the front and screwdriver to the screws the cover to the the cover, as shown below. the front cover, and screws to Connecting the instructions the Connecting Follow these to the attaching to the the subassembly to to the and If correctly the when cover
Next, the that with If from the mounting the from that should to the of the subassembly the the Notice the the back of the of of the The three The to the board. The other together) to the these the to the the and the to the shown the below, there of One of the with and
the with the the the the with the with the the with the as shown below. the the and then the the If correctly the with the severely when the to the section instructions connecting the and
Connecting the Follow these to the supply or the the subassembly, the supply with clear P1, P2, or P3 that from the supply the (You the P4 and P5 to the You supply to each You of these three to the One of the usually P1, already attached to first shown below, the of the notched comers. The supply the back of the to the The notched comers. supply supply notched corners notched corners and
the supply that the notched the with the notched corners of the the the and then the the If correctly the with the severely when the Turn the subassembly right to the the subassembly. If to vertically mounted the Subassembly To vertically mounted the instructions. and notched corners notched corners
Removing From the The this section the the instructions to from the or to from the from the the from the Follow these to from the from the back of the as shown below. and Removing
the supply from the back of the screwdriver, the screws the to the There screws each and Removing
the from the front of the completely and If and another the the to that (If necessary, the Jumpers instructions.) If to the mounting the Subassembly Chapter If to the mounting follow the the If and with another or with the cover the front and Removing
Troubleshooting You should as and anything of the ordinary to this You repeating software or the trying the this chapter, the of C instructions. If the or C the authorized to the or to Authorized Customer service. If necessary, the Customer Information the location of Authorized Customer or Customer ready to the of its (including the type of and option cards), and the and of software You the the back If to MS-DOS, follow the below to MS-DOS and the of ROM BIOS. A-1 Troubleshooting
If follow these At the MS-DOS type ROMBIOS and (You to the directory where ROMBIOS.COM the At the MS-DOS type VER and The displays the MS-DOS the to If follow these the Reference and or At the to MS-DOS and At the A> type ROMBIOS and the the Reference and A. VER and The the MS-DOS the to built-in memory (ROM) of which every it These internal such as ROM, RAM, the the and the The RAM displays the amount of memory currently If the displays and the A-2 Troubleshooting
If the serious, this the and and then F1 to the and to when reporting If the serious, the further and The the and the If this as as this information and both the and to The following the and that appear If it the below. It to the troubleshooting section this If the section that covers and "F1" Action board board board board board clock options options Chapter and Chapter Memory Troubleshooting A-3
and Memory BIOS RAM options Memory Memory Memory or or CRT CRT and interface) (RS-232C and A-4 Troubleshooting Action Chapter or
and Action The Wont If when the the following: the light If and off the that the securely connected to both the AC the back and the Reference or MS-DOS necessary, and the If the light the Turn off and the from the the and to the If the and the Auxiliary Auxiliary If off the reason, least seconds turning back You the off and If the cant the below.
The Not If and when type the follow these operations than others to the to than to typed character. If reasonable length of to the to its The first such change, to to its what If the the MS-DOS the RESET and If that the Reference and the RESET If the the below. Could software causing the If Software this The caused this If operating properly, to the If to whatever the and to the MS-DOS the Ctrl and Break (or C). Chapter information command or A-6 Troubleshooting
If respond, the Ctrl command. If that the with the RESET Computer Chapter information. If the off the and least seconds. If the MS-DOS A. Then the It should MS-DOS; If EGA or VGA or another type of that to the J2 to the built-in VGA the the Chapter instructions. If or to the of J1. This the whether or (J1 the factory.) If the incorrectly, of these CRT CRT If of cards, J1 to the type. You to the the type of the Chapter instructions. Troubleshooting A-7
If the this the the the If the the The and third chance to correctly. If three the the and to If when the information, as Network Chapter If try the following: If think know the RESET and try Chapter instructions. If know the to or Chapter instructions. (You or and If and then the following to the TURN OFF POWER AND CORRECT JUMPER SETTING TO ENABLE PASSWORD CHECKING off the and follow the instructions the to the function. A-8 Troubleshooting
Removing If know the and to below. If know the and to New below. If and to there to the LI the existing the function. To of these the board. If and the the off network If to to without to the the existing the function). existing below, instructions. If the function, the to the existing that If to follow the instructions the function below. Troubleshooting A-9
existing If know and to follow these to the existing Turn off the and follow the instructions the to the function J3). the Reference and the You the the appears, highlight and Then the and follow the instructions as to when the to immediately. This clears the existing to the and highlight EXIT AND SAVE when the Reference off the and follow the instructions the Chapter to the function If the MS-DOS A. Turn the You the and the MS-DOS. to and The already the A-10 Troubleshooting
the function If to anymore, the function. to the function as the If to to easily follow the instructions Existing To the function, follow the instructions the to the of J3. New If and to follow these Turn off the and follow the instructions the Chapter to the function J3). the Reference and the You the the appears, highlight and Then follow the instructions the Chapter to (If to highlight Network and to the function.) this to and highlight EXIT AND SAVE when TURN OFF POWER AND CORRECT JUMPER SETTING TO ENABLE PASSWORD CHECKING A-11 Troubleshooting
the Reference turn off the and follow the instructions the to the function J3). If the MS-DOS A. Turn the You the If the to the the Chapter or Network Chapter to or write and If the to the the turn If with the the following: If the displays of the following when or the the securely to the the back of the or Cl or Troubleshooting A-12
If the properly, the function the arrow the as numbers. to the the right of the the to off the function. If nothing when type the The Not Respond, to something other than the causing the the following: the the and the Connecting the If to the of the function when the the and Chapter If there the that the switch and that the light the If the light the the brightness and If the switch the light off the seconds, and the back to the displays A-13 Troubleshooting
If the light the outlet Turn off and from the the outlet and to the If the connected to the properly. Connecting Chapter the instructions to to the and match, and, switches or the properly. Connecting Chapter and the that with and instructions. chosen the type the the Chapter If to the the type of and the and software. If EGA or VGA or another type of that to the J2 to the built-in VGA the the Chapter instructions. A-14 Troubleshooting If that graphics the
If with the and CRT or the Graphics and CRT C. If the the where bought the You the following with or If this or the following the If using or cards, to the of J1. This the whether or (J1 the factory.) If the incorrectly, of these Cl CRT Cl CRT If using of cards, J1 to the type. You to the the type of the Chapter instructions. to the the information. A-25 Troubleshooting
You the or the the from the and with the facing to the latch. Chapter instructions and If the the and to another of the type, the the other and the operation. If this the below. to the right type of Follow these of Drives Chapter information. A-16 Troubleshooting 1.2MB high- TPI You 360KB write to this 360KB 1.44MB high- TPI This type of and write to 720KB 360KB TPI You 1.2MB this 720KB TPI You 1.44MB this i/4-inch, double-sided, i/2-inch,
If the right type write-protected. On the MS-DOS Reference instructions formatting You incorrect type when the the to the instructions. of the following MS-DOS there write-protect the notch its or there On the write-protect switch to the write-protect or there switch. You write-protected function properly the write-protected. the information. Abort, Retry? reading writing If of these the properly the On the closed. the operation If the the and This the the seated properly the If the the MS-DOS COPY to the from the to MS-DOS Reference instructions.) Troubleshooting A-17
If there something with the MS-DOS or the information the incorrectly. This the of these of includes of other expected To the repairs, the MS-DOS CHKDSK. MS-DOS Reference instructions. You the following with or If this or with follow these the and C. If the If the further examination of sounds with A-18 Troubleshooting
If read/write heads dirty, this MS-DOS If with the of the following tl Reading Abort, Retry, or To the read/write heads, head cleaning from stores. cleaning too often cleaning heads. Troubleshooting A-19
The the of installation, or The this section three the the Accessing the the section that to cover the to the Accessing the If that (such as formatting the to back reformatting or repartitioning the the of COPY, XCOPY, and BACKUP MS-DOS Reference the If with newly-installed the following: If the that about the If the yourself, follow the instructions Chapter of this the instructions and the to correctly. the to they correctly. A-20 Troubleshooting
the (which already physically formatted), the following to the to as of the Chapter instructions.) If physically the (or initialized) and operating This type of the yourself. If the with its own that follow the instructions Format. that this physical type of from the software-based type of formatting commands (such as the MS-DOS SELECT or FORMAT commands). the below, information. the low-level to If with that the and the that connected the to the disconnected. If with its the built-in and the type through Chapter instructions. A-21 Troubleshooting
the MS-DOS, and MS-DOS. Step-by-step instructions these procedures MS-DOS If another operating follow the instructions that with If the correctly, to the the and MS-DOS (or another operating the operating to the to the operating from the when the If the properly and as the the instructions MS-DOS each the correctly If the Accessing the If and reduction performance, the the become You to back and then compaction to the information. If with back and physically the Then to MS-DOS and back the Format and MS-DOS Reference instructions. If or read/write the physical A-22 Troubleshooting
Software If with the following If the that the correctly and that following the the If and the directory that or specifying the directory. If the the top A). high or While properly the the speed. software to this the and the necessary. the Chapter instructions and information protected If MS-DOS command that to there type to MS-DOS to what These the to the If when type the Follow the instructions Chapter To MS-DOS while of the following commands: the Ctrl and C the Ctrl and A-23 Troubleshooting
to follow with If the and information, You of the following These appear with the to which connected. If connected to the the If correctly immediately that the and properly connected to the (Also, Chapter or Check the the DIP switch or These properly with the If than or than the know which the and which the secondary Chapter instructions to the and the If properly functioning, from the MS-DOS the displays the MS-DOS (such as C> or A>), and This should the of the A-24 Troubleshooting
Option Card If option and functioning properly, the following: If it to the internal of the (or To this, the MS-DOS MODE command or the MENU and the MS-DOS Reference (such as properly they to what required. the Interface) or the (RS-232C) C these If the the where bought the the option correctly? The with option the option well-seated its the Chapter and the instructions that with the option the DIP switches or the option option instructions. the the board? Chapter information. the to the Chapter A-25 Troubleshooting
that its option If and with that the leading from that to the board and the disconnected. If the option to to the to the to the option the back the procedures the software using with the option If necessary, software instructions the software If with of the following If of these that the securely connected to the and the Chapter information. A-26 Troubleshooting
Memory If memory to and that memory operating properly, the following: If the memory count the incorrect, or the correctly. They the they the type of SIMM, or they the their that the memory count include 128KB of the 2MB of memory.) to the or memory to memory Chapter instructions. If with write that appear and Math If math to operating properly, the following: the Reference and to that the math as the If as or the math incorrectly. and information. If to the yourself. If the Memory Chapter and followed the Troubleshooting A-27
to the yourself. information about that to If math as the to the that with the to or troubleshooting information. If with math the Reference C instructions. If math with its the that with and those also. A-28 Troubleshooting
Physically This to physically low-level this should confused with the the MS-DOS FORMAT command. The physical formatting of that usually the factory the If with factory-installed or optional already physically You only follow the instructions the MS-DOS to If that with its that to physically the You to the this chapter to physically of the following read/write or other serious with its becomes causing the to efficiently or You to the this You that the low-level and with its Physically formatting If reformatting to back the to MS-DOS Reference instructions B-1 Physically
If formatting necessary, to the the formatting and formatting the FDISK, SELECT, or FORMAT. physically or option or of the Format to MS-DOS. Follow the instructions MS-DOS The and the to (If another operating follow the instructions the that with Choosing the of Format Follow these to the formatting options: the Reference A. Turn or the The MS-DOS and displays the Press to highlight Format and The Format appears the Physically Formatting HARD DISK FORMAT MENU -Format
The type of choose whether reformatting that or formatting the first the below. Reformatting Used The formatting options as follows: Format first the and which to as Then the the and the they to the read/write or and the this option writes and reads the that You the that LI the without You the that formatted. If reformatting using that appears to follow these the to tracks. If the back to MS-DOS Reference instructions the Physically Formatting B-3
New with of the the You to the track to the tracks. Other (such as those with the already If formatting that the Format option to the Selecting Option using this often to option from There to this: You the arrow option and You type the of the option and Cl You option that appears the of these Starting the If than this Select the first or the Then the instructions below the Format option to Physically Formatting B-4 (T to highlight the
Option Format If -Format from the Format the following that (If the already the the to tracks.) to the or to the process. If Y, the the and displays these the process: You the head and as the the the displays the such as the following: Next the following Format Scan to (Y/N) information Scanning tracks... Head Scanning finished. Count of Count of with other Count of recommended sectors (Y/N) Physically B-5
to the sector the interleave factor) of other to this the that with the recommends To the Y. To N. You the following sectors from through that the sector the The sector the type. Then Next this recommended sectors head (Y/N) the recommended of another type of the recommended the the To the Y. To N. You the following sectors head from through which the sector the The sector the type. Then B-6
The allows to the At the of the this Select to to the track the section instructions. Select to the as Then the following section and to Formatting the B-9. the Defective Track Table If to the the following options the of the Defective Track Table to with track, C track, track, To track, follow these Head Head Head Head Head Defective Track Table: (Y/N) track (Y/N) Press A. You this Physically Formating B-7
the of the containing the track and You this the head the and To the operation, without appears the and the track, necessary. If the to the incorrect and C to the or to the from the the track as track. The and head and to the of the If or head of the of appears and the to the the tracks, without the the track the correct, F. The displays warning about the of proceeding with formatting. B-8 Physically Formatting head
the ready to formatting the the following warning: If to the N. If Y; the chance to Select to formatting (and backups) or to If with formatting, WARNING! ALL DATA WILL BE DESTROYED IN ALL PARTITIONS OF HARD DISK, NOT JUST IN MS-DOS PARTITION! to formatting (Y/N) DOUBLE CHECK THAT YOU HAVE BACKUP DISKETTE COPIES OF ALL YOUR FILES. to and (Y/N) Format started. Head B-9 Physically Formatting
You the head and as the formatting the and of these: Format finished. tracks... head Format completed. Press ENTER to to the Press to to the Format Option You of to tracks, and that If this the that the this reason, think that track causing first option to the The operates of writing, reading, and information every of the that already as tracks. B-10 Physically
To this from the Format You these the each track, it counts the to the the displays the of the including of that write, errors-such as the following: If the that the summary track with write, The followed this: Head Head Head Head Read/Save/Write/Read/Restore/Read tracks... finished. Count of Count of with write, Count of write, detected. Press ENTER to to the Confirm to the the Track Table as tracks. to the as tracks? (Y/N) Tracks B-11 Physically
To the as OU of the as they and these tracks... head Press ENTER to to the Press to to the Format Option The and to the of this To the from the Format You these tracks... the each track, counts the to the the displays the of the such as the following: finished. Count of Count of with read, Count of detected. B-12 Physically
If the the displays of the that to the the displays. the this the information displayed. Then to to the Format Exiting the Format To the Format The displays the If the with option or MS-DOS (or another operating the to the Reference from and then follow the instructions MS-DOS The installation and the If the the Reference from and the RESET to MS-DOS. Press ENTER to to the Physically B-13
C Performing This to the operation of the and peripheral of You these using the Reference the whether correctly. The the of this the testing. You the following each of which reference numbers: Memory and CRT graphics and CRT and Math interface) (RS-232C and Performing C-1
Starting To the or with the Reference A. If this other To the follow these the Reference A. Turn or the The appears. If the to off the function. Press or then the the peripheral that connected to the Then of the testing. This includes the that of DEVICE LIST Memory graphics and CRT and interface) (RS-232C and C-2 Performing to and DEVICE LIST (Y/N)
If the correctly highlighted and If from this or to the or the C-5. If the built-in VGA or EGA or VGA with should include item graphics and CRT. If the built-in VGA or EGA or VGA with should include item and CRT. the those items. If that to to the and o o MS-DOS, should the from or from the MS-DOS to MS-DOS. finished the Reference from A. If the Then to the commands the CONFIG.SYS and AUTOEXEC.BAT Performing C-3 and Then
Selecting Option using the to option from There to this: You the arrow to highlight the option and then to You type the of the option and to this the first option highlighted. If to that option, already highlighted). If to option or this the to to that option. Then to You to the currently and to the C Performing
the If from the to the and At the following N. You this To to the The displays of other that currently included the You to this: Highlight the item to and You as as necessary. the DEVICE LIST (Y/N) Additional DEVICE LIST and CRT Math to DEVICE LIST C-5
To from the The displays the Select the item to You as as necessary. the correct, The the and these If the correct, You ready to Selecting From the the to the to the You this of to
You specify that the or of the from to testing of functions only; once To the once, The of the To the You this Select to terminate the or to the of You this To the once, If to the than once, type the of and the of to choose from. Instead, the that to If chose to the than once, the the and then repeats them the You this the the tests: If while of the to terminate the (Y/N) to On Performing C-7
From If the that and and appear. If to the the You this of the (Y/N) To without the N. ready and Then Y. If the the following and appear: correctly. correctly (Y/N) Correct the and to or to the the displays this Printout finished. Press ENTER to to the The of the following It to the or If and terminating the the that caused the C-8 Performing
The below the the internal and optional You of the when appear of The displays the title of each the that the operation of or to to the to the the below the tests. of the and these the the of this Memory memory and displays memory count the and CRT Attribute Character Graphics Screen C-9 Performing the 80386SX of
and The following the and that appear testing. and board CPU ERROR ROM CHECKSUM ERROR TIMER COUNTER REGISTER ERROR TIMER COUNTER ERROR DMA CONTROLLER REGISTER ERROR REFRESH ERROR DMA PAGE REGISTER ERROR KEYBOARD CONTROLLER TIMEOUT ERROR KEYBOARD CONTROLLER SELF DIAGNOSTIC KEYBOARD CONTROLLER WRITE COMMAND INTERRUPT CONTROLLER ERROR CMOS SHUTDOWN BYTE ERROR CMOS BATTERY ERROR CMOS CHECKSUM ERROR CPU INSTRUCTION ERROR PROTECT MODE ERROR PROTECT MODE ERROR Memory MEMORY ERROR ERROR KEYBOARD ERROR KEYBOARD IS NON-STANDARD, OR KEYBOARD Performing C-12 ERROR ERROR IS DEFECTIVE
(continued) and option Read, C-11 Performing the of the to with the of the the secondary to the included loop-back
graphics and CRT and Math interface) (RS-232C) option Performing C-10 Attribute Character Graphics Light of operation of the the of the the back the back the secondary to
and and CRT graphics and CRT and DISKETTE DRIVE CONTROLLER ERROR Math ERROR IN ADAPTER CHECK ERROR IN ATTRIBUTE CHECK ERROR IN CHARACTER SET CHECK ERROR IN GRAPHICS MODE CHECK ERROR IN SCREEN PAGING CHECK ERROR IN LIGHT PEN CHECK ERROR IN VIDEO CHECK ERROR IN SYNC CHECK ERROR IN ADAPTER CHECK ERROR IN CHARACTER SET CHECK ERROR IN COLOR GRAPHICS CHECK ERROR IN SCREEN PAGING CHECK ERROR IN LIGHT PEN CHECK ERROR IN COLOR VIDEO CHECK ERROR IN SYNC CHECK SEQUENTIAL SEEK ERROR RANDOM SEEK ERROR WRITE ERROR READ ERROR DISK CHANGE CHECK REMOVE ERROR DISK CHANGE CHECK INSERT ERROR COPROCESSOR NOT INSTALLED COPROCESSOR INITIALIZE ERROR COPROCESSOR INVALID OPERATION MASK ERROR COPROCESSOR ST FIELD ERROR COPROCESSOR COMPARISON ERROR COPROCESSOR ZERO DIVIDE MASK ERROR COPROCESSOR ADDITION ERROR COPROCESSOR SUBTRACTION ERROR COPROCESSOR MULTIPLICATION ERROR COPROCESSOR PRECISION ERROR Performing C-13
interface) ERROR PIN (RS-232C ALWAYS LOW ALWAYS HIGH TIMEOUT ERROR VERIFY ERROR ALWAYS LOW ALWAYS HIGH TIMEOUT ERROR VERIFY ERROR and SEEK ERROR WRITE ERROR READ ERROR ERROR PIN ERROR PIN Performing C-24
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU memory ROM RAM RAM Math (optional) 80386SX clock or through software or memory 2MB RAM memory of 640KB Memory 256KB, 1MB, or 4MB to 14MB (or 128KB (includes BIOS and VGA BIOS) both ROM BIOS and ROM RAM A38202SX 32KB high-speed RAM 80387SX clock, and CMOS RAM Specifications D-1
Interfaces Option Supports to of four high-density, 1.2MB; /+-inch, 360KB; high-density, 1.44MB; or 720KB; board Supports to half-height interface VGA with 512KB DRAM memory) built board; to or to D-shell RS-232C, asynchronous; D-shell DIN, PS/2 or other DIN, PS/2 input/output (three ISA and ISA
software to VAC and to VAC VDC Amps, VDC Amps 140W, f&cooled, input VDC Amps, VDC Amps VDC Amps, seconds) to three half-height mount and mounts) of the following mounts externally): 1.2MB (high-density) capacity $inch 1.44MB (high-density) /,-inch 360KB capacity 720KB capacity
Function Non-operating Condition to to to C) to C) Humidity to to condensing) C) C) to half-height first mounted vertically, mounted QWERTY function factor to C) to to to C)
Physical Characteristics inches inches (without
or that the location where information memory. that to, or acts the Application software to such as or spreadsheet ASCII American Information characters, such as numbers, and graphic ASCII character of computers, and ASCII of which character to another that to to AUTOEXEC.BAT The batch that MS-DOS. Batch when
The that the to switch from high to when of or that should the or memory The memory the below 1MB that to MS-DOS and 640KB. memory or memory. Batch type of that of MS-DOS commands command. Batch text with the .BAT. batch each command type the MS-DOS the commands that sequentially. ROM Memory) that input/output functions of the operating Usually ROM BIOS. or The of The of the or of charge. To the operating the memory.
or of that character. memory high-speed type of memory that information from or memory where CGA Graphics type of that to of text with characters each graphics or four-color graphics Character that the or the includes numbers, and graphic CMOS Complementary type of Information the CMOS RAM, which backed battery. Whenever the searches CMOS RAM the information. of or instructions. software or of Command instruction (usually to to function.
Command The or that MS-DOS and ready to instructions. The displays the and directory. If C, the this: C:>. The of of typical consists of with and to when Ctrl and another the that instructs the to function. memory The memory to 640KB) MS-DOS and memory or memory. optional that the to mathematical Copy-protected type of that copied. copy-protected to the the while the to instead of high
CPU Processing Unit. The of the that instructions, the of and input and operations. Cursor The highlighted that shows the The of that read/write head. The of to the of the of heads. Information, such as or graphics, or which (as to or that when the turned or temporarily or the character or to of MS-DOS command.
of that of and such as or containing instructions that allow to and The 386SX/20 PLUS with that VGA features when with The and the to its internal and its DIP switch switch. switch option or that function. Directory of of directory shows the location, and of the the directory. directory both and The and The physical that allows the to from and write to which sealed protective
of coated with to permanently. board that of the option to the interface. The the the displays and graphics. the 386SX/20 PLUS, VGA built the board. known as DOS commonly operating that the input and type of that allows to as as the 360KB of 720KB of The of colon-for C: EGA Enhanced Graphics type of that allows to high-resolution graphics It to of text with characters each or or graphics to $-inch or
Expanded memory Memory that specially written MS-DOS with Expanded Memory (EMS) such as EMM386.SYS. Memory Memory 1MB that the protected of the 80386SX and to and operating of to three characters that to to of related of information records, or together Text of and of and to and instructions. to characters that MS-DOS to Format To (or to that information. Formatting and sectors and locations
Graphics and other The to amounts of It and than physical of such as or CPU. High-density type of that allows to than or $-inch high-density MB of high-density MB of Input/output (I/O) Interface physical or software to or Interlaced The which every other with each of its numbered and This achieves of the while the
Interleave factor The of physical sectors that the when reading sectors the track. factor of that the the sectors. that the sequentially. that option or the board to function. containing copy-protected that the while the (KB) to memory or One bytes. LIM EMS of the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification-a that allows to memory that MS-DOS The built containing the that the to Math optional that the to mathematical
MCGA Graphics This CGA as as two-color and MDA type of that displays text only such as or (MB) to memory or One 1024KB. to (of internal clock). second. The 386SX/20 PLUS operates or operating Memory The where Memory (ROM) or temporary (RAM). Memory that memory chips. You 256KB, 1MB, or 4MB memory to the board the to the memory. memory commonly SIMM memory Memory The memory option the
MGA Graphics type of that and graphics the of CPU that allows to and The of that the and displays information. that displays such as or as to which with or buttons. the the the the MS-DOS Microsoft The operating commonly with
that allows and This type of of and to the graphics Network The which the other to The write to and from the other the Network optional that security that operating as the built-in VGA that refreshes the the from top to The to the right of the The which the commands. The 386SX/20 PLUS or operating of (such as MS-DOS, MS OS/2, or that operations. The operating the and input and
Option the to such as The type of interface that the of Interface and to that MS-DOS what to and information such as what to and where to or Parity to the of that the of the or parity. The operating to sections or You and or Pathname The of and to the pathname the SALES, which located the subdirectory BUSINESS of the directory BUSINESS SALES. Peripheral (such as or connected to that the its operation.
physical input/output where peripheral that the to its internal and each The of characters type the to and to characters and include numbers, and that instructions and what to and to Prompt the displays to information or what action to Command Access Memory. The of the memory to and while RAM when off or the to or
To from to another. when text the reads the from the and displays the Read/write head The physical that reads and records the of clock battery-powered clock the that track of the and when the turned off. To operating or operating information RAM. RGB type of ROM Memory. of memory that and temporary ROM its when off the directory The directory MS-DOS, (backslash). other of the directory or of other
C used, type of interface. You easily RS-232C to the built-in Sector section of that which the The to its The type of interface that Interface and RAM The the 386SX/20 PLUS that the to the ROM BIOS and ROM the RAM of memory to processing. SIMM Memory Software The that to the and Subdirectory directory or of that branches from another subdirectory or from the directory.
VGA of the built-in VGA when and These include text and to Switch option to MS-DOS that the the Switches the IS switch to FORMAT command, MS-DOS the operating the as of the to the functioning correctly. that the operating Tracks resembling the record, which to the areas. There each of 1.2MB, 1.44MB, or 720KB and each of 360KB The of its capacity. VGA Graphics type of high-resolution The VGA built the of graphics to or graphics to
that of the option to interface. with built-in VGA to to this interface. To To the from write-protect the notch the of or the write-protect switch write-protected, or its F/4-inch
light light TURBO light RESET or release
EPSON Overseas Locations EPSON Inc. EPSON CA U.S.A. EPSON S.A. EPSON B.P. Phone: EPSON PTE. LTD. Phone: EPSON Branch 10F, NO. E. Road, EPSON S. MI, EPSON UK Hempstead, Hertfordshire, HP2 7EZ, U.K. (LINKLINE) F.R. Rodborough Road, N.S.W. EPSON 25/F., Harbour Harbour Road, Phone: EPSON IBERICA, S.A. SEIKO EPSON Corporation Office) (SEPSON J)
America, Inc. CA