This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS FOR CANADIAN USERS WARNING
EPSON
America or warranties, or implied, or with to this and warranties of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of information contained While every the of this publication, America responsibility or from the of the information this publication and to without of Corporation. of America, Inc. Other and of their respective Copyright America, Inc. California IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the cleaning. cloth cleaning, cleaners or cleaners. this this or and the and the back or these or covered. This should or or heat This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or to properly grounded (earthed) outlets. If to the the to outlets the as or that switch and off. this where the If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the outlet of this through the of the as specifically the to service this yourself. servicing to service
this from the and servicing to service the following A. the or B. If the C. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions, of other and to the to operation. D. If the or the E. If the performance.
Introduction The 386SX/16 PLUS high-performance which offers and 80386SX includes 2MB of internal memory, built-in VGA graphics built-in and interfaces, and IBM@ PS/2 These interfaces allow to of peripheral directly to the to option The 386SX/16 PLUS four option (three and which such as or to three internal and or and Additionally, offers RAM to the ROM BIOS and the ROM the RAM of memory. This allows the to and information Optional You easily memory and about optional that with the IBM Computer, PC XT, or PC AT. memory to the board, the memory to 24MB. The first 16MB as or expanded memory; memory 16MB as expanded. Introduction
You to 80387SX, math to mathematical with authorized information optional and Other Software You of MS-DOS to with operating with MS-DOS, OS/2, UNIX or XENIX. If another operating to the that with to and You the IBM PC, PC XT, PC AT, or 386SX/16 PLUS. VGA included VGA and that with built-in VGA With these of VGA features such as graphics to and text The VGA and the VGA that with Introduction
to This This to and options, and Although the with instructions 3%inch included. You to everything this the following chapter instructions On the back foldout the of to these as Chapter to the SETUP to this You to it the Chapter instructions operating such as and and Chapter to performance. Chapter of the options and instructions the cover, the battery, and the technical the to and This covers operating instructions to MS-DOS MS-DOS instructions and the Introduction
C the to troubleshooting At the of the and Where to If purchased the United States, America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the Consumer Assistance locating Authorized or Service Technical with the installation, and operation of products CI technical information service Product with technical specifications and products of ribbons, and Customer Relations. Introduction
386SX/16 PLUS easy. follow the this chapter. to this back cover foldout to the the The this the with 5-inch If 3-inch instead, and instructions Chapter Choosing Location
to choose location that the following: or enough to the of and of its Soft and electricity, which the and inches of around the freely. Select cool, and from humidity, and sunlight or other of heat. To charges, to three-hole, grounded outlets. You outlet the the and outlets and other peripheral interference. too to such as telephone, which field.
the Protector Card If 5%inch there the This the factory to the read/write heads the To the to the as shown below; then (If to the from the If to the to This the read/write heads the process.
Connecting The to the the type of If VGA (or with to the built-in VGA the VGA Interface below. If other type of Card the VGA Interface Follow these to VGA to the VGA the turned off. top of or the easy access, the and around the of both facing If necessary, the to the permanently attached
the of the and the to match the of the with Then the the as shown below. If the screws, to them. II To the to the when the screws
the the as shown below. the other of the
Card If using to of the option the already the If the to follow the instructions Chapter to option first, the following to and properly matched. I- (MDA) graphics (MCA) Enhanced graphics (EGA) graphics graphics (CGA) or EGA graphics (MGA) Enhanced graphics (EGA)* EGA EGA the to switches or the properly. to switch to or the that with or instructions. If J1 the to the built-in VGA interface that as the You to J3 to whether or Chapter instructions
Once to this section to to the If with its own follow the instructions there. follow the the VGA Interface the instead of the built-in VGA Connecting or Other both and interfaces. To or other peripheral to of these interfaces, follow the instructions below. the Interface The interface and DB-25S To and IBM If which with Once the right follow these the to the with their facing
One of the the to match the of the interface with shown the below). Then the the as shown below. If the screws, them or with screwdriver, the screw type. screws
the other of the to the as shown below. To the the each of the and them the three-hole, grounded
the Interface If or other peripheral with interface, to the (RS-232C) the back of the The DB-9P To follow the as connecting the the with as shown below. You to that the functions properly. If using the to redirect to the instead of the To this, the MS-DOS MODE or SETMODE command. MS-DOS Reference instructions.
Connecting the Follow these to the the the the housing the the with as shown below. Although the and physically they interchangeably. to the the
You the the the To the of the turn and each as shown below. Connecting the IBM PS/2 that DIN If this type of to the built-in If that interface to the built-in or option to the interface. To to the built-in the oriented properly with the the the with as shown the following
Although the and physically they interchangeably. to the the Once connected to commands to MS-DOS CONFIG.SYS to to MS-DOS Reference and the that with instructions. If to or other connected to option the built-in the of J4. Chapter instructions.
Connecting the Cord Follow these to the cord: the the AC the back as shown below. the other of the three-hole, grounded WARNING To shock, to the the the
Turning On the ready to the first, the following to or yourself: or when the the with the off or while light This the least seconds off the This allows the to clear and its memory. or of its the of off the the cord, and seconds the cover. the cover to internal memory, or the battery. Follow these to the the AC the back of the and three-hole, grounded Turn around the front and other that Choosing Location, typical Turn the and other peripheral connected to the
To the the located the right of the front as shown below. The to the lights seconds, the counts the amount of memory and then This of the each to everything correctly. If necessary, the to the brightness and characters the clear and of intensity. If and to them to the If or to such as to to the first
the completed its the following Press to SETUP If MS-DOS already to the information about the operating MS-DOS or Reference If there operating the Follow the instructions below to off the and then to Chapter instructions the SETUP Turning the ready to off the of followed to Turn off the first, then off the and peripheral to Chapter and follow the instructions to the SETUP
the SETUP the first to the SETUP to This which least once. You to of The SETUP the computers read-only memory (ROM), the or You to or the SETUP or the following: and of of of testing function RAM function CPU clock EMS interface the
The through SETUP of memory CMOS RAM. This memory backed battery, when off or the Whenever the the and it the information the CMOS RAM and to SETUP. You such as the following: CMOS memory RUN SETUP UTILITY Press <F1> to RESUME Press F1 to SETUP and the Starting the SETUP To the SETUP there the then (If the already the RESET the front to the its the following Press to SETUP as this the If within seconds, the the operating and to SETUP. If this the and try You the following operating SETUP The first option highlighted. Press SETUP, and then The SETUP appears the the to highlight
The displays the memory the memory and whether math installed. Additionally, the SETUP the Selecting highlights the currently selected. You through the using the four arrow or to and the information appears the of the the options or other to to the highlighted The of this chapter to choose the SETUP the and The clock tracks the and when the turned off. Once the and SETUP, should to to the necessary. (The the years.) The month highlighted and the right of the screen shows the the month. The flashing. Press or to the month, and To the the to the and or to the hour and to 24-hour clock. would hour You the of seconds. reach to the
the Drive(s) with You another or the existing with of or capacity. The SETUP offers selections (A and B): 1.2MB 360KB 1.44MB 720KB Not the both and them necessary. (If Not B.) the 59Linch 5/4-inch 3%inch 3%inch
the Drive(s) The SETUP the type of If the first C and the D. to choose the both Follow these If Not C and D. If Not D. If with 40MB (or this yourself), C. Cl If another type of to the type that matches below. If that the 40MB (type to the type to match The following the of this and the with to the type should the necessary to this If of the match own type, below. the
the
type If the its match of the the type. Follow these With the the type option, or to through the to USER TYPE. the to the these the of the Head the of read/write heads the the the (the which the the heads when the HDSIT the of sectors the the amount of capacity the the
Press each If the and to the and You SETUP this based the other the This option the type of using Cl VGA or EGA that this option the (the built-in VGA or optional interface the connected to If connected to the built- VGA VGA or EGA. follow these to the type: If graphics (CGA) or graphics (MGA) attached to RGB to the switch the MGA to If (MDA), MGA, or MGA attached to choose to the switch the MGA to the
If such as with input, selecting If that the SETUP and If of types, the the to The other secondary EGA or VGA or another type of that to the J1 the board to the built-in VGA interface. If the type of to J3 to or If of cards, the to match the that: Chapter instructions the Function There options the function: or Not Select the to the operation of the each or Select Not the to the to as the the
the RAM RAM memory) than ROM (read-only memory). The RAM the 386SX/16 PLUS to the of its BIOS and/or ROM RAM operations The SETUP RAM option choose what to the RAM and Select memory or that its RAM which or Select to the RAM function. RAM 128KB of the RAM 640KB and 1MB (384KB). If the RAM 256KB of this memory as or memory. If RAM, of the 384KB of RAM as memory, 256KB of as expanded memory, Expanded Memory 640KB Chapter information. the
the CPU Clock This option the which operates when High high the TURBO light the front At high memory You should high everything using that the ones) when You the to automatically. This the to switch to whenever it to high other operations. Select High or to the switch to when necessary. You to the copy-protected the Chapter information. to selecting the operating through SETUP, the temporarily or the ESPEED the Chapter information. the
EMS The EMS option to the amount of memory to as expanded. Expanded memory conforming to the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification (LIM EMS). The 386SX/16 PLUS with of the LIM EMS. Once the expanded memory with the EMS option, to memory to the memory to expanded memory. with memory and there of other memory If already memory (such as the with MS-DOS), should that with EMS If another memory the EMM386SX.SYS memory which Reference Memory 640KB Chapter instructions. The amount of memory appears the information You of to as expanded memory of 256KB. the
with 2MB of memory, of the following as expanded memory: tl 0KB 256KB Cl 512KB Cl 768KB CL 1024KB CI 1280KB. the The SETUP optional to who If to this section. Once through SETUP, every or the RESET If correctly, To the to the option. Next to Not (If already Installed.) Press or to the following: New the
type the to You type to characters the or or lowercase. the following: You the backspace to type the to the or write and If to the the If however, there to the function. information. or If to the highlight the option and or to New Then as To the or to Not to (as the of this chapter) when the SETUP the
the Interfaces This option the following built-in interfaces (LPT1, LPT2, LPT3) (COM1 or COM2) (HDC) tl (FDC). the Interface The built-in to as the (LPT1). If option that interface, to LPT2 or LPT3 the built- Follow these If the built-in LPT1. LPT1 to the built-in the If that to as the or that to the LPT2. IBM interface the the the and to LPT2 the built-in tl If and them to and secondary, LPT3. If three and to the built-in to the to the to (LPT1, LPT2, or LPT3). the
the Interface The built-in to as the (COM1). If option that that becomes secondary (COM2). the the to COM1, COM2 the built-in If (or cards) that and them to as the and secondary the built-in to the to whether the to or secondary. the If using the that with the (HDC) and (FDC) should to option that or to the built-in selections SETUP, to You the following Press to to the to Press and to the the CMOS RAM. Press and to SETUP without the SETUP (Y/N)?
If the SETUP and the through its tests. If something however, and to SETUP. Follow the instructions the to SETUP to (You to the If SETUP the first the thing to MS-DOS MS-DOS instructions. (If using operating follow the instructions with the
the
Chapter This chapter the following MS-DOS or another operating CI the Cl or the and MS-DOS or Another the of and the SETUP the operating If MS-DOS, follow the instructions MS-DOS If another operating such as MS OS/2 or UNIX, the that with that instructions and using The this that MS-DOS with to of operating
the when MS-DOS or The the below. functions the from lower- to back to lowercase when The the top of the and the the of the affected. characters or the top the when with the character lowercase characters when the function Ctrl Works with other to such as operations MS-DOS and Works with other to character or tBackspace the back the character to the of the of input or command. (Ins) the function and off. the character the Home, location. It the to the right and to the -+I
F1-F12 YS Break The and as the once to function and to turn off. the function the light the right of the Command of You to or while to or operation. If MS-DOS command that to of the following commands: the Ctrl and C Cl the Ctrl and the function of the from to positioning the back when the or operation. within Prints the the function with the operation. Terminates the operation (when with
These If to the as below. It to off the to or command. If created and the off the The its memory (RAM) the each off or the the Occasionally, to clear the or its memory without turning off. You this the and the to to MS-DOS and memory that necessary. the as to classify and when them the If the without properly exiting To the MS-DOS the or A; the A.
There to the If MS-DOS, Ctrl and and the The and then the should MS-DOS. If try the Press the RESET the front This when the to If the the to off and from the Turn off the and seconds. If the A. Then turn the If when the SETUP the or the RESET Follow these to If A. Turn the or RESET. the its memory the screen displays the following the The the characters type. Then type the correctly and the Press to SETUP If the MS-DOS and displays the MS-DOS
If the the first and If to or the SETUP Chapter instructions. and The allow to and then and This section and to: of and and and Format of coated with This that slightly (5-inch or (3-inch and It sealed protective to free of and the that and capacity.
tracks, and sectors. Double-sided both On each tracks, which further sectors, which to The below of and sectors. Double-sided, or each and double-sided, high-density each or sectors track. consists of or top of another and four or than the of the of the The of sectors the type of
the read/write heads to and To write to the the to the that the where the to written the read/write head. where the read/write head magnetically, and as record, and of The following the four of and which to with them: 1.44MB 3%inch, double-sided, high-density, TPI, 1.44MB These sectors track, and to 1.44MB of information, which of 1.2MB 5?&inch, high-density, TPI inch), 1.2MB These sectors track, and to 1.2MB of information, which approximately of 720KB 3M-inch, TPI, 720KB These sectors track, and to 720KB of information, which of MB which 1024KB (or bytes). KB which bytes. Each character, such as A, or
360KB You Formatting this section. and If than type of or of to of the and of the type and 3%-inch 5%inch or There using that the as the The following the and 1/4--inch type from and write to 360KB 360KB, 320KB, 180KB, 160KB 1.2MB 1.2MB, 360KB*; 320KB*, 180KB*, 160KB* If write to this 1.2MB to or write to 360KB type from and write to 720KB 720KB 1.44MB 1.44MB, 720KB 5%inch, TN, 360KB (You 160KB or 180KB These and or sectors track. With sectors track, to 320KB. With sectors track, to 360KB of information, which of B-inch
of these the type and when (Usually this information appears the If of the MB, 1.2MB, 720KB, or 360KB), from to another-using COPY or as the type each You these commands to and type of the MS-DOS DISKCOPY to from to another the the type. about copying and MS-DOS Reference and Follow these to and If that to write or write- This operating and protecting below, from the or or off the while the light This light that the copying to or from If this process, off the from and of or scratch the and the read/write heads Cl or try to
Dont the or or heat. from such as telephones, and that information magnetically.) top of or 5?4inch its protective and the the read/write The top of and they and the type and the only the top of to the top of another; this to and the the to the If to write that already the only or their protective and location, such as or them top of each other.
Write-protecting You write-protect to its from write-protected, and from or If to write-protected MS-DOS displays To write-protect 5%inch cover the notch (shown below) with write- usually included of notch To the write protection, off the write-protect 5%inch write-protect
On 3%inch the write-protect switch the back of the the right corner, shown below. To write-protect 3%?-inch the switch the of the it clicks exposing the corner. To the write protection, the switch the of the clicks and the covered. notch or switch they permanently write-protected. This protects them from or -write-protect switch
MS-DOS the to least and displays and accordingly. Usually, MS-DOS the first (the top as and as B. If MS-DOS as both and when to operations that normally to from to B, MS-DOS the from the first the (which A) to the memory. Then MS-DOS to another B) and the from memory to the copying to the (A). often this to which which. It to write-protect protecting If and the operating and from the and there, and the copying to or from and to that to the operating as as the operating (the and the operating this to the memory (RAM) to the the Then the and to that memory, instructions.
and If 5%inch as follows: the with the facing and the read/write leading the as shown below. the the the Then the to This the and the read/write heads the to the to first the light off. Then the and the its protective and location, such as
If 1/2-inch the with the facing and the leading the as shown the following the the clicks to the the light off; then the release the and properly. or or off the while light You Also, to off the release
the FORMAT command. the that MS-DOS write You to this once, the the first You previously to This the the to of the MS-DOS Reference instructions the FORMAT command. It to of and (or of that such as MS-DOS, Reference, and then the the from Also, regularly, whenever them and them from If to the and regularly. of You MS-DOS Reference instructions the following commands: You the COPY or XCOPY to or of You the DISKCOPY command to of Cl You the BACKUP command to back to BACKUP or of than COPY or XCOPY.
to the 40MB as as thirty-three 1.2MB and 100MB as as approximately eighty-two 1.2MB operations You and the the of to The capacity easy to back and forth and However, because easy to and to trying to of MS-DOS related together and they easy to and MS-DOS Reference instructions and and the MS-DOS to the While the to back to of and copying the to the the to them to whenever them to
Caring Follow these to from and to off or the when the light This light that the copying to or from the If this process, to the The sealed to from to the HDSIT to the as below. the If to to location, to the HDSIT Reference the the HDSIT (or the read/write heads to the that and them securely This protects the from the including their heads when off the If this, or that to HDSIT. Follow these to HDSIT: the Reference A. Then type and to that the following and HDSIT
You the that the read/write heads the or the off and The the heads and the and off the You ready to to the location. to the following from the Reference to Then, when to HDSIT, the directory where the type HDSIT, and MS-DOS Reference instructions the COPY command. If to the to to the read/write heads. HDSIT.COM HDSIT.VER and the
Chapter Operations This chapter to the following to the of CI AUTOEXEC.BAT and other batch Ci the memory 640KB the VGA AUTOEXEC.BAT and Other Batch to using MS-DOS and that there commands to frequently. You the of these commands them batch type the of the batch and MS-DOS the commands the as typed each from the If that as text-only ASCII to batch You the MS-DOS COPY or EDLIN command, or text to the One batch that useful AUTOEXEC.BAT. Every MS-DOS the AUTOEXEC.BAT and each of the commands. Enhancing Operations
MS-DOS, AUTOEXEC.BAT To the or with the COPY or EDLIN command, text or that as text-only to the AUTOEXEC.BAT and the directory of the or from which MS-DOS. MS-DOS Reference information about creating and batch the high and High On high, the memory than to high the SETUP the to or the to automatically. You should high everything However, and the software to this the copy-protected the to while the These usually to disk-the that the protection-in the If copy-protected to to to when the and to high when finished. Enhancing Operations
There of copy-protected the type or to the to Follow these If copy-protected that only or that to the high If this to the to automatically. If cant the high, the to automatically. If using copy-protected that to the the to while the Once the to high, where should to while and the There three to the the SETUP the ESPEED If that the to or the when SETUP to the instructions. If these only occasionally, should the commands or the ESPEED below) to the If this and the and then to high to the to automatically. Operations
You the of the commands shown the following commands To these commands, the Ctrl and the and then the or the or the or the or the You the commands while the of the commands another function, to the that the Ctrl command to the Ctrl to the to Another to the ESPEED below. The the RESET or off the or using the SETUP another command, or the ESPEED Enhancing Operations
the ESPEED ESPEED easy to the the Ctrl commands or to include the batch The ESPEED with the Reference If Reference and the command to the If the ESPEED.COM from Reference and the from there. information to the ESPEED type the following the MS-DOS command and You this The the switches should to the to high or to type the following and To the back to high, this command: ESPEED Format: ESPEED CPU to High to ESPEED ESPEED CHILI?] Operations
To the CPU type ES ED and You the following: To the when this the or then to The the ESPEED command, or the SETUP or the RESET or turn off the the ESPEED command batch You to the ESPEED including the batch SLOWDOWN which include the following commands batch to the SLOWDOWN You the batch SLOW.BAT. Whenever to the SLOWDOWN the A. Then type LOW and The the to and the SLOWDOWN MS-DOS Reference instructions creating and batch Operations ESPEED SLOWDOWN
Expanded Memory 640KB The 386SX/16 PLUS with 2MB of memory. MS-DOS and that MS-DOS the first 640KB of memory. You memory 1MB as memory to 16MB) or memory to 24MB). RAM 128KB of the RAM 640KB and 1MB (384KB). If the RAM 256KB of this memory as or expanded memory. If RAM, of the 384KB of RAM as memory 256KB of as expanded memory (to allow the expanded memory Expanded memory (such as that the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory (LIM EMS). To of expanded memory, to memory to the memory to expanded memory. If another memory (such as HIMEM), the Reference EMM386SX.SYS. Follow the below. the SETUP to the amount of memory to as expanded memory. EMS Chapter instructions. Copy the EMM386SX.SYS from Reference to the directory of (or the Operations
to the CONFIG.SYS to include the memory as as the section. The CONFIG.SYS MS-DOS to the the CONFIG.SYS If that as text-only ASCII to the memory to the CONFIG.SYS Follow these the CONFIG.SYS and the following command information optional EMM386SX.SYS below. Enhancing Operations DEVICE=EMM386SX.SYS the EMM386SX.SYS to directory other than the directory as as that directory PATH AUTOEXEC.BAT or include the pathname the DEVICE= command EMM386SX.SYS the directory \DRV C, include the this: DEVICE=C:\DRV\EMM386SX.SYS If to of expanded memory to with the MS-DOS VDISK to the EMM386SX.SYS the VDISK CONFIG.SYS MS-DOS Reference information about VDISK.
the as ASCII text the If of ASCII text CONFIG.SYS the MS-DOS EDLIN or COPY CON command, or text MS-DOS Reference instructions. EMM386SX.SYS options You include optional the DEVICE= command to the the memory The below the EMM386SX.SYS EMM386SX.SYS /D the or or the of ID to EMM386SX.SYS or The whether EMM386SX.SYS to expanded memory each the It the include the EMM386SX.SYS to expanded memory each the memory to from expanded memory Operations
The 64KB EMM386SX.SYS. The from to to of the following to specify of the following to CONFIGSYS The the of (or ID to EMM386SX.SYS. The the of to The The memory to from EMM386SX.SYS. The first the of the and the the Operations DEVICE-EMM386SX.SYS /M4
EMM386SX.SYS from that ROM and RAM. If option such as that the memory C000 through E000, include the the DEVICE= to this memory from memory information about memory, Memory A. the VGA built-in VGA graphics both VGA and with The VGA operates VGA without that VGA features, to or of the the that with You to the VGA to VGA features such as these: to graphics with text Cl Graphics the built-in VGA Operations
You the VGA the to of other of VGA to of the VGA such as the following: VGAMODE text text-based such as Wordstar and WordPerfect. SETVGA SNOOZE The VGA and the VGA that with Operations the built-in VGA to the operation of other such as and CGA off VGA when specified of
and You the performance of of options, including the following: Option Memory math option to function. option such as or interface, such as to which to This chapter to option and with them. Memory memory modules)-allow to increase the amount of memory This chapter the and amounts of If to memory to to You however, follow the instructions this chapter to them yourself. It to memory optional memory memory to of option to memory. memory memory than memory and
math the when software. If purchase math to to easily. If to yourself, follow the this chapter. This chapter to the the You to of options or to the operates. If to the clock and CMOS RAM, follow the instructions this To the battery, or of the options to the cover from the You to the subassembly. to the this chapter or the Removing the To internal to the cover. Follow these Turn off the and then peripheral (including the and the from the outlet and from the back Then that connected to the including the If the top of the off and to and
Turn the around facing the back The cover screw the back as shown below. Turn the screw counterclockwise to the cover. The the back of the cover the corners. Press both and then the cover from the back You might from the grounding the of the cover. and
the from the front of the to completely Then of the the of the back as shown below, to ground and shock. WARNING to ground to the back of the every the cover. If properly grounded, shock when and Removing
the If or to the operates, to the that of the The the factory; however, the following functions the or the built-in VGA or the function the to or or the built-in If to follow the instructions this section. and
the The below shows the locations of the board. where the the It and the A) or and the B), as shown below. &$$B To from to the other, or to off its and to the and II II @B @B
The following the and their Factory B* B* A* A* the built-in VGA option as the built-in VGA the function the function the built-in the built-in or other connected to option the IRQ9 the built-in VGA the IRQ9 option and Removing
If to follow these option that to the instructions. the option Option Card Follow the instructions to the cover. the Battery with lithium that the clock and the CMOS RAM. The clock of the and the CMOS RAM the information about that the SETUP This approximately three to years. If when or to the If to the yourself, follow the instructions this section. the the information the CMOS RAM and the the clock. the battery, the SETUP to and the clock. and Removing
If necessary, follow the instructions to the cover. Then follow these to the battery: Turn the that the front facing The attached to the of the the front as shown below. To the from the board, the CN1, as shown below. and
and The attached to the with the from the of the as shown below. Then the from its and the and the CN1. Then to the of the as shown below.
the to CN1. Follow the to the computers cover. Then the SETUP to and the the clock. Chapter instructions. and CN1
Option Card four option three and Each option You option from authorized as as other This section to option If to option (to memory or math Removing Option Card instructions. Nate or option the of this chapter information about The below shows the four option and option
through option and below, the Usually which option as as the fits the follow these when which to with the If the as as to the option the instructions that with the to this the option option and
Follow these to option If already the cover from the instructions.) If option that to the of J4 the the If to the of J1, J3, and J5. instructions. the screw from the top of the option cover; to the screw the the cover. the screw to the option to the the cover the option and WARNING the cover, the back of the to ground and shock.
Unpack the option and switches or necessary. the option instructions.) the to of the the or the If to top of its with the facing the the the the top corners and the as shown below. the the straight Once the reach the the to You should the If the smoothly, force the and straight as the to that seated the the of the and
the of the to the back of the with the screw. Follow the instructions the of this chapter to the cover. Then Post-installation following that section. Option Card If to option follow these the cover from the instructions. the screw the to the back of the and straight and of the the with the facing or the preferably with the and it its the option with the and with the screw. and
If option that to the of J4 the board. If to the of J1, J3, and J5. instructions. the cover. instructions. the Subassembly You to the subassembly to the SIMM and the math board. The subassembly the casing that the and the supply, as shown below. subassembly and
Follow these to the subassembly: the front from the slightly the three the top of the and it Then If the connected to the board the of the subassembly, as shown below. and
the and straight to from the the The connected to the the the To the subassembly from the front of the thumbs the and the top of the with the of as shown the following (If the thumbs that instead.) and
the front of the subassembly, as shown below. back the subassembly and the supply connected to the right of the board, as shown below. each straight the and Removing
the subassembly of the and Memory with 2MB of memory directly the board. memory increase the memory to 24MB. The first 16MB as or expanded; memory 16MB as expanded. You 256KB, 1MB, or 4MB as this section. the following to that they properly: that of or the the The 386SX/16 PLUS industry SIMM; however, should SIMM option to and compatibility. the SIMM to the amount of memory the the Once the or them If to them yourself, follow the instructions this section. and Removing
Memory There SIMM the board three consisting of each. The SIMM1 through SIMM6. The following shows the SIMM that below. that 2MB of memory directly the board. SIMM the 386SX/16 PLUS SIMM1 SIMM2 SIMM3 SIMM4 SIMM5 SIMM6 memory 3MB 4MB 5MB 6MB 8MB 10MB 11MB 12MB 18MB 20MB 24MB 1=1MBSIMM If this amount of memory, 16MB of as memory. memory 16MB as expanded memory. If 24MB of memory the the 2MB of memory board. and
Follow these to SIMM: the cover. the subassembly. The SIMM located the front of the board the math as shown below. SIMM2 math SIMM and Removing SIMM6
the the to the right of the board first. each SIMM the notch its the front of the and the of the as shown below. the SIMM and, the the top of the SIMM to the right and
Removing Memory If to memory from or follow the below. If them yourself, the to from the It to there of there of and and the cover. instructions. the subassembly. The SIMM should the and the If smoothly, force it the and the SIMM the and that the the through the both and each SIMM to the subassembly. instructions. Follow the to the cover. Then Post-installation instructions with memory. and
The SIMM located the front of the board the math as shown below. and math SIMM SIMM1 SIMM2 SIMM4 IMM3 SIMM6
the the to the of the board first. or screwdrivers to the that the SIMM each to the too or they each SIMM to the subassembly. Follow the to the cover. Then Post-installation instructions with memory. the the SIMM to the the SIMM release the and from the and
Math the board to 80387SX, math and graphic displays when using software. It to math that easily incorrectly. If yourself, to the that with Then follow the this section to to of the instructions and or the or To electricity and math stationary when follow these to math the cover. instructions. the subassembly. the from its and and Removing
The math located the front of the the SIMM as shown below. The math hollow and and notch the corner, as shown below. math notch and
The math notch corner, as shown below. the notched of the with the notched of its The notched the to properly, its to the Gently the the as shown below. and notch If the the permanently and the the board. A80370X-16 SX106 L9450188 INTEL@@
the subassembly. Follow the to the cover. Then Post-installation instructions with math Removing Math If to from You extracting to the without to without this easily Follow the earlier this chapter to the subassembly. Then the with the and the subassembly and the cover. the the SETUP to without Chapter instructions. If the smoothly, force the and it straight as It completely when the of the with the of the the and Removing
the Subassembly Follow the below to the subassembly Notice that there four mounting the back of the subassembly: the corners and the corners. and
There four the back of the which the the subassembly the subassembly from and the back the the top the subassembly the top the and
the front of the subassembly and the they the subassembly and its Then the supply P4 and P5. and as shown below. and Removing There supply the right of the the back) that both of the supply as shown below. supply
supply P4 the the the right of the with the the back of the the the with the the and then the supply P5 to the the using the If correctly the with the the severely when the and
the front of the subassembly the that four the back of the the the subassembly as and
the and (The slightly than the the back of each to know which which. the the front of the subassembly the the front of the the the and the with the the front of the If necessary, the the subassembly and
Both the and located the the of the subassembly, as shown below. subassembly Both notch the first. shown below, there of the and notch
the the To the front the three its the three notches the of the as shown below. the front the the top of the touch the Then the top of the clicks Follow the to the cover. Then Post-installation instructions the with the the the with the notch the the the the the and then the If correctly the with the severely when the and
the Cover Follow these to the cover: Facing the back of the the cover that the with three the from as shown below. the three the three notches the back of the front of the and
the back of the cover the and of the cover to tight Turn the screw the back clockwise to the cover to the the to the and other peripheral Then the to the back of the and to Post-installation Memory Cards optional memory to to Follow these Cl the SETUP to to include the memory memory instructions. CL the that with memory to the with memory instructions. and Removing
If to of the memory as expanded memory, Expanded Memory 640KB Chapter Post-installation below, information with option Post-installation or options such as memory math or to the SETUP to the information. to the know the type of Chapter instructions. If the the clock and CMOS RAM, SETUP to and the clock. Chapter If memory and to of as expanded memory, Expanded Memory 640KB Chapter instructions. If that (such as to the the that with and then, necessary, follow the instructions C to If and to MS-DOS or another operating from that to the operating MS-DOS or the that with operating instructions. and Removing
If optional memory the that with to the with the memory instructions. Additionally, to commands to MS-DOS Reference and the that with optional instructions. You to newly-installed option. options with their and the Reference to the following: memory Cl and and C instructions. and Removing
and
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU memory ROM RAM Math (optional) Battery 80386SX clock or memory 2MB RAM 256KB, 1MB, or 4MB to 24MB (the first 16MB or expanded memory; 16MB expanded memory); SIMM or 128KB (includes BIOS and VGA BIOS) ROM BIOS and ROM RAM through SETUP 80387SX, clock, and CMOS RAM 3.6V lithium battery; Specifications
Interfaces Option A-2 Specifications Supports to of four 360KB; 3%inch, high-density, 1.44MB; 3?&inch, 720KB; Supports to interface VGA with 256KB of memory; to or RS-232C, asynchronous; D-shell directional; D-shell DIN, PS/2 or other DIN, PS/2 input/output (three ISA and ISA high-density, 1.2MB;
Other 145W, fan-cooled VAC to VAC, to VDC Amps, VDC Amps VDC Amps, VDC Amps Three half-height mount and mounts) the following types: 5%~inch 1.2MB (high-density) 3%inch 1.44MB (high-density) capacity S&inch 360KB 3U-inch 720KB 3Sinch factor to height the first mounted vertically, mounted Half-height CD-ROM, or other factor or with mounting 5%~inch Specifications A-3
Function Condition Non-operating to 95F to to to C) to C) to C) to to to to to to to to to 104F 134F C) C) C) Physical Characteristics inches inches Height A-4 Specifications QWERTY inches without
Memory board: 64KB Duplicated from 000FE0000h board: 64KB Duplicated FE0000h I/O ROM: 96KB ROM I/O memory: 128KB graphics memory: 640KB BIOS ROM: 64KB Duplicated from memory BIOS ROM: 64KB RAM Duplicated VGA BIOS ROM: 32KB RAM 16MB memory) 1MB 640KB Specifications A-5
A-6 Specifications
and This to the following: Ci or or the include to three and or and and mounting to the as shown below. or and
or to to it If to yourself, follow the instructions this or the Correct The the that with That of the following types: Ci S&inch Ci with You of of the following the PA-inch CD-ROM, or other 3M-inch or other with with already the mounting If If first to the mounting If or the and Removing 5?4inch mounting 3%inch this W&inch mounting
to This The instructions this to and optional and the 386SX/16 PLUS and recommended this from the this the If or of the this apply to the that with information. Each section of the to the CL Additional instructions each section which to of the this follow the Chapter to the cover. If from the B-24. If or and leaving another the follow the the Jumpers B-4 first. If or and there the mounting from the B-24. If or and there the mounting or the B-27. and Removing B-3
the You to or the the or The the whether or If and another to the the to that If first and the only to the the to the If using the Drives, below. the If the each to which the and which the the which the operating that the its memory each You and both the and the the operating the Follow the instructions the section to the both of and Removing
the The located the board, the The slightly location, them the There four the each of the and the other B-5 and
The following the the One C/D DSP ACT To from to the other, or to off its and to the other to the or the as If to the should C/D and ACT. If them to these Then the B-7 instructions first If of four included with each three of the the C/D, DSP, and ACT. the fourth the ACT. If both of should the the first. or the B-27 instructions. and
If of already the follow the From the B-24 to Then the both while they of the The that section which instructions to follow If and leaving to the the to that the the Then follow the instructions From the B-24 the the the Follow the instructions this section to (or the mounting You to the following tJ the mounting from the mounting from the and to the the the and If the mounting should follow of the this section. If that previously from this the B-12. and B-7
Removing the Mounting From the with N-inch mounting attached to each of the as shown below. and
On there Follow these to the mounting (and from the If necessary, the screws the and the grounding to of the mounting as shown below. the four screws the mounting to the There screws each as shown below. screws and B-9 screws screws
the four screws them to the mounting to the Then the with the facing Removing and Attaching the Mounting Plate If to mounting to the This mounting plate currently attached to the of the subassembly, as shown below. Follow these to the mounting from Turn the that the front facing The mounting located the front the right of the subassembly. and
the screw the mounting plate to the and it Then the mounting plate to Turn the facing and the the back of the facing to the right. screw and
the four screws that from the the Follow these to the the mounting the that with It with three each and the and Then the of the mounting plate the and the four the plate with the four the as shown below. mounting and them to the mounting to the mounting plate
The of the of of which with as shown below. The the back of the of of the II II and I( I, II,
the with the that the the with the with the the with the as shown below. the the and then the the top of the subassembly with the mounting plate facing and If correctly the with the when the
of the supply that from the the the The P1, P2, and P3; shown below, the of the notched corners. The supply the back of the to the connected. The notched corners, as shown the with the that the notched corners the with the notched corners of the notched corners notched corners and supply notched corners
the the and then the the and the mounting the mounting facing the subassembly, as shown below. Notice that there facing the of the mounting These the right of the subassembly. B-16 and mounting plate Connectors sembly
the the mounting the the the to the with the screw. If the instructions to while the subassembly of the the Subassembly B-46. follow the the section. shown the the mounting plate the the of the subassembly. Then the the subassembly and the screw the mounting with the the and
Connecting the Follow these to the subassembly and the to the board: the front from the slightly the three the top of the and Then To the subassembly from the front of the thumbs the and the top of the with the of as shown the following (If the thumbs that instead.) Then the subassembly with thumbs. and
the front of the subassembly to as shown below. B-19 and Removing
of to the subassembly or With other hand, the that beneath the subassembly. the the subassembly the to its the front of the subassembly the as shown below. and
the the board front of the that the There notch of the as shown below. the the front of the subassembly the the front of the that the the and the with the the front. If necessary, the the subassembly and notch
and the and the the of the There of the as shown below. the the and to the with the the of the with the with the of the with the Then the of the and the If correctly the with the when the
To the front the three ridged its the three notches the of the as shown below. the front the the top the Then the top of the clicks should with the front of the Follow the to the cover. Then Post-installation instructions with B-23 and Removing
From the Turn the that the front facing The vertically mounted attached to the right of the subassembly, as shown below. B-24 and
the screw the mounting to the and it the slightly to the right, from the subassembly, and of the mounting Turn and top of the subassembly with the mounting facing Since the attached to its to too from the subassembly as and
Disconnect the supply from the the back of the as shown below. the straight of the the too the the the from the back of the the as shown If the to or follow the instructions or the the through below. If to the to the four screws the mounting plate to the Then and the mounting plate with the screws. and supply
the from its the the of the subassembly). the with the the its and Then the supply with other or Follow the to the computers cover. Then Post-installation instructions without or the This section to or the You these instructions to the (The the If or the If the mounting or From the B-24. If to from the (or already follow the the Subassembly, below. You the subassembly from the and Removing
the Subassembly Follow these to the subassembly: Turn the that the front facing To the front slightly the three the top of the and as shown below. Then the from the front of the and If to the the front and to If the cover from the front as
the front and the screws the cover to the the cover, as shown below. The connected to the board the of the subassembly, as shown below. the front cover, and screws the and straight to from the only the and Removing
The connected to the the the The subassembly the casing the and the supply, as shown below. To the subassembly, first from the front only. thumbs the and the top of the with the of as shown the (If the thumbs that instead.) B-30 and Removing
the front of the subassembly with thumbs. to as shown below. B-31 and Removing
back the subassembly and the supply connected to the right of the board, as shown below. each of the straight the the subassembly of the and B-32 and If follow the instructions the the If From the B-43. supply
the the following that the that (If the Jumpers B-4 instructions.) If to that attached to the fits properly the h-inch with mounting already If with follow the instructions the that with to them. The this section the instructions to Follow these to If 5%inch that the release the If that the release the right and the light the If turn that the with the facing and B-33 3M-inch or 5%-inch mounting 35%inch
There or three each of the the the round the with the each of the as shown below. the the and the back of the subassembly. Watch the the of the when the the the of them. B-34 and If its that the front of the with the the (A fits the the
the four screws that with screws the each of the and them with screwdriver, as shown below. If the to the subassembly and Then the connected to the top and the other free. the the of the to the screws If to If to shown the there this with of the and Removing B-35
The interface that from the back of the both Near of the interface, there to the the the with the interface that the the with the the interface, as shown below. the fits properly the interface and then the interface. If from the mounting to If to instructions connecting the and Removing If correctly the when
the that from the the mounting Follow the instructions below to the the of this to the that mounted vertically. the that from the mounting Notice the the back of the of of the shown below, there of the One of the with and II
the with the that the the with the with the the with the as shown below. the the and then the If the procedures and This however, the the of the to the mounted (If necessary, the subassembly to to the and
the subassembly, of the supply that from the supply the The P1, P2, and P3; shown below, the of the notched corners. The supply the back of the to the The notched corners, as shown below. supply You supply to each If the mounting the supply to this first. If the supply to the the and Removing B-39 notched corners
and Removing B-40 the supply that the notched corners the with the notched corners of the supply the the and then the notched corners If correctly the with the when the If to vertically mounted the Subassembly B-46. If connected the to vertically mounted to the supply to the the Then the the Subassembly the instructions the vertically mounted
the the Subassembly This section to the mounting The following the subassembly the with the front attached. subassembly of the the the below. Follow these the and the right of the subassembly with the mounting plate facing the subassembly, as shown below. Notice that there facing the of the mounting These the right of the subassembly. and Removing
the the the the mounting plate the the of the subassembly, as shown below. the the as the the subassembly and the screw the mounting plate with the the the to the with the screw. To the subassembly, the instructions and B-46.
Removing from the The this section the the instructions to from the or to from the Follow these to from the from the back of the as shown below. the supply from the back of the It located the interface, as shown the and B-43
screwdriver, the screws the to the There screws each as shown below. and screws
the from the front of the completely and If and leaving another the the to that (If the Jumpers B-4 instructions.) If to the mounting the Subassembly below. If to the mounting follow the the B-12. to the while the subassembly of the Follow the that section as the subassembly Then the Subassembly, below. and
the Subassembly Follow the below to the subassembly o o Notice that there four mounting the back of the subassembly: the corners and the corners. B-46 and Removing
the front of the subassembly and the leading from the back of the they the subassembly its There four the back of the which the the subassembly the subassembly from and the back the the top the the the top the subassembly. B-47 and
the subassembly and the supply P4 and P5. and as shown below. There supply the right of the board the back) that both of the supply as shown below. and supply
supply P4 the the the right of the with the the back of the the the with the the the and then the supply P5 to the the using the and Removing B-49
the front of the subassembly the that four the back of the the the subassembly as and Removing B-50
the and (The slightly than the the back of the to which which. the the front of the subassembly the the front of the the the and the with the the front of the If necessary, the the subassembly and Removing
Both the and located the board the of the subassembly, as shown below. subassembly Both notch The than the and Removing
the the the and the and notch Then the as the the first. shown below, there of the the with the that the the with the notch the the the the the and then the If correctly the with the when the and notch
To the front the three ridged its the three notches the of the as shown below. the front the the top of the the Then the top of the clicks The should with the front Follow the to the cover. Then instructions with B-54 and (If the cover, to to
C Performing This to the to the of and peripheral The to the following tl the the You of to to continuously or of to the If the and to the Where to the Introduction technical information. board Memory and and Performing C-1
Starting the To the follow these the Reference and or the the following the At the operating At the type DIAG and to Press to You the below. The C-2 Performing Press to SETUP You title Memory functionality CPU protected DMA clock CMOS (T)imebound (P)assbound It (Y/N) (Y/N) of window-,tPrev/NexttestTk of CPU tests<F6>
from the option the top of the of the tests. the the appears when first the the option selected. The the of the to the The to these to selections and tests: F2 F3 F4 F5 F6 each appears the of the Function to the to the previous to the to the previous the the Select or selection Select selections selected Performing C-3
the The the following the (passbound) tl The recorded to the or other If to the F2 to to the (Press to and to the of tests.) The first the which to the You this Timebound the the the amount of specify; and then Continuous the them; C and Passbound the the the of specify. This the P, necessary, and to the The option Press Y, necessary, and the to when This the of and then to (Y the C-4 Performing Testing (T)imebound (P)assbound (Y/N)
Press and the to when The option Press and to the that the below, Press and to the (N the You information the to the If selected testing, the information. Instead, this the If selected Timebound testing, this To specify the amount of to the type the of hours (from to and Then type the of (from to and You the backspace to (Y/N) :OO1 Performing C-5
If selected Passbound testing, this Specify the of (from to the to the without to the of You the backspace to once the of only. this Press to the and (Press to the and to the If the the from to N. If the (LPT1), the writes the to the connected to the assigned LPT1. If the the writes the to the connected to the COM1 C-6 Performing of to (LPT1) to or to highlight the which the
If the this (You Press to highlight the which to the and The ERROR.LOG the directory of the specified the tests, the ERROR.LOG to the that occurred the tests. The this or specify the the existing ERROR.LOG specify the of these appear: Record the and Once the ready to the A: B: C: D: .L or C Performing C-7
Selecting To the Then to highlight the the and to completed, this Selecting To highlight each to and F3. To selection, highlight the and F3 To the selected of F6. The highlights each as the You F4 to and F5 to selections. You with other tests. The below the that individually. to individually board clock Force Scan/ASCII Comm. C-8 Performing Press to to or to highlight the or
You testing and to the holding Ctrl and pressing The the You to the and If F3 to these tests, the the immediately. If F4, the the the first of the If the than once, the the each If selected Passbound testing, the displays the the right of the the If the the the testing, selected the F3 and F4 selected the selection. to F5 to selections when finished each of C-9
the The below of the and to other sections this chapter information, necessary. Function such as functionality instructions, and of CPU Memory Memory C-10 Performing CPU protected protected instructions such as LSL, VERR, and LAR clock the DMA memory and of DMA and count to RTC clock RTC to CMOS the CMOS RAM BIOS ROM of BIOS ROM Parity memory memory read/write shorts and that shorts and that shorts Refresh the refresh
Performance Force appears read/write read/write Scan/ASCII clock Attribute graphics* graphics* selection* Color* Function Performing C the the assigned to the the clock the the memory the the the the graphics the graphics the function of the the background and
(continued) graphics* (continued) appears only Memory If relocated memory the to their locations the memory or they properly. If memory the this Press The displays of the board and highlights the memory or the to back tests. The following which and which C-12 Performing graphics* Comm. Press to memory the graphics the graphics
Format Force the displays the following Press and to the Press and to the operation. The the following Each below. specified to (Y/N)? type Interleave factor head head Performance Performing C
The displays this the If connected to the the C and this type The the type of based the type the CMOS RAM the SETUP and displays the following the the types. If to the type, to highlight the type that matches and If the option (type the the following information: Interleave factor The interleave factor affects the performance of You the following The interleave factor recommends C-14 Performing (C/D) C type of of heads of sectors track Interleave or
the optional. The displays the following the You to the that with the 386SX/16 PLUS. Press N, necessary, and then If and then the following to highlight option and Then the information. the correct, highlight and and the the the when the and The displays the following the and numbers: (Y/N) Clear and or Performing C-15
the first and which to the tests. The the and the the than the highest of the 40MB the highest and head The displays the following the and head numbers: the first and head which to the tests. The the head and the the head than the highest head of the head the 40MB specify the and the Proceed to the Format The low-level If with factory- or optional already You to the that this type of low-level and with its You and the MS-DOS this low-level MS-DOS instructions. C-16 Performing head head
You to serious with the formatting with every other recovery MS-DOS Reference Then back the the If the the the of the to the tracks. This the the the of the to them. The three formatting the the tracks, and the The Performing C-17
Performance This the performance of the and track-to-track based the the count, and the amount of The the second. It reads 64KB of and counts the of using this (64KB The track-to-track this (The of higher and performance. This the of the the specified of and heads. The of and reports This the and of the the specified of and heads. The both and and operations and reports Performing C
This the which the the You should this when the Force Tracks this to the without formatting The Force The displays of while testing the the and those the The following appears to the Performance with than 128KB of memory: memory memory required-is 128KB Performing C-19
The displays of the following when found to ECC sector activity ECC corrected sector found selected If of these the and If or the The following which and which R(ead)/W(rite) R(ead)/W(rite) C-20 Performing
Performing the The the of the and its to the that the MS-DOS FORMAT and that write-protected. the to the Once the completed successfully, the to of the the following These properly the the specially R(ead)/W(rite) R(ead)/W(rite) o the rotates 1.2MB, 5/+inch should 1.2MB RPM and 360KB RPM. 1.44MB, RPM. allowed: the of read/write operation. the of read/write operation. the of the that when or from Performing C-21 3/2-inch should
to that the MS-DOS FORMAT command the Then that when of the other tests. that the the Proceed You the following the (A/B) If necessary, type the and (If only already Press and the Proceed to the Press and to to finished of these the the MS-DOS FORMAT with MS-DOS. The displays of while testing the and those the The the following the Warning This appears the properly and the or its C-22 Performing
You the following to the that such as 360KB or 720KB The of these when These of or or to write-protected or These the to of the and This the and the to the If the the the CRC DMA write protected Record found Timeout Comm. Performing C-23
the that the loaded, and or of the following of selected interface I/O Communication this RS-232C, AT-type loopback to the This the to and the back You purchase the from stores. the with the following RD and TD shorted DSR and DTR shorted CI CTS and RTS shorted. This the to Then the and and testing the following Cl CI length. C-24 Performing
If of the following there with the or the to that the securely connected to the If the Exiting To from the You the following the Reference from A. If MS-DOS the Then and to the You this The MS-DOS and the C or Break Parity to (Y/N)? while Performing C-25
Performing C-26
Troubleshooting You should as and of the ordinary to this You repeating software or the trying the this chapter, the of C instructions. If the or C the Where to the Introduction. technical ready to the of its ROM BIOS its (including the type of and option and the and of software You the the back If to follow the below to information about as as ROM BIOS and MS-DOS numbers. If the MS-DOS A. Turn or the RESET to Troubleshooting D-1
the memory the of ROM BIOS appears the of the write the If enough to write the RESET and Press to SETUP, the the information about shown the SETUP Then SETUP (without the At the MS-DOS command type and to the MS-DOS built-in memory (ROM) of which every These internal such as ROM, RAM, the the and the The RAM displays the amount of memory currently If the displays the the and to when reporting If the serious, the further and The the and the If this as as this information and both the and to Troubleshooting
The Wont If when the the following: the light If and off the that the securely to both the AC the back and the or Reference necessary, and the If the light the outlet Turn off and the from the the and to the outlet If or of such as to reconnected the internal and correctly. If the outlet and the Troubleshooting D-3
The Not If and when type the follow these operations than others to the to than to typed character. If reasonable of to the to its The first such change, to its what If the the MS-DOS the RESET and If that the Reference and the RESET If the the below. Could software causing the If Software this The caused this If operating properly, to the If to whatever the and to the MS-DOS the Ctrl and Break (or C). Chapter information or Troubleshooting
If respond, using the Ctrl or the RESET Computer Chapter information. If the off and least seconds. If the or Reference A. Then the It should MS-DOS. If and to that as to the of J1 the to the built-in VGA If the the You to J3 and J5. the Chapter instructions. If using the SETUP the the memory Then the the If the the If using the following: If type the and nothing type and Cl If know the to or Chapter instructions. Ci If know the follow the below. Troubleshooting D-5
Accessing If and follow these Turn off the and follow the instructions the Chapter to the function J2 to A. Turn the You the the Press to SETUP Highlight SETUP and You the SETUP Turn off the and follow the instructions the Chapter to the function J2 to B. If the A. Turn the Troubleshooting appears, Follow the instructions Chapter to or Not to to SETUP information when the If the the to the Chapter
o If with the the following: If the displays when or the the securely connected to its Connecting the Chapter instructions. If the properly, the function the arrow the as numbers. Check to the the right of the the to off the function. If nothing when type the The Not Respond, If with the C. If the If the and immediately. Troubleshooting D-7
the following: If there the that the switch and that the light the If the light anything the the brightness and If the switch the light off the seconds, and the back to the displays If the light the Turn off and from the the outlet and to the outlet If the connected to the properly. Connecting Chapter the instructions to to the and match, and, switches or the properly. Connecting and the that with and instructions. chosen the type the SETUP the If to the the type of and using the and software. Troubleshooting
If and to that as to the of J1 the to the built-in VGA the You to J3 and J5. the instructions. If with the tests, C. If the the where bought the If or the following the You the or the the from the and with the facing to the latch. Chapter instructions and If that graphics the to the the Chapter information. Troubleshooting D-9 %-inch
If the the and to another of the type, the the other and the operation. If this the below. to the right type of trying to 1.44MB 720KB of Drives Chapter information. If the right type write-protected. On the MS-DOS Reference instructions formatting You incorrect type when the SETUP SETUP to the Chapter instructions. of the following MS-DOS Troubleshooting write-protect the notch its or there On M-inch the write-protect switch to the write-protect or there switch. You write- protected function properly the write-protected. the Chapter information. Cl Abort, Retry? reading CI writing N-inch there
If there something with the MS-DOS or updated the information the incorrectly. This the of these If or with the following: If with that about the If the yourself, follow the instructions of this the instructions and the to correctly. If of these the properly the On %-inch the closed. the If the the and This the the seated properly the If the the MS-DOS COPY command to the from the to MS-DOS Reference instructions.) of includes of other expected CHKDSK to the repairs; MS-DOS Reference instructions. Troubleshooting
the SETUP to the type of as of the instructions.) If with the the tests, C. If the If the or If with the of installation, or The this section three the the Accessing the the section that to the to the Accessing the If that (such as formatting the to back reformatting or repartitioning the the of COPY, XCOPY, and BACKUP MS-DOS Reference Troubleshooting
the If with newly-installed the following: If the that about the If the yourself, follow the instructions of this the instructions and the to correctly. the to they correctly. If physically the (or initialized) and operating This type of the yourself. If the with its that follow the instructions C Format. If with its option the built-in and the type through SETUP? Chapter instructions. that this physical type of from the software-based type of formatting commands (such as the MS-DOS SELECT or FORMAT commands. the below, information. Troubleshooting
the (which already physically the following to the SETUP to as of the Chapter instructions.) the MS-DOS, and MS-DOS. Step-by-step instructions these MS-DOS If another operating follow the instructions that with If the correctly, to the the and MS-DOS (or another operating the operating to the to the operating from the when the If the properly and as the the instructions MS-DOS each the correctly If the Accessing the If and reduction performance, the the become You to back and then compaction to the information. Troubleshooting
If with back and the Then to MS-DOS and back the Format C and MS-DOS Reference instructions. If or read/write the physical Software If with the following If the that following the the and that correctly. If and the directory that or specifying the directory. If the A. high or While properly the the software to this the and the CPU operating necessary. the Chapter instructions and information copy-protected If MS-DOS that to there type to MS-DOS to what These Ctrl and C CI Ctrl and Troubleshooting
the to the If when type the Follow the instructions Chapter If the off seconds, and then back Then If of these software the software technical Below to follow with If the and information, If that the and properly connected to the (Also, Chapter instructions or the the DIP switch or These properly with the If than or than the know which the and which the secondary. instructions to the and the SETUP If properly functioning, from the MS-DOS the displays the MS-DOS (such as C> or A>), and This should the of the Troubleshooting
Option Card If option and functioning properly, the following: the option correctly? The with option the well-seated its the Chapter and the instructions that with the the DIP switches or the option the instructions. If to the internal of the (or To this, the MS-DOS MODE or SETMODE command. and the MS-DOS Reference (such as properly they to what required. If using that the properly. instructions. instructions with the or the Communication C these tests. If the Troubleshooting
the the board? Chapter information. the SETUP to the Chapter If the option to to the to the to the the back the the software using with the option If necessary, software instructions. If with the following: that securely connected to its the back of the Also, connected to the Chapter information. If the connected properly, that J4 board correctly Chapter information. If the that with troubleshooting information, or Troubleshooting
Memory If memory to and that memory operating properly, the following: If the memory count displayed the incorrect, or the correctly. The the they the type of SIMM, or they the their to the SETUP or memory to memory instructions. If with write and Battery The lithium battery. It should from three to years to the batterys exhausted, of the following Purchase and follow the instructions Chapter to (You to If to the yourself. If them, Memory Chapter and the instructions. CMOS CMOS options Troubleshooting
Math If math to operating properly, the following: the SETUP and to that the math as the SETUP If as Not or the incorrectly. and information. If math as the SETUP to the that with troubleshooting information and Troubleshooting to the math yourself. information about that to
or that the location where information memory. that to, or acts transmitted the Application software to such as or spreadsheet ASCII American Information characters, such as numbers, and graphic ASCII character of computers, and ASCII of which character to another that to to AUTOEXEC. BAT The batch that when MS-DOS. Batch o
The that the to switch from high to when of or that created the or memory The memory the below 1MB that to MS-DOS and programs-usually 640KB. memory or memory. Batch type of that of MS-DOS commands command. Batch text with the .BAT. type the MS-DOS the commands that sequentially. BIOS ROM (Read Memory) that basic input/output functions of the operating and the or The of The of the or of charge. To the operating the memory.
or of that character. CGA Graphics type of that to of with characters each graphics or four- graphics Character that the or the includes numbers, and graphic CMOS Complementary type of of or instructions. software or of Command instruction (usually to to function. Command The or that MS-DOS and ready to instructions. The command displays the and directory. If C, the this: C
The of of typical consists of with and connected to and when Ctrl and another the that instructs the to function. optional that the to mathematical Copy-protected type of that copied. protected to the the while using the to instead of high CPU Processing Unit. The of the that instructions, the of and input and operations. Cursor The highlighted that shows the
The of that read/write head. The of to the of the of heads. Information such as text or graphics or which (as to or that when the turned or temporarily or the character or to of MS-DOS command. of that of and such as or containing instructions that allow to and
The and the to its internal and its DIP switch switch. switch option or that function. Directory of of directory shows the location, and of the the directory. directory both and The and The physical that allows the to from and write to which sealed protective of coated with to permanently. that of the option to the interface. the the displays text and graphics. the 386SX/16 PLUS, VGA built the board.) known as
DOS commonly operating that the input and type of that allows to as as the 360KB of 3%inch 720KB of The of colon-for C EGA Enhanced Graphics type of that allows to high-resolution graphics It to of text with characters each or or graphics to Expanded memory Memory that specially written MS-DOS with Expanded Memory (EMS) such as EMM386SX.SYS. Memory Memory 1MB that the protected of the 80386SX and to and operating of to three characters which to to 5%-inch
of related of information records, or together Text of and of and to and instructions. to characters that MS-DOS to Format To (or to that information. Formatting and sectors and locations Graphics and other nonalphanumeric The to amounts of It and than physical of such as or CPU.
High-density type of that allows to than or 5/-inch high-density 1.2MB of 3?4.-inch high-density 1.44MB of Input/output interface physical or software to or that option or the to function. containing copy-protected that the while the (KB) to memory or One bytes. LIM EMS of the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification-a that allows to memory that MS-DOS board The board built containing the the to o
Math optional that the to mathematical MCGA Monochrome/Color Graphics type of that or graphics MDA type of that displays text such as or (MB) to memory or One 1024KB. to (of internal clock). second. The 386SX/16 PLUS operates or Memory The where Memory permanently ROM) or temporarily RAM). Memory board that memory chips. You 256KB, 1MB, or 4MB memory to the the to the memory. memory commonly SIMM memory
Memory The memory option the MGA Graphics type of that text and graphics the of CPU that allows to telephone and The of that the and displays information. that such as or as to which with or buttons. the the the the
MS- DOS Microsoft The operating commonly with The and to the right of the The which the commands. The 386SX/16 PLUS or of (such as MS-DOS, OS/2, or UNIX) that operations. The operating the and input and Option the to such as The type of interface that the of Interface and to that MS-DOS what to and information such as what to and where to or
Parity to the of that the of the or parity. The operating to sections or You and or The of characters to type the to and Pathname The directory to the the SALES, the subdirectory BUSINESS, \BUSINESS\SALES. (such as or connected to that the its operation. physical input/output to which that the to its internal and each
that instructions and what to and to Prompt the displays to information or what action to Command RAM Access Memory. The of the memory to and while RAM when off or the to To from to another. when text the reads the from the and displays the Read/write head The physical that reads from and records the of clock battery-powered clock the that of the and when the turned off.
To operating or operating information RAM. RCB type of ROM Memory. of memory that and temporary ROM its when off the directory The top-level directory MS-DOS, (backslash). other of the directory. RS-232C used, type of interface. You RS-232C to the built-in Sector section of track that which the The to its The type of interface that Interface and
RAM The the 386SX/16 PLUS that the to the ROM BIOS and ROM the RAM of memory to processing. SIMM Memory Software The that to the and functions Subdirectory directory or of that branches from another subdirectory or from the directory. Switch option to MS-DOS that the the Switches the /S switch to FORMAT command, MS-DOS the operating the as of the to the functioning correctly. that the operating
Tracks resembling the record, which to the areas. VGA Graphics type of high-resolution The VGA built the of graphics to VGA that of the option to interface. with built-in VGA to to this interface. To To the from write-protect the notch or the write-protect switch write-protected, or its S-inch
TURBO light light or RESET option release VGA light
EPSON