This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Cl Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS edict6 WARNING FOR CANADIAN USERS
EPSON
America or or implied, or with to this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of information contained from the of the information this and features to without of Corporation. of America, Inc. Other only and of their respective Copyright America, Inc. California Y73899110100 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY IMPORTANT NOTICE COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning, cleaners or cleaners. this this or and the and the back or these or covered. This should or or heat This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or to properly grounded (earthed) outlets. If to the the to the as photocopiers or that switch and off. this where the If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the of this through the of the Instructions
as specifically the to service this yourself. servicing to service this from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or If the B. C. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions, of other and often technician to the to operation. D. If the or the If the performance. E.
S&wit6
Introduction chosen or as high-performance workstation. Whether the or the (with built-in math includes 4MB of internal memory, built-in VGA built-in and interfaces, and IBM PS/2 These interfaces allow to of peripheral directly to the The 80486SX and the 80486DX2/50 The instructions this to both where specified. option and such as or Additionally, the to three externally-accessible and internal offers other features: CI Memory of memory high-speed and quickly. RAM and ROM the RAM to further performance. The built-in VGA and VGA graphics to or Introduction
Optional You easily memory and about optional that with the IBM Computer, PC XT, TM or PC AT. memory to the memory the memory to 16MB. If the and to mathematical 80486SX with 80487SX, This optional includes built-in math with authorized information optional and Other Software You chose of MS-DOS@ to with However, another operating such as OS/2, UNIX, or XENIX. This covers operating instructions to or the operating MS-DOS or other operating instructions. You the IBM PC, PC XT, PC AT, or computers. You software, such as Microsoft TM (or with Introduction
VGA included VGA and with built-in VGA With these of VGA such as graphics to (non-interlaced), to and text The VGA and the VGA that with How to This This to and options, and You to everything this to the following chapter to the sections Chapter instructions Chapter to the to this You to the Chapter instructions operating such as locking the cover and copying Chapter features to performance. Chapter to and the cover, front and subassembly to the Introduction
Chapter of the options and instructions and Chapter to and to low-level troubleshooting C covers the to the At the of the and Introduction
Where to If purchased the United States, America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the Customer Technical with the installation, and of products Assistance locating Authorized or Service of ribbons, and Customer Relations CI technical information service Product with technical specifications and products. If purchased of the United States, please or the location and service. International locations the of this back cover. Introduction
follow the this chapter. You to this back cover foldout to the the turned off the the right of the front It off when the Choosing Location
to choose location that the following: or enough to the of and of its Soft and attract electricity, which the circuitry, and inches of around the freely. Select cool, and from humidity, and sunlight or other of heat. to the Source information.) You outlet the the and outlets and other peripheral interference. too to such as telephone, which field.
Removing the Protector Card If 544inch the the factory to the read/write heads. To the or the release to the Then the to them Connecting If VGA (or with to the built-in VGA the VGA Interface, below. If other type of to Card, below.
the VGA Interface Follow these to VGA to the VGA the and turned off. top of or the easy access, the and around the of both facing If necessary, the to the permanently attached the of the and the to match the of the with Then the the as shown below.
If the screws, to them. the the as shown below. the other of the properly grounded (earthed) To the to the when the
Card If to of the option the already the If the follow the instructions Chapter to option first, the following to and properly matched. CGA graphics (CGA) graphics (MGA) Enhanced graphics (EGA) EGA Enhanced graphics (EGA) or VGA graphics (VGA) VGA VGA switches or the properly. to to or the that with or instructions. If EGA or VGA or another type of that to the JP4 the board to the built-in VGA interface. (MDA) graphics (MGA) Enhanced graphics (EGA) graphics
If or cards, to JP6 to the the type of or If of cards, the to which type. instructions Once to this section to to the Follow the the VGA Interface the instead of the built-in VGA Connecting or Other both and interfaces. To or other to of these interfaces, follow the instructions below. offers of information. the Interface The interface and DB-25S To and IBM If which with Once the follow these the and turned off. the to the with the back of both facing
One of the the to match the of the with then the as shown below. If the screws, to them. the other of the to the as shown below. To the the each of the
the properly grounded (earthed) the Interface If or other peripheral with interface, to the (RS-232C) the back of the The DB-9P To follow the as the the with as shown below. Additional to the properly. If using the to to the the To this, the MS-DOS MODE or SETMODE command. MS-DOS
Connecting the Follow these to the the turned off. the the arrow the housing the the with the as shown below. Although the and the and they interchangeably. to the the
You the the the To the of the and each as shown below. If to the the recessed or R) and the the Connecting the IBM PS/2 that DIN If this type of to the built-in If that interface to the built-in or option to the interface. You to the of JP7 the Chapter instructions or recessed
Follow these to the turned off. the oriented properly with its with the as shown below. to commands to MS-DOS CONFIG.SYS to to MS-DOS and instructions. interchangeably. to the only the
Connecting the Cord Follow these to the cord: the the AC the back as shown below. the other of the properly grounded (earthed) WARNING To shock, to the the the
Turning On the ready to the first, the following to or yourself: Follow these to the the the back of the and properly grounded (earthed) that Choosing Location, typical Turn the and other to the or or when the the with off or while light This the least seconds off the turn This allows the to clear and its memory. top of or to or of its the of off the the cord, and seconds the cover. the cover to internal
To the the located the right of the front as shown below. The below the lights seconds, the to of each to everything correctly. If or to such as to to the first turn the completed its to this If necessary, the to the brightness and characters the clear and of intensity. If and to them to the
Turning the ready to off the of to Turn off the first, then off the and peripheral to Chapter and follow the instructions to the
the The first to the the Reference to the You to it the The of and (or the following type memory Cl and options clocks and Cl type(s) Ci and The with the CMOS RAM, which backed battery. Whenever the searches the CMOS RAM the information. If the the information the CMOS RAM and its to the the
memory and whether the CPU math It and of the this reason, to of the the should each of the options the to that the The the 4MB of memory that with as 640KB of memory and 3072KB of memory. If memory, as memory also. To to reduce the amount of memory from 640KB to 512KB or 256KB. the that with software to this necessary. If to the amount of memory, the board. the Chapter instructions. Starting the Follow these to the turned off. the Reference A. (If the 3%inch the clicks automatically. If 5V4-inch the to the the
Turn to and peripheral the The displays the If appears when the From below. The option highlighted. To The the OPERATION MENU Format to DOS memory Keyboard/Sound clock the
From If such as the following: options "F1" If this follow these Press I. The and the displays such as the following: The to the the causing the There than the of the such as allow to the the If of these I; the displays the the SETUP REFERENCE DISK) Incorrect HDD and/or HDC Memory incorrect, correction Cacheable Incorrect incorrect HDD incorrect
highlighted and The the that caused the to that to match The displays the You should the the to they The the that caused the the If choose or instead of selecting to the the that caused the and the displays the to this memory Keyboard/Sound clock the
the Cursor Block and to the (the highlighted through the options the highlight the option to If the arrow the appear to If the the right of the once to off and the arrow the If to while the and to the Follow the instructions the of this chapter to the to the The the type of with If connected VGA to the built-in VGA the the type. (With this option the type of the type of If card-or to the these the [G] to back
If EGA or VGA or another type of that to the JP4 the to the built-in VGA interface. If or cards, to JP6 to the the type of or If of cards, the to which type. instructions At the highlight appears the type, such as the following: To the The the and the right VGA If the type the of this section. CGA CGA EGA,MCGA,VGA or other the
Press to the this and then to highlight the option that matches type. If which to choose, follow these tl If the built-in VGA or VGA, EGA, or MCGA EGA, MCGA,VGA or other. tl If graphics (CGA) or graphics (MGA) attached to RGB CGA the switch the MGA to LI If such as with input, selecting CGA If the and CGA tl If (MDA), MGA, or MGA attached to choose the switch the MGA to tl If other of and EGA, MCGA, VGA o other. the with the I or If the the to The other secondary appears whether currently using or secondary
highlight the type, Highlight SAVE SETTING and the optional that who If to this section. Once the every or If correctly, If to as to as Network Chapter information.) Follow these to and necessary): At the highlight This appears: Press Press The displays to the Network OFF The to The to the to
To type of characters (including numbers, and to of characters. You the backspace to characters the or The the If to to the without to to the the If already this appears: already The allow to already easily or the know Chapter instructions. when to the to remember the or write and If to the the I. such as
If to the highlight Network To or off, You to If this appears: To highlight and follow through and or off, highlight SETTINGS ****and SAVE If there to the function. instructions. the Memory Caching memory allows to cache of memory, the information from that memory high-speed cache where information Caching active when operating high first to to the the
memory the 640KB of memory. the memory 1MB, the allows to memory or off. The the memory currently from 1MB to the of the should cache of memory to the performance of optional memory that memory with of other memory, should turn off memory that shared. the that with memory to this necessary. To or the memory cache follow these At the highlight memory. You the following cache memory the memory The the of memory currently You ON or OFF the first three with 4MB of memory and the memory from 1MB to 4MB cached. If memory, ON or OFF each of memory The of memory that If memory cache correct, the of this section. 15MB+
To the to memory Press The to the first the cache To the the first from ON to OFF or If memory 4MB, three to the to the 4MB to 5MB Press to the from ON to OFF necessary. Then as necessary, to the finished, the Highlight SAVE SETTING and to the the high or High or and The to high (where memory to or the to (when necessary). the high the TURBO the front You should high everything that ones) when or to to the other and The to the to the to
You the to its automatically. This the to switch to whenever to high other operations. You to the copy-protected the Chapter information. to selecting the operating through the the temporarily or the ESPEED the Chapter Follow these to At the highlight The appears: If the displayed correct, the of this section. To the The the and another the High High
Press Highlight SAVE SETTING and the and The Keyboard/Sound option these three features: Ci tl Initial Cl built-in that when operations. The however, to the The Initial option whether or off when the the to numbers. To off, light the and the the off or The to the selected the to the the option or to highlight the and to the the to The
If the that with (or another IBM AT the the ON. If that or the OFF. The option the which character when The Normal, the or Follow these to or the and options: At the highlight Keyboard/Sound. The appear: If the the of this section. To of the I. The the and the option highlighted. To or the or off), To the or off, highlight Initial and the ON Initial KB Normal
To the highlight KB You the following option Press Highlight SAVE SETTINGS and the Clock The clock continuously the and when the off. The first the clock option to the and You to this option to clock The the years. You the clocks and with the MS-DOS TIME and DATE commands. MS-DOS Normal to the the or to highlight the and to the the to
Follow these to the clock: At the highlight clock. If the and previously the appear: Press To or the 24-hour clock, the the shown the each the the to the to type the following: the If the and correct, the of this section. If the and incorrect, to below. If the and the template to to the the hours, and ss seconds.) You this
You the backspace to the correct, If than the hours or than the or seconds-the entry. To or the highlight and You this month, and the the shown the the month and and four the the the to the March type the following: You the backspace to the correct, If than the month or than the of that month-the entry. Press The the and when each If then the without the and once or to to the the
the If with factory-installed already and this section. If or follow these to the At the highlight appear, such as the following: the The the type of the type or of the which to the type Then the of the The following that there If the match the of this section. If incorrect, or about to
Press The the each the of the of read/write heads, the of sectors, the and the (the which the heads when the It the If to the (which C computers), If to the Press You such as the following: of of of heads of heads of sectors of sectors (MB) (MB) and then You this to highlight the to highlight
If the or the highlight and Highlight and the the to to If matches of the the to If match of the the to appears: the type that matches the You the type of Ci the type and The displays the and CI the to through the type numbers. This to because the updated as each type. the type, The displays the to The type
If match of the the highlight and You the following: The highlighted the the of and The information of the and the of heads. the of read/write heads the and Follow this each item the (the of sectors, the and the If incorrectly, to highlight the and then The allow to the capacity; the based what the of heads, and sectors. type the and the to the heading. If to the type another the correct, to the the top Highlight SAVE SETTINGS and of or and to to the or
The following the of Check this and the with to the type the the
(continued) the
(continued) Supported With ESDI the
the Type(s) with factory-installed If or to the to match If type Follow these At the highlight The appear: If the the match the of this section. To The the and the following: You themessage Selected light ON. This that the light the currently selected If to the A: highlighted and If to the highlight and A: MB B: Not KB KB MB MB The the the
the The displays the type selected. If to the type another to the correct, highlight SAVE SETTINGS and I. The to the and the information and B. the Interfaces The and interfaces to as the If or this section. If option with its or to the built-in as secondary and the as primary. The as and secondary there the built-in and the Cl If option with as the the built-in the secondary Cl If option or peripheral with that as the or secondary If option with as the and the other as the secondary and the built-in the
Follow these to built-in and interface At the highlight The each appear: Press to the the You this option If to the highlighted and If to the highlight and The the to highlight the the selected and Secondary or If option with or and highlight that built-in and the the option this Conflict with option The the the
the and correct, highlight SAVE SETTINGS and the to and The following summary appears the the If to the the other to The to the and and interface memory KB Memory type Detected VGA EGA,MCGA,VGA or other High to highlight the KB memory Network OFF
There summary to To the If the clock, the the top of the flashes to to the and the Clock instructions. clock Initial You the following: A: B: the MB ON Normal
To the summary You each summary to the information correct. You to the previous or to the If incorrect, highlight and appears and the Leaving the If or to the highlight without summary and appears. the of of heads of sectors (MB) OFFFF The of of heads Sectors (MB) The
If to the highlight EXIT AND VE and The the and the the If to the Chapter instructions.) The appears. If the first the Reference from the and off Then follow the instructions MS-DOS to the operating (If operating follow the instructions that Once MS-DOS, should the from the or the MS-DOS when finished the Reference from A. If the Then to the commands the CONFIG.SYS and AUTOEXEC.BAT If the displays while the and the the indicates. If the displays or C, or to of Reference summary the
Chapter This chapter the following MS-DOS or another operating CI Copying the Reference and tl the cover Cl the CI or tl the tl MS- DOS or Another the of and the the operating The instructions this that using MS-DOS with another operating such as OS/2 or UNIX. the that with operating instructions to of operating
Copying the Reference and If to of the Reference and to the This allows to the without to Copy the following from the Reference to Chapter and instructions using these The Reference the and the should these from the Reference these to The VGA that allow to graphics high-resolution If to of these VGA VGA to the VGA instructions. to of Reference and AFDD.EXE ESPEED.EXE HDSIT.COM HDSIT.VER ROMBIOS.COM
the Computers You the cover the to unauthorized users from its To the cover, the as shown the and clockwise. To the cover, the as shown the right and counterclockwise. the functions when MS-DOS or These the below. Changes the from lower- to back to lowercase when The the top of the and the the of the affected. the to the right and to the characters or the top the when with the character lowercase characters when the function
The the once to function and to off. the function the light the right of the [=I, [G), and Works with other to such as operations MS-DOS and Works with other to character or the back the character to the of the of input or the function and off. the character the location, the function of the from to positioning the back when the command or operation. within Prints the the function with applications. the operation. Terminates the (when with as
Command or You to or while If MS-DOS that to of the following commands: Cl the the These If to the as below. off the to or the the Occasionally, to clear the or its memory without turning off. You this the and the to to operating and try memory that necessary. the as to and when them the If the without properly exiting and and
To the the operating the or A; the A. There to the If MS-DOS, Press the RESET the front This tl when the to If the the to off and from the Turn off the and seconds. If the A. Then the If when the every or the Follow these to If A. Turn or the You this At the type The when type character, the the characters type. Then and the The and then the MS-DOS. If the and
type the correctly and character appears. Then the the operating and displays the If network when the to to as Network You three to the the third incorrect try, the displays the and the the and to the If know the B. To follow these If A. Turn or the At the and the to and to it to ABC, type: The what type. 123/ABC
Press To follow these If A. Turn or the At the type: Press The or the and the operating immediately. characters the such as or character appears and then the the operating B. character appears and then the the operating
the Moving If to to location, to the HDSIT Reference to the the HDSIT (or the read/write heads to the that and them securely This protects the from the including their heads when off the If this, or that to HDSIT. Follow these and the MS-DOS appears the If HDSIT to (as the of this chapter), type and to the directory of the If HDSIT to C, the Reference A. Then type and that the following and You the as the the heads and the and off the You ready to to the location. HDSIT to
Chapter Operations This chapter to the following to the of AUTOEXEC.BAT and other batch the Reassigning the CI as tl expanded memory 640KB VGA features. AUTOEXEC.BAT and Other Batch to using MS-DOS and that there commands to frequently. You the of these commands them batch type the of the batch and MS-DOS the commands the as typed each from the If that as text-only ASCII that to batch You the MS-DOS COPY or EDLIN command, or text to the Operations
One batch that AUTOEXEC.BAT. Every MS-DOS the AUTOEXEC.BAT and each of the commands the MS-DOS, AUTOEXEC.BAT To the or with the COPY or EDLIN command, text or that as text-only. to the AUTOEXEC.BAT and the directory of the or from which MS-DOS. MS-DOS information about creating and batch the high and High or and At high the memory than The high to or to automatically. operating high the TURBO light the front It off when the operating You should high everything and only the software to this the Enhancing Operations
copy-protected the to while the These usually to disk-the that the protection-in the If copy-protected to to to when the and to high when finished. the type of copy-protected or to the to Follow these Cl If using copy-protected that or that to the high If this to the to automatically. If cant the high, the to automatically. tl If copy-protected that to the to while the Then the to high while and the If this and the and then to high to the to automatically. There three to the tl the Cl Cl the ESPEED Operations
If that or to the Chapter instructions. If these occasionally, should the commands or the ESPEED below) to the Commands You the of the following commands: [=I [F] CT] To these commands, the and the The commands the characters the You the commands while the of the commands another function, to the that the to the to the to Another to the ESPEED below. Enhancing Operations the to high. the to the to when the [T] or located the [T] [F] IT] and the
The the RESET or off the or the another command, or the ESPEED below. the ESPEED ESPEED easy to the the commands or to include the batch The ESPEED the Reference If the ESPEED.EXE from Reference already so-and the from there. If Reference and the to the To the ESPEED type the following the MS-DOS and You the following ESPEED[/H] [/L] [/A] These the switches should to the to high, or At the MS-DOS type the ESPEED and include the switch, such as the following: ESPEED /High High ESPEED /A I: Enhancing Operations
(This the to to when the If include the switch when type the ESPEED command, the the without the command The using the command, or the ESPEED or the RESET or off the the ESPEED batch You to the ESPEED including the command batch SLOWDOWN which You include the following commands batch to the SLOWDOWN ESPEED /A SLOWDOWN You the batch SLOW.BAT. to the SLOWDOWN the A. Then type SLOW and The the to and the Enhancing Operations
Reassigning the If they connected that the top and the B. the whenever to the operating or bootable from the A. If both of the type-3Winch, 1.44MB capacity, to reassign the If types, however, to the assignments the from B. which to to the that to the 5?&inch while the these the assignments to the top and the A. There to this: tl the and the The becomes A. Cl the AFDD to reassign the the AFDD below, instructions. assignments the RESET or off the or reassign the to their assignments. The reassignment the from the (F] [E) command. Operations 5V4-inch
the AFDD AFDD the assignments and the using the assignments, the AFDD to reassign the to their The AFDD with the Reference If Reference and the to the If the AFDD.EXE from the Reference already then the from there. To AFDD, type the following the and You such as the following: If the Reference to AFDD, If to the assignments, The and the operating and the assignments If to the assignments, other Enhancing Operations I: AFDD New Assign A: 1.44MB 1.2MB B: 1.2MB 1.44MB other to abort and
If the AFDD from reassign the and the the following and AFDD /S The /S switch the AFDD to the MS-DOS, and the assignments without the You to AFDD including the batch as Network the and the other connected to It write to and from the other computers, the the commands the the commands to from other computers. If as the to unauthorized from commands the To this security, the Operations
If the the the operating or the software. Once commands the and operating or software the This allows other the to the unauthorized users from commands and using the the as would turned off. The to unauthorized users from knowing that required. You to to as helpful. the Chapter instructions the and Then the section to If than 32MB, the MS-DOS SHARE to and locking protection MS-DOS information. If SHARE, the following flashes software and WARNING! SHARE should Enhancing Operations @IIT
Network or the operating or network software and the command or the first software. Follow these to Turn or You the though the to the and The what type. should to Press such as to the command. If incorrect the respond. the and the You or You and off first. Chapter instructions. Then or the as Chapter Operations
Expanded Memory 640KB with 4MB of memory. MS-DOS and that MS-DOS the first 640KB of memory. You the memory 640KB as memory, or to memory, as below. Expanded memory (such as that the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory (LIM EMS). To of expanded memory, to memory to the memory to memory. If selected memory software when bought with of MS-DOS. follow the instructions included with the If MS-DOS or and memory the MS-DOS EMM386.SYS or EMM386EXE (respectively) to memory to expanded memory. MS-DOS instructions. If MS-DOS and memory authorized which expanded memory should Enhancing Operations
VGA built-in VGA VGA and with The VGA allows these to VGA without to VGA or of the These allow to of the of and built-in VGA The VGA such as these: of or (non-interlaced) graphics with to graphics with Cl Graphics the built-in VGA To graphic or of these VGA them. Enhancing Operations
The that with as as that allow to VGA performance. the VGA information about VGA and Operations
Chapter Accessing To internal to the cover. to the front and the subassembly (the that the The instructions this chapter to these and the cover and the front and the subassembly procedures. the following the procedures this chapter and and the following to or yourself: While this instructions of optional reservations about tl off the to the and peripheral and least the cover. the from the and from the back Then peripheral including the and Accessing
Every the cover, to ground touching the of the back If properly grounded, electricity and Also, those that this instructs to disconnecting from the or (such as the the to it from Cl or to correctly. with the the the the the cover the or the overheat. the the cover to of the following: tl or option Cl or memory or math or or other Accessing
Follow these to the cover: Turn off the and connected to Then the from the and from the back peripheral that connected to the including the Turn the around facing the back If necessary, the cover. Chapter instructions.) the three thumbscrews the back turning them counterclockwise, as shown below. (The screws the off.) Accessing
the of the cover the front of the and as shown below. Then and off the the You the front to or from the or to the subassembly from the Follow these Turn the facing the front Accessing
Release the the front to the as shown below. You to screwdriver to release the Once these free, the of the front and straight to the the as shown below. to the off this or off the and RESET buttons. If off, back its Accessing
Removing the Subassembly You to the subassembly or the that mounted to the supply. Follow these Turn the facing the front the supply and from the of the as shown below. which connected to which easily them Accessing
the holding the supply and to the of the subassembly, as shown below. Then the from the the back of the subassembly the its as shown below, and the back the subassembly slightly to release from the beneath the front Then of the and Accessing
the Subassembly Follow these to the subassembly: Turn the facing the front the subassembly and the front of through the the front of the as shown below. the the front of the subassembly the the front of the as shown Accessing
the back of the subassembly the If necessary, the beneath the back right of the subassembly the the top of the supply. Then the subassembly the If necessary, the to the FDD the board, then the to the HDD (These located to the right of the memory Gather the supply and the the of the subassembly. the Accessing
the supply and to the of as the Follow these to the front Turn the facing its front. the the front with the RESET and that from the front of the front with the notches the Then the front straight the as shown below. Press the front the to the the notches the If the front the front and Accessing
the Cover Follow these to the cover: Turn the facing the back the cover as shown below, and the front the Then the back of the cover. the cover the front the top of the front Tighten the three thumbscrews the back to the cover to the the cover, Chapter and other peripheral Then the to the back of the and to Accessing
Post-installation or math or memory the Reference the information. You or other type of option, such as option or to the know the type of Follow the instructions to If that received (such as to it the that with to already formatted, and then, necessary, follow the instructions to the If and to MS-DOS or another operating from that to the operating the that with operating instructions. If memory option the that with to the with the memory instructions. If to of memory as Additionally, to commands to operating and the that with optional instructions. Accessing
You to newly-installed option. options with their however, the following with the Reference memory Math Ci and tl and Cl C instructions. Accessing
and Removing You the performance of of including the following: Option CI Memory 80487SX with built-in math the option board to function. option such as or interface, such as This chapter to option and with them. Memory memory modules)-allow to increase the amount of memory This chapter the and amounts of the memory If to memory to to You however, follow the instructions this chapter to them yourself. It to memory to rather than memory Memory the memory than memory If memory the performance of and
the and graphic displays when software. The includes built-in math If the and 80486SX and the 80487SX (with internal the this correctly, authorized or Service This chapter to the the You to memory of option cards, or to the operates. of board which shows the location of the option and other to or of the options to the cover from the Chapter instructions. and Removing
follow the instructions this chapter and Chapter the below to the board. option JP9 JP5 JP10 JP6 JP11 JP12 JP13 JP14 JP15 ^^_:-I IWI (HDD) VGA --A and Removing (CN2) (FDD)
If or to the operates, to the that of the The the factory; however, features the as follows: or the built-in tl Cl type to or the amount of memory or the function tl or the built-in VGA the operation of the input/output ready tl If increase memory memory of to the amount of memory If the and 80486SX with 80487SX JP1, JP2, and JP3 to the built-in math these used.) If to the the board, shown and
where the the The and the A) or and the B), as shown below. The following the and their JP4 JP5 JP6 JP7 A JP15 B* Factory A B* A* Function the built-in VGA the built-in VGA option as the the the built-in the built-in or other connected to option the early input/output ready input/output ready and
memory memory JP13 640KB A 512KB 256KB Factory memory Factory Function JP2 B* Factory these the and 80487SX NMI 80486SX NMI 80487SX FERR 80486SX FERR JP14 A
the If to follow these option that to the instructions. the as to the To from to the other, or to it off its and to the to the option Option Card, below. Follow the instructions Chapter to the cover. to the or surrounding the board. and
Option Cards option and Each option You option from authorized as as other option the the that the the the its and that the the the The below the Option and each Amps Amps Amps Amps Amps Amps Although the protected loads, the board option that than the shown the This section to option to option to Removing Option Card instructions. and Removing
The of the shows the option option and through below, the Usually which option as as fits the follow these when which to with the If that the as as to the option the instructions that with the to this the and
Option Cards Follow these to option If option that to the of JP7 the If to the of JP4 and JP6. If this the instructions. the screw from the top of the option cover; to the screw the the cover. and the screw to the option to the the cover the option
Unpack the option to of the the board or the If to top of its with the facing the the switches or necessary. the option instructions.) the the top corners and the as shown below. the the straight Once the the the to You should the If the smoothly, force the and straight as the to that seated the the of the and Removing
the of the to the back of the with the screw. Follow the instructions to the cover. Then Post-installation Procedures the of that chapter information Option Card If to option follow these the screw the to the back of the and straight and of the the option with the cover and with the screw. If option that to the of JP7 the board. If to the of JP4 and JP6. instructions. the as Chapter and Removing
Memory with 4MB of memory the memory memory this increase the amount of memory to 16MB. It to memory because they easily incorrectly. If following the instructions this section. the following to that they properly: that or the the the SIMM to the amount of memory the the Once the or them If to them yourself, follow the instructions below. and
Memory There SIMM the memory three consisting of four each. Each memory You of the each four four to the The following shows the SIMM other that the memory already 4MB SIMM 8MB 9MB 10MB 12MB 16MB 256KB SIMM MB SIMM Once where to the memory the following to or them: the memory or the Cl the memory These below. and memory
the memory Follow these to the memory from the screw the memory to the the front of the as shown below. the top of the and straight and of its Gently with the facing Follow the instructions the section(s) to or as necessary. and
Follow these to Turn the memory the the of the The as shown below. It to the first. each SIMM with the notched the top of the and the right of the as shown below. and Removing
Gently the SIMM the and then The SIMM should the and the If smoothly, force the and the SIMM the and that the the through the both and each SIMM to the board to the amount of memory instructions. the memory as and
If to from or follow the below. If them yourself, the to from the Follow these to Turn the memory the the of the board from the right first. or screwdrivers to the that the SIMM each to the too or they each SIMM to and the the SIMM to the right Release the and the SIMM from the
the board to the amount of memory instructions. Follow the instructions below to the memory the memory Follow these to the memory the its top corners and straight its the board, as shown below. the memory to the front of the with the screw. the cover as Chapter Then Post-installation Procedures the of that chapter information the memory and
and The instructions this chapter to and optional You these instructions to of including and from the the If to or follow these instructions, although of the this chapter apply. the that with information. This chapter to the following: CI the the IDE (Integrated or the Ct or internal of the procedures below, the cover as Chapter You to the front and subassembly; the instructions this chapter when this necessary. and Removing
the Correct to half-height or of third-, half-, and full-height shown below, there the and the internal The to three the following One third-height and half-height One third-height and full-height You half-height or full-height the internal If to the internal This the to If however, the the cover the front and Removing subassembly internal
You the internal the 3M-inch with You to to each the of these (with screws) the with The instructions this chapter to them. the IDE You to the or IDE The the whether using or You to If only the below to If and another to the the to that the If the each to whether the (primary) or the (secondary) The the from which 5%inch mounting attached. 51/4-inch or and Removing
the The located the board, the The instructions this section the the factory-installed The slightly location, them the the that with the and
the to the below. To from to the other, or to off its and to the other to the or the as If to the DS. If the SP and DS. the To or the internal To or the the section. and Removing
or Removing the This section to or however, these instructions to or another type of the that with instructions. On each of the there with four as shown below. You the the of and where to The third-height that with the the top of the If mounting follow the instructions that with the to the and third-height half-height 3M-inch that
Follow the below to the following included with each Ci four screws (with attached washers) tl (with washers) wrench. to each of the as shown below. each with screws. and
the the as shown below, the screws each with the the the the front of the the threaded the front of the subassembly. Then the the the the to the with the You to the the the (or other externally-accessible should of the and its should with the front should the the If necessary, the front (as Chapter to the the correct, the to the and of the Then the four screws, the back the and the and Removing
of the supply P1 through P5) the the of the subassembly. (You that the notched corners the and the the back of the as shown below. Then the the the If or to If to If connecting A, the FDD1 the of the If B, the FDD2. If the TAPE DRIVE ONLY. and
To the the the front facing the Press outward the cover as shown below, and the cover and Removing the with the interface that the the with the the interface, as shown below. Then the
the If first this the with If the attached to internal the with the the the with the with the the with the as shown below. The the the front and cover as Chapter then Post-installation to If first IDE the to the HDD the board. the Chapter to the to thread the through the the of the subassembly. and
Removing Follow these to from the the supply and from the back of the to as shown below. the wrench to the the to the front of the as shown below. and
the front of the and If the from the front of the to the front cover that Turn the front facing the Then the cover the the both the computers front and cover as Chapter then Post-installation to If IDE from the and the from its the board. First the from the the of the subassembly. Then the from the board. and Removing
or the You 3M-inch internal If first the farthest from the supply. If or the to the supply, first the front and subassembly as The following to these LI CI tl the and
Follow these to internal the supply and from the already as shown below. the four screws the to the internal and
If only IDE the from its the board. the from the the of the subassembly. Then the from the board If to the Connecting the below. Follow these to (or the its mounting screw the of the and its supply and the front of the subassembly, as shown the following Then the the and Removing If IDE and another the the the to that only IDE the other following and then or the that with instructions the
the that the four the with the the Then the with four screws. the and supply as below. and Removing
Connecting the Follow these to the and supply If the subassembly of the follow the Chapter to supply each the You of the free P1 through P5. If the subassembly the supply to the the the notched corners of the with the notched corners of the as shown below. Then the the each the internal (If the subassembly the to the the instructions and Removing If first the included with
If the attached to other the that the as below; then to To the the with the interface the the with the with the the interface with the as shown below. Then the and Removing
If first to the to the board. The HDD and located to the right of the memory the to the HDD the notch the to the the the front and cover as then Post-installation to and notch If reaching the the memory to to
Physically This to physically low-level this should confused with the the operating such as the MS-DOS FORMAT command. formatting that the factory the If with factory-installed or optional IDE already physically You only follow the instructions operating to If that with its that to physically the You to the this chapter to physically that the low-level and with its If whether formatting necessary, Physically formatting If formatting to back its to operating instructions Physically Formatting
to the the physical formatting and formatting the operating physically or follow the instructions operating to and the to its becomes causing the to efficiently or If this operating to If those procedures-or utility-do the to the as this chapter. Choosing the of Format Follow these to the formatting the Reference A. Turn or the It MS-DOS and displays the Select to highlight Format and The Format appears the A-2 Physically HARD DISK FORMAT MENU 1-Format
The formatting options as follows: tl Format first the tracks and which to as Then the and the tracks they to the read/write or tracks and the this option writes and reads the that You the that the without You the that formatted. The type of choose whether reformatting that or formatting the first the below. Formatting New with of the the You to the track to the tracks. Other (such as those with the already If formatting that the Format option. Formatting A-3
Reformatting Used If reformatting follow these the to tracks. If the back to the to the track Select the option to the Selecting Option this often to option from There to this: the arrow LI tl the of the option and You options that appear the Starting the Formatting If than this Select the first or the Then the instructions below the Format option to A-4 Physically I to highlight the option and
Option Format If Format from the Format the following with Format Scan to information (Y/N) (If the already the the to tracks.) Select to the or to the process. If the the and displays these the process: You the head and as the the the displays the such as the following: Next the following Scanning tracks... Head Scanning finished. Count of Count of with other Count of recommended sectors (Y/N) Physically Formatting A-5
to the recommended sector the interleave factor) of this allows to efficiently. other to this the that with the recommends To the Y. Then to To N. You the following the recommended (from through which the sector the Then Next this the recommended of another type of the recommended the the To the To N. You the following the recommended (from through which the sector the Then A-6 Physically Formatting sectors recommended sectors head (Y/N) sectors head
The allows to the At the of the this Select to the as Then the following section and to Formatting the A-8. To to the the section. the Defective Track Table If to the the following options the of the Defective Track to track with track, C track, track, To track, follow these Press You this the of the containing the and You this the head the and To the operation, (Y/N) head without Physically Formatting
entry, appears the and the track, necessary. If the to the incorrect track and to the from the the the as track. The and head and to the of the If or head of the of appears and the to the the tracks, without Then the the track the correct, The displays warning about the of proceeding with formatting, as the section. the ready to formatting the the following warning: If to the N. If The chance to A-8 Physically to the or WARNING! ALL DATA WILL BE DESTROYED IN ALL PARTITIONS OF HARD DISK, NOT JUST IN MS-DOS PARTITION! to formatting (Y/N) DOUBLE CHECK THAT YOU HAVE BACKUP DISKETTE COPIES OF ALL YOUR FILES. to and (Y/N)
Select to formatting (and or to If with formatting, Format started. Head The head and as the formatting the and of these: Format finished. tracks... head Format completed. Press to to the Press Option You of to and them, they The operates of writing, reading, and information every track of the that already as tracks. to to the Format Physically Formatting A-9
If this the that the this reason, causing first option to the To this from the Format You these the each track, counts the to the the displays such as the following: A-10 Formatting Read/Save/Write/Read/Restore/Read tracks... finished. Count of Count of tracks with write, Count of write, detected. Press to to the -I
If the track that the summary would with write, The this: Tracks Head Head Head Head Confirm to the the Track as tracks. to the as tracks? (Y/N) To the as You of the as they and these tracks... head Press to to the Press to to the Format Physically A-11
Option The and it to the of this tracks. To the from the Format You these the each track, counts the to the the displays such as the following: If the with the displays them. Then this Press A-22 Physically tracks... finished. Count of Count of with read, Count of read, detected. Press to to the to to the Format
Exiting the Format To the Format The displays the If the with option or MS-DOS (or another operating the to the Reference from and then follow the instructions operating The and the If the the Reference from and the RESET to the operating Physically A-13
Troubleshooting You should as and of the ordinary to this You repeating software or the trying these the of C instructions. If the or C the Where to the Introduction. technical from service or the Customer ready to its back its (including the type of and option cards), and the and of software If to MS-DOS, MS-DOS and the of ROM BIOS. If the ROMBIOS.COM to (as follow these At the MS-DOS type ROMBIOS and (You to the directory where ROMBIOS.COM the Troubleshooting
At the MS-DOS type VER and If ROMBIOS.COM or follow these the Reference and or At the to MS-DOS At the A> type ROMBIOS and the Reference and, necessary, A. VER and built-in memory (ROM) of which These internal such as ROM, RAM, the the and the The RAM the amount of memory currently If the displays the If the serious, this the and B-2 Troubleshooting The displays the MS-DOS the to and the displayed The displays the MS-DOS the to "F1" to
If the serious, the further and The the screen and the If this as as the when technical The following the that appear If the below; to the troubleshooting section this If the section that covers board clock and Memory board board board board board board options options Action Chapter Chapter Troubleshooting B-3
Memory Memory Memory Memory or or CRT CRT and interface) (RS-232C B-4 Troubleshooting BIOS RAM options Action Chapter or
(continued) and The Wont If when the the following: the light If and off the the securely connected to both the AC the back and the or Reference necessary, and the Auxiliary Action Troubleshooting B-5 .I
If the light the Turn off the cord, and the Turn to the outlet If or of such as to reconnected the internal and correctly. If the outlet and the The Not If and when type the follow these operations than others to the to than to the If reasonable of to the B-6 Troubleshooting If the cant anything the below.
If to its The first turn such to to its what If the the MS-DOS the RESET and try If that the Reference and the RESET If the the below. Could software causing the If Software this The caused this If to whatever the and to the MS-DOS the and (or Chapter information or If respond, the or the RESET Computer Chapter information. If the off the and least seconds. If the A; then the It should MS-DOS. [F] [F] Troubleshooting B-7
If EGA or VGA or another type of that to the JP4 to the built-in VGA the the instructions. If its supply thermal operating and the This protects from to overheating. B-8 Troubleshooting If or cards, to the of JP6. This the whether or (JP6 the factory.) this incorrectly, CRT If cards, JP10 to the type. the instructions. these high they off the DC the supply and to latch-offstate. This the supply, the Restoring the Supply, below.
Restoring the To operation, follow these Turn off the and off least seconds to the supply To the of the high and the the following: Ci 95F (35C). If this the the to cooler supply there around the the back and of the the cover and both and the there around Cl of the supply the to the option option the option card(s). the causing the overheating, allow the to least (about 78F or 25C). This the thermal If the cover, Then the If the supply off Troubleshooting B-9
If using the following: If think know the the and Chapter instructions. If the to or instructions. (You or and If the and to below. If know the and to New below. If and the following to the B-10 Troubleshooting If when the information, as Network Chapter TURN OFF POWER AND CORRECT JUMPER SETTING TO ENABLE PASSWORD CHECKING off the and follow the instructions the Chapter to the function.
If and to there to the tl the existing the function. To of these procedures, the board. If and the the off You should the existing to to without to existing below, instructions. If the function, the existing that If to anymore, follow the instructions the function below. existing If know and to follow these to the existing Turn off the Then follow the instructions the Chapter to the function JP5 to A. B-11 Troubleshooting
the Reference and turn the You the the appears, highlight and Then the Chapter and follow the instructions to However, when the to the Reference and off the Then follow the instructions the Chapter to the function JP5 to B. If the A. Turn the You the and the the operating to and The already the the function If to the function. If to to easily follow the instructions existing To the function, follow the instructions the Chapter to the of JP5 to A. B-12 Troubleshooting immediately. This clears the existing to the and highlight EXIT AND SAVE when
New If and to follow these Turn off the Then follow the instructions the Chapter to the function JP5 to A. the Reference and the You the the appears, highlight and Then follow the instructions the Chapter to and highlight EXIT AND SAVE when this the Reference and off the Then follow the instructions the Chapter to the function JP5 to B. If the A. Turn the You the If the to the or write and If the to the TURN OFF POWER AND CORRECT JUMPER SETTING TO ENABLE PASSWORD CHECKING B-13 Troubleshooting
If with the the following: If the displays when or the the securely connected to the Connecting the Chapter instructions. If the properly, the function the the only as numbers. If the the right of the If nothing when type the The Not Respond, If with the C. B-14 Troubleshooting [G] to off the function. If to the of the function, the and Chapter
the following: If there the that the switch and that its light If the light the the and the SNOOZE VGA temporarily Press to the If nothing, to the If the switch the light off the seconds, and back to the displays If the light the outlet Turn off and from the Then the outlet and to the connected to the Connecting Chapter or instructions. and match, and, switches or the properly. Connecting Chapter and the that with and instructions. chosen the type the the Chapter Troubleshooting B-15
If to the the type of and the and software. If EGA or VGA or another type of that to the JP4 to the built-in VGA or the the instructions. If with the as C. If the the where bought the B-16 Troubleshooting If or cards, to the of JP6. This the whether or and the factory. If JP6 incorrectly, CRT If using of cards, JP6 to the type. the Chapter instructions.
If or the following the the properly? On 5%inch to the or the You the or the the from the and with the facing If the the and to another of the type, the the other and the operation. If the the below. Check to the right type of trying to 1.44MB 720KB If the right type write-protected. On 5%inch there write-protect the notch its or there notch. On the write-protect switch to the write-protect or there switch. You write-protected function properly the write-protected. the the operating instructions formatting Troubleshooting B-17
You incorrect type when the the to the Chapter instructions. of the following MS-DOS Abort, Retry? Cl reading writing If of these the properly the and then the operation If the the and If the the COPY to the from the to If there something with the the operating or the information the incorrectly. This the of these B-18 Troubleshooting of includes of other Cl expected CHKDSK to the repairs; MS-DOS instructions.
If or with follow these the and C. If the If the yourself, follow the instructions Chapter the instructions and to the correctly. the to the type of as of Chapter instructions.) If with the the and C. If the If the further examination of sounds B-19 Troubleshooting
If with The the of installation, or The this section cover three the the Accessing the the section that to include Accessing the If that (such as formatting the to back or the the If with newly-installed the following: If the that about the B-20 Troubleshooting
If the yourself, follow the instructions the instructions and to correctly. the to they correctly. If physically the physically (or initialized) and operating If physically formatted, yourself. If the with its own that follow the instructions A. the (which already physically as follows: the to as of the Chapter instructions.) the MS-DOS, and MS-DOS. Step-by-step instructions these MS-DOS If another operating follow the instructions that with that physical from the software- based formatting commands (such as the MS-DOS SELECT or FORMAT commands). If physical the below, information. B-21 Troubleshooting
If the correctly, the the and MS-DOS (or another operating the operating to to the operating from the If the properly and as the that each the correctly If the Accessing the If and reduction performance, the the become You to back and then compaction to the information. If with back and physically the Then to the operating and back the and operating instructions. If or read/write the physical B-22 Troubleshooting
Software If with the following If the that following the the and that correctly. If and the directory that or specifying the directory. If the A. high or While properly the the software to this the and the necessary. the Chapter instructions and information using copy-protected If MS-DOS command that to there combinations type to the command. These the tl the the it to commands. If when type the Follow the instructions Chapter and and B-23 Troubleshooting
If the turn off seconds, and back Then If of these software the software technical Below to follow with If the and information, You with the to which connected. If the the If that the and properly connected to the (Also, or instructions. the DIP switch or These properly with the the If than or than the know which the and which the secondary instructions to the and using the B-24 Troubleshooting
If properly functioning, from the MS-DOS the displays the MS-DOS (such as C> or A>), (such as properly they to what If that the instructions. instructions with the interface) or the (RS-232C) C these tests. If the and [Print]. This should the of the If to the internal of the (or To this, the MS-DOS MODE or SETMODE command. and MS-DOS B-25 Troubleshooting
Option Card If option and function properly, the following: B-26 Troubleshooting the option correctly? well-seated its the Chapter and the instructions that with the the DIP switches or the option the instructions. the the board? Chapter information. the to the Chapter option option to early input/output ready to properly. If JP15 the board to to the early input/output ready Then the If correctly, If the option to to the to the to the the back the the software with the option option or software instructions.
If with or the following: LI the securely connected to the and the The the Chapter tl If option to JP7 to the built-in and the the instructions. If with the Microsoft and the operating properly or within to the MOUSE7PT.EXE Follow the instructions below. the MOUSE7PT.EXE The MOUSE7PT.EXE which that the unchanged. Follow these to and MOUSE7PT.EXE: the and directory where the MOUSE.COM Reference A. B-27 Troubleshooting
the COPY to MOUSE7PT.EXE from Reference to the directory that the MOUSE.COM MS-DOS instructions using the COPY command.) the directory that the MOUSE7PT.EXE and MOUSE.COM the following and to the with the to the the memory. There to this: If already the the the B-28 Troubleshooting MOUSE7PT MOUSE.COM newmouse.COM (where newmouse. COM the the This that to the the to the .COM. If included the MOUSE.SYS CONFIG.SYS to MOUSE.SYS as .SYS .COM. Ci the of the the MS-DOS and then the AUTOEXEC.BAT (or another batch to include the of the MS-DOS instructions.
Memory If memory to and that memory operating properly, the following: to that the memory (JP8 through JP14) correctly and that they match SIMM Chapter instructions memory If the correctly the memory count displayed the incorrect, or the correctly. They the they the type of SIMM, or they the that the memory count the 384KB of memory 640KB and 1MB.) If the to the yourself. If the Memory Chapter and the instructions properly. to the or memory to memory Chapter instructions. If with write that appear and Troubleshooting B-29
Math If the math to operating properly, the following: If the and the 80486SX with 80487SX JP1 through JP3 to that Chapter instructions. the to the math as the If as the math incorrectly. and information. If math as the to the Reference C instructions. B-30 Troubleshooting to the yourself. to
C Performing This to the operation of and its peripheral the Reference the whether correctly. The the of this the testing. You the following each of which reference numbers: board 2-Memory and CRT graphics and CRT and 7-Math interface) (RS-232C and C-1
To the turn or with the Reference A. If the other To the follow these the Reference A. Turn or the The appears. If the Press the the connected to the Then of the testing. This includes the that currently installed, C-2 Performing to off the function. or to and then DEVICE LIST Memory graphics and CRT and interface) (RS-232C and DEVICE LIST (Y/N)
If the correctly highlight and If from this or to the Then the C-5. If the built-in VGA or EGA or VGA with should include item graphics and CRT. If the built-in VGA or EGA or VGA with should include item and CRT. the only those items. If to to the and MS-DOS or another operating should the from or from the to the Reference from A. If the Then to the commands the CONFIG.SYS and AUTOEXEC.BAT or and C-3
Selecting Option the often to option from There to this: tl the arrow the of the option and this the first option highlighted. If to that option, already highlighted). If to option this the to to that option. Then to You C-4 Performing to highlight the option and then to to the previous to to or
the If from the to the testing. At the following N. DEVICE LIST (Y/N) You this To to the The displays of other that currently included the You to this: Additional DEVICE LIST Highlight the item to and You as as necessary. the To from the The displays the Select the item to You as as necessary. the correct, The displays the If the correct, and CRT Math to DEVICE LIST Performing C-5
Selecting From the the to the the to the You this of to You specify that the of the to testing of only; once To the once, The of the selected. To the You this (Y/N) Select to terminate the or to the You this To the once, To the than once, type the of and C-6 Performing
the of to choose from. Instead, the that to If chose to the than once, the the and then them the You this the the tests: If while of the to terminate the From If the that and appears. If to the the You this To without the N. ready and Then If the ready, the following and appear: Correct the and to or to On to of the (Y/N) correctly. correctly (Y/N) Performing C-7
the the displays this Printout finished. Press ENTER to to the The of the following It to the If and terminating the the that caused the The below the You of the when appear the that the operation of or to to the to the of the these the the of this Memory the C-8 Performing the memory and displays memory count
and CRT graphics and CRT Attribute Character Graphics Screen Light and of the Math the of the math the interface) loop-back (RS-232C) the loop-back the secondary to of Attribute Character Graphics Performing C-9 of
and The following the that appear testing. board CPU ROM counter counter Refresh DMA C-10 Performing Read, the of the to with the of the the secondary to the included loop-back
(continued) board (continued) timeout write CMOS shutdown CMOS CMOS CPU instruction Protect Protect Memory Memory or and CRT character graphics light Performing C-11
(continued) graphics and CRT character graphics light and Math C-12 Performing addition subtraction
(continued) Math (continued) interface) (RS-232C high Timeout and Head correction Performing C-13
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU memory ROM RAM Math 80486SX 80486DX2/50 of CPU; 80486DX2/50, internal only; high/low selection through software or command; memory high 4MB RAM the memory memory of 256KB, 512KB, or 640KB, through memory 256KB or 1MB to 16MB (or 128KB (includes and VGA BIOS) both ROM BIOS and ROM RAM 80486SX with optional 80487SX clock, and CMOS RAM; Specifications D-1
RAM Interfaces RS-232C, asynchronous; D-shell monodirectional; D-shell D-2 Specifications 32KB high-speed RAM, board; 8KB integrated software Supports to of four 5?&inch, high-density, 1.2MB; 5?&inch, 360KB; 3Winch, high-density, 1.44MB; or 3M-inch, 720KB; optional board Supports to interface board VGA with 1MB of memory built board; non-interlaced only; to or (non-interlaced) or to
Option Option DIN, PS/2 or other DIN, PS/2 ISA input/output and software 200W, fan-cooled, input thermally protected to VAC and to VAC, to VDC Amps, VDC Amps VDC Amps, VDC Amps to half-height or full-height internal third-height and half-height or third-height and full-height externally-accessible Specifications D-3
Function Condition Non-operating to to to to to to condensing) to to to to to to C) C) C) Physical Characteristics inches D-4 Specifications to C) to C) to C) (country-dependent) QWERTY function inches (without
Source AC Reference AC type Reference ANSI C73.11, NEMA 5-15-P IEC North America 125V, 10A 240V, 10A to 16A CEE IEC IEC HD21 UK 240V. 10A BS BS 1363A IEC IEC HD EN ASTA ASC112 240V. 10A IEC HD North 240V, 15A ANSI C73.20. NEMA 6-15-P, IEC UL UL/CSA Listed, SJT. 18/3AWG. or 16/3AWG, or <HAR> 300V, 10A or 13A <HAR> 300V. 10A <HAR> 300V, 10A <HAR> 300V, 10A UL/CSA SJT 18/3AWG. 300V, 10A Specifications D-5
Memory 16MB memory 1MB 640KB The BIOS and VGA BIOS 128KB EPROM. The 64KB BIOS and 32KB VGA BIOS ROM RAM the The and VGA BIOS ROM the through the D-6 Specifications BIOS ROM: 64KB* memory: 64KB (MDA or CGA) memory: 64KB (EGA or VGA) memory: 640KB memory VGA BIOS: 32KB*
or that the location where information memory. that to, or acts the Application software to such as or spreadsheet ASCII American Information representing characters, such as numbers, and graphic ASCII character of computers, and ASCII Asynchronous of which character to another that to to AUTOEXEC.BAT The batch that when MS-DOS. Batch
The that the to switch from high to when of or that created the or memory The memory the below 1MB that to MS-DOS and programs-usually 640KB. memory or memory. Batch type of that of commands command. MS-DOS, batch text with the .BAT. each type the MS-DOS the commands that BIOS ROM Memory) that basic input/output of the operating or The of The of the or of charge. To the operating the memory.
or of that character. memory high-speed type of memory that information from or memory where CGA Graphics type of that to of with characters each graphics or four-color graphics Character that the or the includes numbers, and graphic CMOS Complementary type of of or instructions. software or of instruction (usually to to function.
Command The or that MS-DOS and ready to instructions. The the and directory. If C, the this: C The of of typical consists of with and to command when and another the that instructs the to function. memory The memory to 640KB) operating and memory or memory. Copy-protected type of that copied. copy-protected to the the while the to instead of high
CPU Processing Unit. The of the that instructions, the track of and input and operations. Cursor The highlighted that shows the The of that read/write head. The of to the of the of heads. Information such as text or graphics or which (as to or that when the turned or temporarily or the of that of and such as or
containing instructions that allow to and The and procedures the to its internal and its DIP switch switch. switch option or that function. Directory of of directory shows the location, and of the the directory. directory both and The and The physical that allows the to from and write to which sealed protective of coated with to permanently.
that of the computers option to the interface. The the the displays text and graphics. this VGA built the board.) DOS commonly operating that the input and type of that allows to as as the 360KB of 720KB of The of colon-for C EGA Enhanced Graphics type of that allows to high-resolution graphics It to of text with characters each or or graphics to Expanded memory Memory that specially written MS-DOS with Expanded Memory Specification (EMS) such as EMM386.SYS. 3M-inch
Memory Memory 1MB that the protected of the and to and operating VGA of the built-in VGA when and These include text to or (non-interlaced) and to of characters that to to of related of information records, or together Text of and of and to and instructions. to characters that MS-DOS to
Format To (or to that information. Formatting and sectors and locations Graphics and other The to amounts of It and than physical of such as or CPU. High-density type of that allows to than or high-density 1.2MB of 3M-inch high-density 1.44MB of Input/output (I/O) Interface physical or software to or
that option or the board to function. containing copy-protected that the while the (KB) to memory or One bytes. LIM EMS of the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification-a that allows to memory that MS-DOS The board built containing the the to Math that the to mathematical and graphic this the includes built-in math and the with 80487SX with built-in math MCGA Graphics type of that or graphics
MDA type of that displays text only such as or (MB) to memory or One 1024KB. to (of internal clock). second. the operates or and operating Memory The where Memory (ROM) or temporary (RAM). Memory board that memory chips. You 256KB or 1MB memory to the memory the to the memory. memory commonly SIMM memory Memory The memory optional memory the MGA Graphics type of that text and graphics.
of CPU CPU. that allows to telephone and The of that the and displays information. that displays such as or as to which with or buttons. the the the the MS-DOS Microsoft The operating commonly with Network The which the other connected to The write to and from the other the
Network optional that security that operating as Non-inter/aced the built-in VGA that refreshes the the from top to The the right of the The which the commands. the or and operating of (such as MS-DOS, MS OS/2, or UNIX) that operations. The operating the and input and Option the to such as OS/2 The operating Microsoft that and
The type of interface that the of Interface and to that the what to and information such as what to and where to or to the of that the of the count or parity. The operating to sections or You and or The directory specify to the the SALES, the subdirectory BUSINESS, \BUSINESS\SALES. Peripheral (such as or connected to that the its operation. physical input/output where peripheral
that the to its internal and each The of characters type the to and to characters and include numbers, and o that instructions and what to and to Prompt the displays to information or what action to Command RAM Random Access Memory. The of the memory to and while RAM when turn off or the to or To from to another. when text the reads the from the and displays the
Read/write head The physical that reads and records the of clock battery-powered clock the that of the and when the off. To operating or using operating information RAM. RGB type of ROM Memory. The of the memory that and temporary ROM its when off the directory The top-level directory MS-DOS, (backslash). other of the directory. RS-232C used, type of interface. You RS-232C to the built-in
o section of that which the The procedures to its The type of interface that Interface and RAM The that the to the ROM BIOS and ROM the RAM of memory to processing. S/MM Memory Software The that to the and Subdirectory directory or of that branches from another subdirectory or from the directory.
Switch option to that the the Switches usually the /S switch to FORMAT command, MS-DOS the operating the as of the to the functioning correctly. that the operating and allows to the Tracks resembling the record, which to the areas. UNIX operating that and to UNIX with of computers, from to VGA Graphics type of high-resolution The VGA built the board of graphics to or graphics to
To To the from write-protect the notch the of or the write-protect switch write-protected, or its 5%inch
option release release optional RESET light TURBO light light