This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to and reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following Cl or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected Cl the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS WARNING FOR CANADIAN USERS
EPSON EISA
Inc., or warranties, or implied, or with to anything this and warranties of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of information from the of the information this and to without The and tone C copyright and the EISA of Corporation. Other and of their respective Copyright America, Inc. California Y735991001 IMPORTANT NOTICE COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning; or cleaners. of the the or and the and the back or or cover these the or or heat the the type of indicated its If of the type of or If to the Germany, the following To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected Computers to properly grounded (earthed) outlets. If to the to outlets the as or that switch and off. Instructions
allow the to become or If with the the of the of the the the rating the cord. Also, the of products the of this through the as specifically this to service the yourself. servicing to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or B. If the C. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions. of other and often technician to the to operation. D. If the or the E. If the performance.
Instructions instructions conserver tous instructions toute chariot, type protection On tout fiche services marche-arrt.
branches rallonge. branches On service service service A. B. C. refuse instructions. instructions Tout tout service. D. E. performance.
Introduction The EISA as or high-performance workstation. It incorporates the EISA Industry Architecture) Its features and to the peripheral and software while with ISA technology. includes the following features: tl CJ 4MB of RAM memory SIMM to 64MB of memory 2MB, 4MB, or 8MB 8KB of CMOS RAM EISA information high cache memory and math One built-in and built-in interfaces IBM PS/2 and EISA with EISA and or ISA IDE interface to to and to Introduction
The built-in interfaces peripheral (such as and directly to the the optional such as SCSI or computers EISA allows the to I/O boards throughput. the EISA burst of to 33MB of through the EISA The EISA EISA boards and the information ISA boards. The that the The EISA offers other features to performance: RAM This to tl the and BIOS. You the to of from to highest to with of software. security. You or Introduction
Optional to the board, the memory to 64MB. On the board, or another the You of other options, such as or SCSI with authorized to which options Software with three (Reference and containing the following software: EISA ISA ISA boards low-level formatting HDDPARK to the read/write heads ESPEED to the CHGCTR to and information. Introduction
to This This to and as as to options and tests. It cover operating operating instructions and Although should to follow the Chapter and Chapter to and to everything this the following chapter to the sections Chapter instructions Chapter to the to Chapter instructions operating such as locking the cover, and the operating Chapter to and the cover and front to the internal Chapter instructions and to and the tests. to hardware-level C troubleshooting the technical specifications the At the of the and Introduction
Where to If purchased of the United States, please or the location and service. International locations the of this back cover. If purchased the United States, America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the Customer Technical with the installation, and of products Assistance locating Authorized or Service of ribbons, and Customer Relations technical information service Product with technical specifications and products. Introduction
Chapter This chapter the to the first It the and outline of the to follow to using It to the country the and information. to the to Instructions the of this the of These instructions information about properly and operating correctly.
It to choose location location the following: and attract electricity, which the and inches of around the freely. cool, and from humidity, and sunlight or other of heat. interference. too to such as telephone, that field. to the Source information. the If 5-inch to the from the This the factory to the read/write heads the
This section the follow to peripheral and instructions these the sections specified below. optional to to such as math memory or EISA option cards. ISA option ISA to Optional below. and the Connecting Peripheral Devices below. Then Turning On Computer, below, the the Country (CHGCTR) to the and information the Country Utility, below, instructions. The Process Chapter to with the of the the as Chapter to If other ISA option to off the the cords, and peripheral from the switches or ISA necessary, and them the instructions option cards.
of operating and other the that with software instructions. Optional The first should memory or EISA option to ISA option ISA to You the of ISA the This information about the and switch the ISA option Follow the instructions and to optional to computers option option cards. You to the cover to the Chapter instructions. finished optional to this chapter connecting the peripheral to the
Connecting Peripheral Devices You to peripheral the the first If ISA the to those to the If other to them to the ISA cards. You and to the You to this back cover foldout to the the of the The following the built-in interfaces the back of the Although the and physically them interchangeably. to the and the the connecting peripheral the buttons or switches the and the peripheral turned off.
Then the the following peripheral to the the cords to the and other necessary. the their outlets. to the section Turning On the ready to turn the first, the following to or yourself: or or when the Cl the with the tl the when its cover off. turn off or while light This Ci least seconds off the This allows the to clear and its memory. Ci or of its the of
Cl off the the cord, and seconds the cover. the cover to internal the Country the Country or other operations, to AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS country the Reference You this the Country This that the and information the country select. The the first from the Reference Country the following countries: tl United States tl United CI Cl The country United States. the instructions the section to the country and the AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS to the country and the the Country section.
the Country the first To the Country the first from the Reference follow these the Reference A. Turn or the RESET the Country The includes the following and country United States. country (Y/N) If to the country United States, You that the Then the the to If to another country You the following: Press US (United States) Press F2 UK (United Press F3 FR GR o Press F6 SP (Spanish) Press other to the country Press the function country. The the and displays the
the following to the and the The AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS Reference countrys and information. Whenever from the Reference the the country. The the of the and clock to the country. should the to the AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS and the Press to the title If to the the information If to the from and off
the Country If to the country and information, the CHGCTR Follow these the Reference and A. At the A> type CHGCTR and You the information the Country this If to the country IN). You that the Then the the to the following to the and the country (Y/N) If to another country [VI. You of the function to to Press the function the country The the and displays confirming the should the to the AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS and the Press to the title If to that Chapter instructions.
The AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS Reference the country selected. The the of the and clock to the the country selected. If to the Reference from and off
Chapter The with the Reference allows to the to the following: You the to other You to or such as memory, or option cards. the the CMOS and SYSTEM.SCI. this information each and assigns based the options selected. If to or another SCI information. Learn about the the and Copy the (CFG) option the and option or Information (SCI) Access other such as and
The first the from the Reference and to from there. How to This Chapter This chapter the following four CI The the aspects of the It to the or with the and to tl Configuring instructions the and the which should the operations. CI to and should to to operating such as Read The Process first to with aspects of the process. Then the operations the they If to or the or respectively.
The This section the following operations: Ci the the or with the (or CFG) information to the about functions and its efficiently. They instructions switches and ISA cards. You to Reference each using the EISA with the CFG to allow the to the automatically. EISA information. ISA option with the CFG this If ISA the Reference You write to the of option and CFG the ISA and than If ISA the However, should the of and then follow the instructions that with the to of its switches or
the If when the to the below of the to the and items. If with the below. of the which to operations. Follow the instructions each Whenever the <OK> highlighted, to OK To the the or highlight and commands The first the operating and then Then using
To options, the the option and the once to highlight and to the the the the arrow indicating the and the Release it to that this chapter instructions when to the You should the when the operations. The information. You the following Highlight option to of its function. tl Select EPSON EISA information information about each the process. Press the or whenever The following appears: EPSON EISA Selected item or boards EPSON EISA Press to the information then
Follow the instructions this section and to the You the following Starting the Follow these to the from the Reference the Reference and or the the title the Press to You the the and or boards; when option the the or the of this selection to options and switch the as the If EISA option to the Press to
Press of the process, highlight Learn about the and of clock, as below. You the Learn about Access to other from this If EISA option the first to containing CFG the EISA the Reference the and Follow the instructions the to the and then to finished reading the three (You to to the to to the
the and The clock continuously the and when the turned off. The first the the and You them to clock seasonal such as daylight The the years. Follow these to the and At the You such as the following: The highlighted. Correct as necessary. You the arrow to the and the Then At the You to the the and as below. The the and from the shown the country chose when the Country Chapter information.) You the
Performing the Follow these to At the You this Select and the information about If to of the the Select and follow the instructions the to or option and CFG to Reference the section information. and follow the instructions the to or the of option and board. the below information. Select to the switch or to ISA Follow the instructions the finished to the CMOS and the You the without the necessary. Follow the instructions the EPSON EISA information or boards or switches and [K]
or Select or boards when to or option The displays of the with of boards or that The EISA cards, the ISA information. Follow the instructions the to or option option the that with the Follow the instructions the to the CFG to Reference the or from the to Follow the instructions the to the of these options or to their assignments. You advanced operations the Advanced the Advanced the chapter, information. You the options they and the options or the board If EISA option to options the card(s) appear the beneath the EISA option information about card(s).
The below the each of the board options. options
options (continued)
board options (continued)
options (continued) Non-cache caches of memory the memory the below. You to three 16KB, memory selecting the option and the or option such as SCSI should the these boards as to memory conflicts.
The following the of this and the that with to the type the Then that type the If type the and
8425F. ST125 CDC sectors track) XT1085, Newbury NDR1085 1323A. HH1050. ST4053 IDE 40MB (type OOMB (type 200MB (type The BIOS the Heads, and to these The the following: Heads and Advanced To advanced operations, the or You the Advanced boards information SC1
The below the operations from the Advanced and its Advanced options
CMOS, the or the SYSTEM.SCI. You SCI with or another EISA You to that includes of option cards. Then, whenever to that the SCI and it CMOS. If IBM AT or another EISA the Then the SCI to the and that CMOS. To SCI follow the the section. To SCI when to Loading SCI below. Creating SCI You SCI the following Select SCI from the Select the as option from the SCI when using the advanced CI the and the to SCI when
The to the SCI the SYSTEM.SCI; this the of the third when the This protects from the that CMOS. instructions Loading SCI To SCI and the CMOS, follow these the and the Select SCI Select the SCI to from the of SCI the and the SCI the CMOS. You SCI selecting from the SCI when the This allows to the while the or another the option the currently the the to the information the SCI
You the including the with of the commands this section. You these commands to the from that MS-DOS the necessary to the first. The SD the and allows to that or of the other the Access to other The CF the other You the including or the SD or CF as the the SD Command If to the from first follow the instructions Copying the to below. Then follow these to the SD command: To the from the Reference and A. the following and To the from the and directory where the SD to the
The below the to the the To the the /N to the affects the the operates; of the other the SD command. SD the CF Command If to the from first follow the instructions Copying the to below.
Then follow these to the CF command: To the from the Reference and A. To the from the and directory where the Then type the following and The below the to the the CF CF to the
Copying the to To the from the MS-DOS operating from that To the from the Reference to the the A, type the following command, and where and the and directory to which to the COPY A:*.* [path] I:
Chapter This chapter the following operations: II the the Cl the heads. the Computers You the cover the to users from its internal To the cover, the as shown the and clockwise. To the cover, the as shown the right and counterclockwise.
If when the every the Follow these to the the following The the characters type. Then OK the Then the operating If turned and booted from to Network below. If the the incorrect and another to the You to the If the the third the displays the following The the and Press RESET and try to the
or You or when the Follow these Turn the You the to To the type the the the to and to to ABC, type: Press Network If as to unauthorized users from commands the To this security, the C To the type the only The what type. You confirming the or and then the operating
If the the the operating or the software. Once commands the and the operating and software the This allows other the to the unauthorized from commands and using the from the the (as would turned off). The to unauthorized users from knowing that required. If the from the Chapter instructions using to and Then follow these to Turn If from the the and should to Press such as to the command. If incorrect the respond. the and the You try as as The what type.
If from the as You or when from the bootable and the Then or the as the section. If the the off the high and as as other high the TURBO light You the (or the Chapter If necessary, temporarily the commands or the ESPEED High the highest and switches from high to whenever the You other the Chapter information. and only the to this the
If often copy-protected to to to when the and to high when finished. There three to the LI the (temporary the ESPEED (temporary If that the to or occasionally, should the commands or the ESPEED below, to the Commands To the of the commands the below. commands You the located the The RESET or off the or or
You the commands while that of these commands another function, to the the the to the to the to Another to the ESPEED below. the ESPEED ESPEED allows to the to high or or the to automatically. This the commands or to include the batch The ESPEED with the Reference If Reference and the to the If from which MS-DOS, the ESPEED.EXE from Reference and the from there. To the ESPEED type the following the and (F] ESPEED
You of these ESPEED If include the when type the ESPEED command, the displays the and options. The RESET or off the or to the Heads If to to location, to the heads to the the You this the HDDPARK HDDPARK the read/write heads to the that and them securely the including the their heads when off the If this, or that to the HDDPARK
Follow these to HDDPARK: the Reference and that HDDPARK and and off the You HDDPARK selecting Access o other from the of the Then You the HDDPARK.COM and HDDPARK.VER to and the from there. heads and the The the
Chapter Accessing To internal to the cover. You to the front and the subassembly (the that the The instructions this chapter to these tl and the cover and the front and the subassembly post-installation procedures. the following Precautions the procedures this chapter and and the following to or yourself: While this instructions of optional reservations about tl off the to the and peripheral and then least seconds the cover. First the from the outlet and then from the back Then peripheral from the including the and Accessing
Every the cover, to ground touching the of the back If properly grounded, electricity and Also, those that this instructs to from the or (such as the the to from CI or to correctly. with the the the the LI the cover turn the or the overheat. Removing the the cover to of the following: Ct or option or memory the to its or or other Accessing
Follow these to the cover: Turn off the and peripheral connected to Then the from the outlet and from the back peripheral that connected to the including the Turn the around facing the back If necessary, the cover. Chapter instructions.) the three thumbscrews the back turning them counterclockwise, as shown below. (The screws they the off.) Accessing Infernal
the of the the front of the and back as shown below. Then and off the the You the computers front to or from the or to the subassembly from the Follow these Turn the facing the front Accessing
Release the the front to the as shown below. You to screwdriver to release the Once these free, the of the front and straight as shown below. to the off this or off the and RESET buttons. If off, back its Accessing Infernal
the Subassembly You to the subassembly first only or or that mounted to the supply. Follow these Turn the facing its front Disconnect the supply and from the of the which connected to which easily them the holding the supply and to the of the subassembly, as shown the following Then the from the Accessing Infernal
the back of the subassembly the its as shown below, and the back the subassembly slightly to release from the beneath the front Accessing Infernal
the subassembly the and from their the board. the subassembly of the and the Subassembly Follow these to the subassembly: Turn the facing its front the and the necessary) connected to the the board. the subassembly and the front of through the the front of the the the front of the subassembly the the front of the Accessing
the back of the subassembly the If necessary, the beneath the back right of the subassembly with the the top of the supply. Then the subassembly the Gather the and and them the the of the subassembly, as shown below. the Accessing
the supply and to the of as Chapter the Follow these to the front Turn the facing its front the the front with the RESET and that from the front of the front with their notches the Then the front straight the as shown below. Press the front the to the the notches the If the front the front and Accessing
the Follow these to the cover: the cover the front the top of the front the three thumbscrews the back to the cover to the the cover the the and other peripheral Then the to the back of the and to Turn the facing the back the as shown below, and the front the Then the back of the cover. Accessing Infernal
Post-installation Procedures or to the Reference information. The the information about optional such as memory or math Chapter instructions. If that low-level to the the that with and then, necessary, follow the instructions to You to newly-installed option. options with their You the following options with the Reference memory and Cl instructions. Accessing
Chapter and This chapter instructions and the following optional Option Math Memory It includes instructions and the to or to math At the of this chapter, of board and the boards. to these to the the boards. of the the and then the cover, as Chapter finished or options, the cover as Chapter then follow the Post-installation Procedures to and
the following to board. and
to the below to board. 486DX/33 board 486SX/25 board and Removing
Option Cards option each of which of the following types: EISA option tl ISA option ISA option option the the that with the that the the the its and that the the the The below the Option each Amps Amps Amps Amps Amps Amps Amps Amps Although supply protected loads, the option that than the shown this and Removing
Option Cards Follow these to option Unpack the option and switches or necessary. the option instructions and of the and switch when the Chapter information. the screw from the top of the option cover and the cover, as shown below. the screw to the option to the the cover the option and
the the with the as shown below. If the other of the the the front of the the to as as the of the to the back of the with the screw. Option Cards If to option the outlined to the option cover the to the and Removing
Boards with board. To the board, math (486SX/25 only) the with board. Removing the You to the board to or the board, or to board. Follow these Disconnect to the board and connected to other that the board. the screws the board to the of the and Removing
the straight and of the board interface back and forth. If math the board static-free with the facing and the Math section this chapter. If the board, it location. the section instructions the board. the Follow these to the board: the the of the board the the board. the straight the or back and forth. each of the board with the screws. If disconnected to the board, them. and
Math the when using It increases the which graphic displayed when graphics-oriented software. You the following Math follow the below to the from the instructions. the that the boards to and the top of the board from the math the necessary.) and
Turn the that the the shown below. the with the the and the the the board. Removing Math If to the math from board, The extracting and to without this easily and If the math the permanently the to the the
Memory with 4MB of memory memory which the board. You to increase memory to 64MB. There SIMM the board. or SIMM. The The SIMM as shown below. the back the four (U12, U13, U14, and U15) and the four right-hand (U16, U17, U18, and U19) as shown below. and
The below the type of these SIMM The usually first their of or and then the of they the of the with to the type of You these performance, however, follow these each with four of the tl first and then the highest and the or and
The below of SIMM SIMM Factory Once where to follow the instructions below to them. If to the four 1MB that with Memory Memory Follow these to If necessary, the board to the SIMM It to the the farthest from the first. Then the to the board. and Removing
the SIMM and, the the top to the and clicks the and the and Removing each SIMM its notched the back of the then the as shown below.
and each SIMM to Memory If to memory from follow the below. the information to from the It to the from the to the first. Then the farthest from them. each SIMM to the SIMM the and that the the both or screwdrivers to the the SIMM each to the too or they the the SIMM to the right the SIMM. and
Chapter and Removing The instructions this chapter to and optional You these instructions to of including and from the the If or follow these instructions, although of the this chapter apply. the that with information. This chapter to the following: the the IDE (Integrated Cl or the or internal of the procedures below, the cover as Chapter You to the front and subassembly; the instructions this chapter when this necessary. and
the Correct to half-height or of third-, half-, and full-height shown below, there the and the internal The to three the following One third-height and half-height One third-height and full-height tl You half-height or full-height the internal and Removing subassembly internal
If to the internal This the to If the the cover the front You 3-inch the internal the 5-inch or 3-inch with 5-inch mounting attached. You to to each the of these (and their screws) the with The instructions this chapter to them. the IDE You to the or IDE The the whether or You to If the below to If and leaving another to the the to that the and
If the each to which the (primary) and which the (secondary). The the from which the The following shows the location of the the optional 200MB IDE If another type of the location, and there four instead of The 200MB C/D and DSP. four HSP, C/D, DSP, and ACT. and Removing
the to the below. If 200MB from each the the the To or the To or the the section. or Removing the This section to or You these instructions to or another type of the that with instructions. and
On each of the there with four as shown below. You to the the of the and where to The third-height that with the the top of the instructions that with the to the and
Follow the below to the the following that with each to each of the as shown below. each with screws. Ct Ct four screws (with attached washers) (with attached washers) wrench. and
the the as shown below, the screws each with the the the the front of the the threaded the front of the subassembly. Then the the the the to the with the You to the the the (or other externally-accessible should of the and its should with the front should the the If necessary, the front (as Chapter to the the correct, the to the and of the Then the four screws, the back the and the and
of the supply through P5) the the of the subassembly. (You that the notched corners the and the the back of the as shown below. Then the the the If or to If to If A, the the of the If B, the FDD2. If connecting the TAPE DRIVE ONLY. If the that with instructions connecting the and
the with the interface that the the with the the interface, as shown below. Then the To the cover the the front the of the Press outward the cover as shown below, and the cover. and
the If first this the with If the to internal the front and cover as Chapter then follow the Post-installation Procedures to the with the the the with the with the the with the as shown below. Then the If first IDE the to the the board. follow the instructions Chapter to the subassembly. Then the to the board (This IDE, located to the Next, follow the Chapter to the subassembly. and Removing
Follow these to from the Disconnect the supply and from the back of the to as shown below. the wrench to the the to the front of the as shown below. and
the from the front and If IDE from the and only the from its the board. First follow the instructions Chapter to the subassembly. disconnecting the from the board the subassembly the as Chapter If the from the front of the to the front cover that Turn the front the Then the cover the seated the both the front and cover as Chapter then follow the Post-installation Procedures to and
or the You 3-inch internal If first the farthest from the supply. If first or or the to the supply, first the front and subassembly as Chapter The following to these tl the and
Follow these to internal the supply and from the already as shown below. the four screws the to the internal and Removing
If IDE already the from the the If to the Connecting the below. Follow these to (or the its mounting screw the of the and its supply and the front of the subassembly, as shown the following Then the the and If IDE and another the the the to that only the following and then instructions the
the that the four mounting screw the with the the Then the with the four screws that with and
If first the that with You this to the the board. This IDE, located to the the supply and as below. Connecting the Follow these to the supply and If the subassembly of the follow the to each the internal You of the through P5. If the subassembly the supply to the the and the to the IDE the the with the notch the notch IDE
the each the internal If the subassembly the to the the instructions the notched corners of the with the notched of the as shown below. Then the If first attached the to board; the first that If the attached to other the that and Removing
the and the the of the subassembly. the front and cover as Chapter then follow the Post-installation Procedures to and To the the with the interface the that with the interface that as shown below. Then the If connecting the that with instructions connecting the
You the following the tl board Cl memory LI tl Cl printer(s). than type of the A-7 of the each The the and the to back or this to this
Starting the Follow these to the the Reference and or the the title the Press to the From the Access to other Then prompted, the Reference the Reference and then You the top of the screen with Items Detected highlighted. Press You of the the to the correct. If the correct, I-] to and the to properly. Then A-2 the from the Reference to This clears from memory protected terminate-and-stay-resident (TSR) or other and frees the
To from the Items Detected the them, follow these Press Press finished the correct, each If to from the You to the to Tests. You the such as the following: Memory COM2 or Ir) to highlight the to and The from the You as as It) to and the Tests section. A-3
If to to the Items follow these to Tests. You the such as the following: Press The the that the You that from the to to them. Press [tl to highlight the to and The from the and to the Items Detected You as as finished and the section. A-4 It) or LPT2 LPT3 LPT2 or It) to
Follow these to from the Press Press If to the once, If there the testing immediately. If there than the of selections, such as the following: It) or to You the such as the following: Memory COM2 to highlight the to or and You seethe often to than once, type the of to and HARD DISK DRIVE(S) AND CONTROLLER CHECK MEND Read, A-S To the
the completed, the or the You another or the From If from information Follow the instructions the to the If the and appears. If to the the You this To without To the The the Then of the the the the of this A-6 or or type the of the option to highlight and then If selected to the than once, The immediately the that To You to the of the (Y/N) to to and and and
The below the The the to back or this A-7
The following the that appear testing. A-8
A-9
Formatting This to low-level (or physically) This should confused with the operating The physical formatting of that the factory the If with factory-installed or optional IDE already physically formatted. You follow the instructions operating to If that with its that to physically the You to the this chapter to physically that the low-level and with its own If whether formatting necessary, Physically formatting to back to the the formatting and formatting the operating physically or to logically the using operating Formatting
its becomes causing the to efficiently or If this operating procedures to the If those procedures (or the to the following the instructions this chapter. Starting the Follow these to the formatting the Reference A. Turn or the the title the Press to You the Press Press At the highlight and You to the Reference the Reference the Reference and B-2 Formatting You the to highlight Access to other and
Formatting New To that the Format option. You to the track to when the with of tracks, the tracks the Other (such as with the already You the Format Format The option choose whether formatting or reformatting The options as follows: Format first the track and which to as Then the and the they to the read/write or tracks and the this option writes and reads the that You this that checksthe without You this that formatted. B-3 Formatting
Reformatting Used To follow these the option to tracks. If the back to the option to the track the Format option to the Selecting Option this often to option from There to this: LJ the arrow the of the option and You option that appears the the Formatting If than this Select the first or the Then the instructions below the Format option to B-4 Formatting highlight the option and (IT), IT], It], [:I to
Option I, Format If Format from the Format the following with (If the already track this to tracks.) Select to the or to the process. Next the following Format Scan to information? (Y/N) If the the and these the process: Scanning tracks... Head You the head and as the the the displays the such as the following: Scanning finished. Count of Count of with other Count of recommended sectors (Y/N) Formatting B-5
Next this B-6 Formatting to the recommended sector the factor) of this allows to efficiently. other to this the that with the To the Then to To N. You the following sectors the recommended which the sector the Then recommended sectors head (Y/N) the of another type of the the the To the Then to To N. You the following sectors head the recommended which the sector the The sector the type. Then
The allows to the At the of the this the Defective Track If to the the following options the of the To track, follow these Press the of the containing the track and the head the and (To the operation, entry, appears the and the track, necessary. track (Y/N) Select to the as Then the section and to Formatting the B-9. To to the the section. Defective Track to track with track, C track, track, editing IA]. You this You this head without Formatting
If the to the incorrect track and to the from the the the as track. The and head and to the of the If or head of the of appears and the to the the tracks, without Then the the the correct, [F). The displays about the of proceeding with formatting, as the section. the ready to formatting the the following warning: If to the N. If the chance to Select to formatting or to B-8 to the or WARNING! ALL DATA WILL BE DESTROYED IN ALL PARTITIONS OF HARD DISK, NOT JUST IN MS-DOS PARTITION! to formatting (Y/N) DOUBLE CHECK THAT YOU HAVE BACKUP DISKETTE COPIES OF ALL YOUR FILES. to and (Y/N)
If with formatting, You the head and as the formatting the and of these: Press Option You of to and them, they The writes, reads, and information every of the that already as tracks. If this the that caused the If think that causing first the to the Format started. Head Format finished. tracks... head Format completed. Press ENTER to to the to to the Format B-9
To this from the Format You these the each track, the to the the displays the of the including of that write, as the following: B-10 Formatting Read/Save/Write/Read/Restore/Read tracks... finished. Count of Count of with write, Count of write, detected. Press ENTER to to the
If the track, the this: To these as You of the as they the to to the Format Option The and to the of this To the from the Format You these Tracks Head Head Head Head Confirm to the the Track Table as tracks. to the as tracks? (Y/N) tracks... B-11 Formatting
the each track, the to the the displays the of the such as the following: finished. Count of Count of with read, Count of read, detected. If the the displays of the that the Then this Press ENTER to to the the information displayed. Then to to the Format Exiting the To the Format You to the Reference the Reference the Reference and of the other or to the If the or the option, with operating operating instructions. B-12 Formatting
C Troubleshooting You should as and of the ordinary to this You instructions. If the or the Where to the Introduction instructions or service. ready to the of and its You should the of the ROM BIOS, as as the and of operating and You the the back If to the to information. Follow these to the other information: Turn or the RESET the its memory the of ROM BIOS appears the top of the the (This included information.) Troubleshooting C-Z
At the the command to the of operating and then the of built-in memory (ROM) of These internal every the The RAM displays count of the memory currently If the the or sound tone that the such as If the serious, the further The and there the the or the and to when reporting The below the and tone C-2 Troubleshooting
tone Troubleshooting C-3
tone (continued) C-4 Troubleshooting
or If with the or the the below. The when Turn off the and the following: securely to the that the and cords completely their tl the to The the below. The If the operating the caused factors. the following: First correctly and properly operating this chapter information. Cl If and then the RESET to the C-5 Troubleshooting
If think the caused physical the follow these and then turn off and the and peripheral and then the cover, as touching the back of the the to of the internal and that the board and option completely seated their Then firmly, gently, each the to that they completely seated. the cover and the and as Chapter Turn and try booting If the operating C-6 Troubleshooting
The when type. If turned the the following: securely connected to the Ct If the and below. If software these procedures: If or it to its If reasonable of to the Cl Press If the off and least seconds. If bootable A. Then the and the If of these software or software technical The operating. operating its supply that the they operating This protects from to overheating. [=I [T] [E) or the RESET to the software and the Troubleshooting C-7
these high they off the DC outputs the supply and operating. This the supply, the of the high To supply operation, follow these Turn off the and off least seconds to the supply To the of the high and the the following: the causing the overheating, allow the to cool least of about C). This the thermal If the cover, Then the If the supply off follow the to the C-8 Troubleshooting Cl supply that nothing the the back of the both and the there around Cl of C) or If this the the to cooler tl of the the D-4 to the option option the of card(s).
If using the and using the section below that the You the nothing the and You three to correctly the If this RESET to the and If turned when type and to If the or RESET and You to or the Chapter instructions or You the If the and follow these Turn off the the cover, and the function the to A. instructions the and the location of the If option to the follow the instructions Chapter to them. Troubleshooting C-9
the cover. Chapter instructions.) If bootable A. Turn the and allow to the operating Then off the the cover, and the function the board to B. the cover. the Reference and the You the the as the and as the C-10 Troubleshooting If option cards, follow the instructions Chapter to them If to to anything the If to to Select or the board. Then highlight the option and CA3 If to
the securely connected to its If or the below with There the Cl the securely connected to the the and the tl that the switch and that the light the If the light the the brightness and to the outlet the the the to If turned network when and then booted from the the Follow the instructions Chapter to C-11 Troubleshooting
The correctly. and match. Also, switches or the properly. the that with and instructions. chose the type the the recommended switch and Chapter CI If to the the type of and Also, the and software. LI turned the or the to the the Cl to the or the to the right type of tl If the the another and the operation. If this the below. tl to incorrect type when the Chapter instructions. C-12 Troubleshooting
If think there something with this section. You or with If with that the about the The or If the yourself, the instructions Chapter the and the correctly. that the to the type of as of the Chapter If the the A. If the C-13 Troubleshooting
If think there something with the below. You with newly-installed If the about the LI If the yourself, the instructions Chapter the instructions and the to correctly. Also, the to they correctly. If that physically This type of usually the yourself. If the with its utility, that follow the instructions B. that the to Ci type correctly. Chapter If the and tl properly the the instructions operating the the If the the A. If the the CI from whom purchased the C-24 Troubleshooting
You reduction performance. Cl The the become You to back and then compaction to the information. Cl If or read/write the physical the the as A. If the the from whom purchased the Software LI the the and that correctly. tl or specifying the and directory. CI operating software to this the and the operating of the necessary. the instructions and information copy-protected LI If with software, software or the technical C-15 Troubleshooting
the and properly connected to the (Also, LI the the DIP switch or If than or than the and secondary the to they correct. Chapter instructions. the A. If the or Option Card Ci the option properly its the and the instructions that with the that the to the LI to the DIP switches or the option the procedures the software using with the option option and information that C-16 Troubleshooting If with the A.)
If necessary, that the to the to the option Memory tl If the memory count displayed or the incorrect, or the correctly. The the they the type of SIMM, or they the their the of to the or memory to instructions. If with write and CI that securely connected to its tl to and memory correctly. If the to the yourself. If them, Memory Chapter and the instructions correctly. C-17 Troubleshooting
that the built-in option the correctly Chapter information. If with the that with troubleshooting information or Math Cl the and that the math as the or the board. If or the incorrectly. and information. the that with the troubleshooting information and procedures Cl the the instructions. C-18 Troubleshooting to the math yourself. information about that to
Specifications memory BIOS RAM EISA 8KB SRAM; battery-backup clock, and CMOS RAM Interfaces RS-232-C, ISA asynchronous; ISA 4MB RAM 2MB, 4MB, or 8MB to 64MB type BIOS; 64KB BIOS EPROM; 64KB BIOS FLASH ROM Automatically the BIOS from ROM RAM; RAM BIOS and BIOS software Specifications
DIN, PS/2 or other DIN, PS/2 Option EISA and ISA option allowable and software and the board to of these Interface the board to IDE with D-2 Specifications 5-inch, high-density, 1.2MB 5-inch, 360KB 3-inch, high-density, 1.44MB 3-inch, 720KB Supports optional
CPU memory Math 486SX/25 board: 80486SX, 486DX/33 board: 80486DX, Both boards: and other through software 486SX/25 board: 8KB internal cache the 80486SX 486DX/33 board: 8KB internal cache the 80486DX 64KB 82485MA-33 Turbocache with write-through, cache memory and 486SX/25 board: optional WTL4167 and 80487SX 486DX/33 board: internal the 80486DX and optional WTL4167 to internal half-height or full-height externally-accessible half-height and third-height or full-height and third-height Specifications D-3
235W, fan-cooled, input thermally protected to VAC and to VAC, to At Amps; Amps supply The to seconds Option D-4 Specifications
Physical Characteristics Height or typewriter function inches inches inches (without Specifications D-5
Source D-6 Specifications
Memory of the memory memory and the BIOS the type of Specifications D-7
or that the location where information memory. Application software to such as or spreadsheet ASCII American Information representing characters, such as numbers, and graphic ASCII character of computers, and ASCII of which character to another that to to AUTOEXEC.BAT The batch that when MS-DOS. Batch The that the to switch from high to when
memory The memory the below 1MB that to MS-DOS and programs-usually 640KB. memory or memory. Batch type of that of commands command. Batch with the .BAT. type the the operating the commands that sequentially. BIOS ROM Memory) that basic input/output of the operating and the or The of The of the or of charge. To the operating the memory. or of that character. memory high-speed type of memory that information from or memory where
CFG that the with the information about or option EISA and ISA with CFG CFG ISA included the Reference CGA Graphics type of that to of text with characters each graphics or four- graphics CMOS Complementary type of of or instructions. software or of Command The or that operating and ready to instructions. The displays the and directory. If C, the this: The of of typical consists of with and connected to and
command when C and another the that instructs the to function. optional that the to mathematical Copy-protected type of that copied. copy-protected to the the while the to instead of high CPU Processing Unit. The of the that instructions, the of and input and output operations. The of that read/write head. The of to the of the of heads. Information such as text or graphics or
or that when the turned or temporarily or the containing instructions that allow to and The and procedures the to its internal and its DIP switch switch. switch option or that function. Directory of of directory shows the location, and of the the directory. directory both and of the option to the interface. the the displays text and graphics. known as
DMA Direct Memory Access The through which and I/O This intervention. DOS commonly operating that the input and type of that allows to as as the 5-inch 360KB of 3-inch 720KB of The of colon-for C EGA Enhanced Graphics type of that allows to high-resolution graphics It to of text with characters each or or graphics to EISA Industry Architecture. IBM that the ISA architecture to and allows than to the easily.
Expanded memory Memory that specially written MS-DOS with Expanded Memory (EMS) Memory Memory 1MB that the protected of the and to and operating memory that allows to the DRAM the FLASH memory rewritable, memory. BIOS information FLASH memory Format To (or to that information. Formatting and sectors and locations Graphics and other with of and
High-density type of that allows to than or 5-inch high-density 1.2MB of 3-inch high-density 1.44MB of Input/output (I/O) Interface physical or software to or ISA Industry The or IBM computers. that option or the board to and function. containing copy-protected that the while the (KB) to memory or One bytes.
LIM EMS of the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification-a that allows to memory that MS-DOS The board built containing the the to The to to the geographic location of within the memory Math optional that the to mathematical and graphic MCGA Monochrome/Color Graphics type of that or graphics MDA type of that displays text such as or (MB) to memory or One 1024KB.
to (of clock). second. Memory The where Memory permanently ROM) or temporarily RAM). board that memory chips. You memory to the board the to the memory. memory commonly SIMM memory Memory The memory option the MGA Graphics type of that text and graphics the of CPU that allows to telephone and
The of that the and displays information. that displays such as or as to which with or buttons. the the the the MS-DOS Microsoft The operating commonly with computers. Network of they Network The which the other connected to The write to and from the other the Network optional that security that operating as
to the to SCI another This from the information the CMOS of the which the The and the right of the The which the commands. of (such as MS-DOS, OS/2, or UNIX) that operations. The operating the and input and Option board the to such as OS/2 The operating Microsoft that and The type of interface that the of Interface and
to that MS-DOS what to and information such as what to and where to or Parity to the of that the of the or parity. The of characters type the to and Pathname The directory specify to the the SALES, the subdirectory BUSINESS, BUSINESS\ SALES. (such as or to that the its operation. physical input/output to which that the to its internal and each
board to the containing the cache memory, and math RAM Random Access Memory. The of the memory to and while RAM when turn off or the Read/write head The physical that reads from and records the of clock battery-powered clock the that of the and when the turned off. To operating or operating information RAM. RGB type of
ROM Memory. of memory that only and temporary ROM its when off the directory The top-level directory MS-DOS, (backslash). other of the directory. RS-232-C used, type of interface. You to RS-232-C to the built-in SCI Information The created the that the information about the option and of allocated. The SCI SYSTEM.SCI. Interface input/output that of option to interface and SCSI peripheral Sector section of that which the
The type of interface that Interface and RAM The that to ROM BIOS information the RAM of memory to processing. SIMM Memory Subdirectory directory or of that branches from another subdirectory or from the directory. Switch option to that the the Switches usually preceded of to they functioning correctly. that the operating
Tracks resembling the record, which to the areas. UNIX operating that and to UNIX with of computers, from to VGA Graphics type of high-resolution To the from write-protect the notch 5-inch or the write-protect switch 3-inch write-protected, or its