This EPSON
This First EPSON EL 486UC+ this to started. around reference because information about and to technical when EPSON Direct the and software (such as MS-DOS and Microsoft already installed. to follow these procedures when internal options. If purchased optional that the computersuch as option cards, memory or should these first. and instructions. the Follow the Chapter of the to and to the SETUP and other software. and other software to the that with the instructions. to of the to and software.
VGA and If that to of the VGA and that with to the of built-in VGA the To the README the instructions. Where to EPSON the following services through EPSON Direct and the EPSON If with software the that with technical EPSON Direct: EPSON Technical with the and of EPSON products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON Customer Assistance with Service of or EPSON products through EPSON Customer relations EPSON technical information service Product and products.
CompuServe If the to helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON products through the America CompuServe. If currently of CompuServe, introductory membership as of EPSON This membership introductory CompuServe ID and to Serve CompuServes monthly publication. To of this offer, the United States and and other countries, the following U.S. or CompuServe If already CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America
Record lnformation to write information about You easily to this Purchase Otherdevice Otherdevice Option cardsinstalled: and Windowsversion and Software EPSON of Corporation. EPSON Direct and EPSON service of Inc. Other only and of their respective Copyright Inc. CA
America representations or warranties, or implied, or with to this and ofmerchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of information from the of the information this and features to without EPSON of Corporation EPSON service of America, Inc Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. California, USA IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heat or the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the as specifically this to service the yourself. those that covered the operating instructions. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected Computers
instructions instructions conserver tous type Tout branche photocopies marche-arrt tous branches tomber
EPSON offers the following features: 486SW 486DW 486DX2/ or 486DX2/ 4MB of internal memory, to 64MB and BIOS RAM SKI3 of internal cache, with 64KB, 128KB, or 256KB of cache 512KB of memory, to 1MB Math built the the DX and DX2 VGA built-in and built-in One built-in PSI TM and built-in PS/ Three and half-length ISA option DX2 to the restricted the heat assembly the to four externally and security. Introduction
the built-in interfaces, of directly to the to option cards. You the option to with such as or interface The RAM the and BIOS the RAM of memory. With the 512KB of RAM, the VGA to and to or or non-interlaced). to 1MB of RAM, the to If everything to already options to performance. The the MS-DOS operating and Microsoft@ TM the to of and and ready to VGA with VGA with the integrated VGA interface. With these of the VGA such as high and text when If these already If to them yourself, README to the VGA Introduction
OptionaI You easily memory and of options, as below. instructions and Memory 4MB, SMB, 16MB, and 32MB memory to the board, the memory to 64MB. Memory You increase cache memory to 64KB, 128KB, or 256KB SRAM the board. Additional cache allows to performance. Memory You memory chips to increase the memory to allowing to higher with You with these 486SXJ 486DW 486DX2150 486DX2166. Introduction
Math You when with DX or DX2 because built the 486DX and 486DX2 chips. to four including CD-ROM or expand, apply however; information. to This This the information to the from You to everything this the following chapter to the sections Chapter instructions and connecting peripheral such as the and to the SETUP to You to this the first or the Chapter covers operating such as the the and the Introduction
Chapter to and the cover, and optional such as option cards, and memory Chapter to and Chapter troubleshooting the of and the operating that tested At the of this Index and of U.S. and international locations. Used This This the following the Introduction
Where to If purchased the United States or EPSON and service through of Authorized EPSON Customer EPSON services through the EPSON the United States, GO-EPSON. the EPSON the following: with the installation, and operation of EPSON products locating Authorized EPSON or Customer Customer relations EPSON technical information service Product and products. You purchase or EPSON products from EPSON (U.S. only). GO-EPSON. technical ready to and its and to the Chapter information. If purchased the United States or EPSON or the location and service. International locations the of this Introduction
If with software the that with that technical information. CompuServe If the to helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON products through the America CompuServe. If currently of CompuServe, introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: introductory credit CompuServe user ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication. To of this offer, the United States and and other the following U.S. or CompuServe If already CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America Introduction
Introduction VGA Optional Memory Memory Memory Math to This Used This Where to CompuServe Chapter Your-System Started Choosing Location Connecting Devices Connecting Connecting Connecting Connecting or Other Connecting the Cord Turning On the Turning the the SETUP Chapter Starting the SETUP The Option the and the
Checking Memory the Drive(s) The Option The Advanced Option Memory Memory Chipset o o o The Security and or o the Access Option The Summary Option Exiting SETUP Procedures Chapter o C o o and Command or C o o the Chapter and the the Cover Locating the the the Memory Removing Option Card Option Card the Option Card Connector
the Option Card Connector Memory the Chips the Chips the the Chip Post-installation Procedures Chapter and the Removing the Mounting Connecting the the the Mounting Bracket the On the Mounting Bracket From the the Connecting the and o o Reconnecting the and to the the Post-installation Procedures Chapter Troubleshooting The The Not Software Option Card Memory
Specifications CPU and Memory o SETUP Physical Characteristics o Option and Colors Tested from EPSON Option Information Connector Assignments DMA Assignments Memory I/O Index A-2 A-3 A-4 A-4 A-4 A-5 A-5 A-5 A-6 A-6 A-7 A-7 A-8 A-10 A-11 A-12 A-13 A-14 A-15
Chapter This chapter to It includes the following information: Connecting peripheral Turning the and off. Started Follow the instructions below choosing location and Choosing Location ready to choose location that the following: and attract electricity, which the and Select cool, and from humidity, and sunlight or other of heat. inches of around the freely.
interference. too to such as or which field. with the cords the Unpacking these items: include EPSON PS/2 and with the operating and software already If purchased optional that wasnt the factorysuch as option cards, memory or these options and instructions.
Connecting Devices the below to the the back of as the and other MOUSE PA RA LLEL Connecting To the the arrow the the K/B. Connecting If with EPSON PSI to the built-in To the the the MOUSE
Although the and the and physically they interchangeably. to the the or If already to instructions. (If the the Connecting You VGA to the built-in VGA as below. (If using type of to the instead.) top of or the Turn the and around the facing There should with the (to to the and the (to to the On monitors, the permanently attached to the If attached the to the the and with the Sport the Then the the To the to the when
If the screws, them. the the the back of the the other of the grounded outlet or the outlet the back of the Connecting or Other bidirectional and To or other peripheral follow the instructions below. the Follow these to the to the that the facing the of the with the and If the screws, them. the other of the to the To the the each of the and them the grounded the the back of the
the If or with interface, it to of the (RS-232C) the back of the with DB-9P To the of the COM1 and COMC. If only the COM1 Connecting the Cord Follow these to the cord: the the the back of the the other of the grounded WARNING To shock, to the the the
Turning On the ready to the the below to the of front front from the this the following to or or peripheral (including the or or the off. off or while light This the the with protective the
least seconds off the to to the the of Follow these to Turn around the front and other If there protective the Turn the and other connected to the Turn the the the right of the front The lights then the screen the BIOS and copyright information. The its which of that everything correctly. to F2 to the SETUP and SETUP.) the its testing, displays the If necessary, the the to the Then to the process. If necessary, the to the brightness and easily the characters the If and to them to the
to the SETUP to properly. First off the as below, then Chapter instructions. SETUP, to Procedures what to Turning the Whenever turn off follow these and the light and the light(s) to they off the light the or from the Press the to off the Turn off the and other If to (such as Microsoft or the first or of that If the operating such as C: or A: If there operating the once the operating
Chapter the SETUP You to the SETUP the first If to If to the or the and You to the SETUP or the following: such as type(s): and type or selection of or selection of advanced features performance booting options security and features. SETUP allows to summary information about The SETUP and the factory the ROM BIOS (read-only memory, basic input/ The information of memory CMOS RAM. This memory backed battery, it when off or the the SETUP
Starting the SETUP these the following SETUP, this Press F2 to SETUP. This the seconds. If the and try If the hear and this Press F2 to SETUP. SETUP displays the From this the options to and then to CMOS. If and the ROM or the previously CMOS. The below the to SETUP operations. the SETUP Press <F2> to SETUP o o
SETUP function Whenever SETUP, the of the the to The Option this option, the From this the and type, memory, and the the and The clock continuously the and when the turned off. Once the and should to them, the or (The the years.) Function Selectsthe F6 or or Selectsthe F9 Loadsthe the Selectsthe or factory valuesforthe option the previousscreen the SETUP the
the The option allows to the type of If VGA that connected to the built-in VGA EGA VGA If connected that VGA to the CGA or the option. If the onboard VGA to the Chapter instructions.) Checking Memory with 4MB of RAM SIMM. MS-DOS and that MS-DOS the first 640KB of memory. The memory 1MB memory. the BIOS the memory automatically. You the memory the Memory and Memory this SETUP You these they what them to that the SIMM(s) securely seated their Chapter to the SIMM the Drive(s) On the 3.5-inch high-density the You another of or capacity; this B. the both and them necessary. the SETUP
The Option The options the of this option, the From this with Press when the Autotype option highlighted. The the type of and the the If using or the If when the Autotype ishighlighted and the match to included the If to type or the the section instructions to type. If the match the detected the or to with other than the type. of and their To type, follow these the to and the each field that SETUP, the SETUP
The Advanced Option this option from the the Advanced From this options that allow to the cache memory and memory, and the advanced chipset the Advanced options To should the these Memory The Memory options or manually them. If cache, cache memory performance, and If choose to the cache memory (rather than the the write and burst and non-cacheable of memory. However, to the these features. Memory The the Memory options or manually them. You or of and memory and the of ROM this the SETUP
RAM than ROM. The options this allow to the of its and/ or ROM RAM. operations increase performance. If the ROM located these to the Chipset The Advanced Chipset options or manually the the chipset these correctly increases performance; however, them incorrectly to malfunction or to the option to to the these options to the performance, the and the options to Enabled. the SETUP
the from the the These options allow to the and the information the when The option the which the the when the operating If A: then C:, each the first to the operating from A. If operating the from C. If C then A:, the to the operating from C first. If C operating the to from A. If C only, the to the operating from C only. If the option to C: only, the option the to the the option the to the The SETUP POST option allows to the Press <F2> to SETUP that You to this to unauthorized users from the SETUP when the however, SETUP F2 within the amount of the SETUP
The POST option allows to the and the Press to <F2> to that when the If this option, the and as normally would. Its to this option the summary option, the summary that when the If this option, You the selecting the Summary option from the The Security and the Security and option from the the Security and The options this both and You specify whether when the The Access option allows to the or to from from or You both and this If the than to and others to to the instance, to to the or the protection features. the SETUP
If the option, the or each the If this option the each the SETUP If both and SETUP displays options the only users who with To first follow these to or Select the option and You the to then You of to characters. the and You that Press the The IS option to Enabled. To the option and follow the To follow these the option to Disabled. the both the field and the field. Dont type characters these the SETUP
Then the the If the Access Option The Access option allows to to based the This users from the and possibly introducing You and the option. If this option the the who the with however, when or to the If the Access option, the whether the or You the SETUP allow to the To access, the option. If Access, the option whenever to the SETUP
The Summary Option the Summary option from the the SETUP displays summary of the This the You choose to the this information this option. Exiting SETUP SETUP, or SETUP without You to the factory To SETUP, SC from SETUP From the the following: ROM from CMOS the to CMOS to to CMOS. Press SC to SETUP and the SETUP Loads the factory ROM back CMOS. If and then the ROM to the and the CMOS SETUP options. This using SETUP.
Procedures SETUP the first to the operating already operating instructions. Once operating software to instructions. You to the optional of (If these already the README included information. If to applications, the the SETUP
Chapter This chapter the following operations: Working comfortably and or the the the Working Comfortably the to hips, and and wrists as to as often and stretch, and around. back. as If the as This reduces and strain. Also, closing them or focusing the
and Removing To 3.5-inch the with the facing and the leading the as shown the following the the clicks directly front of and about arms from The top of the should slightly below the the that light reflected from the lighting that isnt too bright. to bright light of of when the with Too force Also, enough to the or other freely.
To 5.25-inch the with the facing and the read/ write leading the the completely the the to the the to the the light off; then the release or the latch. the and properly. Command or You to command or while If DOS or that to of the following: Press Press Ctrl C Press Ctrl If these to the as below. off the to or to, the the or off while light You Also, off the
the Occasionally, to clear the memory without turning off. You this the and the to to operating and memory that necessary. the to and when them. If the without properly exiting the the operating the or A; the operating A. If DOS, Ctrl and and If the option SETUP to C: only Chapter the operating the when the If selected A: then A:, the operating then C: or C: the or A. If bootable that the of the operating A. If using MS-DOS, Ctrl and to the You the located the front of The displays nothing and then the the operating
If the the to off and from the off the and seconds. If bootable A. Then the SETUP, both and You whether when the This to the If the option SETUP, the or every or the If the option, the when SETUP. If the Access option to Supervisor, when the If the Access option to Supervisor, when the the type each character type. the the operating (or SETUP). If the the first type If the the third try, the to unauthorized access. You the
You off the and You the using the the Ctrl and If to or the SETUP as Chapter If Chapter the (the of or The to with operating the light TURBO) the front the operating the light off. You should everything and the software to this the copy-protected the to while the These usually to disk-the that the protection-in the If copy-protected the to to the and to fast when finished.
You the temporarily of the following commands from the To Ctrl and then the the This off the light. To fast Ctrl and the The light The of the following: Turn off the with another the of J25 (as Chapter You the commands while the of these commands another function, to the
Chapter and You the performance of optional such as or memory option cards, or This chapter first to cover to options and to the cover when finished. It then the following: Locating the internal the and memory and option and the option board memory cache Once Post-installation Procedures options or when the turned or the connected to the and
the Cover You to the cover to of the options this chapter or to or (as Chapter Follow these to the cover: and Removing Turn off the and then peripheral (including the and the from the outlet and from the back that connected to the including the If the top of the off and to Turn the around the back facing the three screws the back
the of the cover and straight as shown below: the cover Ground to the touching the of the back WARNING to ground touching the back of the every the cover. If properly grounded, shock that when touch and
the ready to the cover, follow these the internal properly. those that might of the they catch the cover. the front of the cover the front and the chassis of the and straight the the three cover screws. the to the and other peripheral Then the to the back of the and to and
Locating the follow the instructions this chapter, to the below to the and
the The of that These the factory to the below to the the board. These the to Other the board service only. and Removing
the information the following to necessary. Factory You MS-DOS to reassign and MS-DOS information. CPU and Removing
If the of these the If to follow these to the to the If there option to them to the where the the the following to the and To the the You traced the board and
option instructions. To from to the other, or to off its and to the to the or the board. and Removing
Memory with 4MB of memory SIMM. increase the amount of memory to 64MB. There SIMM the board. You 4MB, SMB, 16MB, and 32MB The following shows the SIMM memory other the front of the facing BANK the right. the below SIMM 3MM and
tin-plated, or that of (nanoseconds) or the the the off and then follow these to the front of the facing to the to the SIMM the right of the board. option that to the SIMM instructions.) the SIMM the SIMM as shown below. and
the SIMM the seated the Then upright, as shown below, the each of the SIMM the each of the SIMM If smoothly, force the and option instructions.) Removing If to from (to ones, the turned off and then follow the below: the front of the facing to the to the SIMM the right of the board. option that to the SIMM instructions.) and
or screwdriver to the that the SIMM each as shown below. the the SIMM to the from the If necessary, follow the to the other SIMM. If follow the instructions to them. option as below. and Removing
Option Card This section to option three and half-length to of option option cards, these and Removing Usually which option as as the fits the the to that touching or other or If DX or DX2 to the heat or heat assembly mounted the the option to of the the board or the If to top of its with the facing the the the switches or necessary. option instructions.) Also, to the board. SCSI to to the IDE information
to the below and follow these to option If option to If using the supply, to the the cover. the the option the supply option the Then the option the screws the supply to the as shown below. to of the the from the option the covers easily. and Removing
the screw the option cover to the as shown below. the screw to the option to the the cover and the option and
the the top corners and the as shown below. (If the front of the the the front the of the to the with the screw. If the supply, as outlined Once the reach the the to You should the If it smoothly, force the the and and Removing
Removing Option Card You to option to the board-to You to to the option and follow these the screw the option to the Then the straight of the the with the facing If option the option cover and screw. Removing the Option Card Connector You to the option board to the board. Follow these option from the board the section and Removing
the screws the option board to the back of the as shown below. the straight and of its and and
the Option Card Connector If the option board, follow these to to the option the board its and straight the as shown below. the to the back of the with its screws. option and Removing
Memory with 512KB of memory the board. You increase memory to 1MB four DRAM, or 256KB DIP chips. This useful graphics-intensive or to the memory to properly, chips of the following (each consists of memory memory memory the Chips Follow these to DIP chips: the memory the board, shown If there option instructions. the board, memory this the to the chips. the and consists of the and
the memory chips from their and inspect each The should slightly than o If of the straighten them with or with to them with the other when this; the and off easily. of the chips the first as shown below, the the with the the the notch the of the with notch the and To electricity and the memory chips, ground touching the the of the back Then as stationary as while them.
Gently the the (to correctly If the with or flat-head screwdriver and the properly positioned, both of the to well-seated. through each of the chips. option instructions. displays the memory its memory You or 256KB of To 64KB of cache, SRAM, 8K DIP chips, and 8K To 128KB of cache, four SRAM, 32K DIP chips, and 32K To 256KB of cache, SRAM, 32K DIP chips, and 32K the cache memory to properly, the following (each four cache memory and
memory the Chips Follow these the cache memory the board, shown If there option instructions. the cache from their and inspect them. The should slightly than o and Removing To electricity and the cache chips, ground touching the the of the back Then as stationary as while them. If of the or crooked, straighten them gently with or with to them with the other when this; the and off easily.
of the cache the first as shown below, the the with the the the notch the of the with the notch the Gently the the (to correctly If the and the properly positioned, both of the to well-seated. through each of the chips. and J29 as to to the amount of cache option instructions. and
SETUP to the option and that the and options You these options from the Advanced as SETUP Chapter the displays the amount of cache the the You the with The following the to the the DX/33 the DX2150 and DX2166 the following to the to to Then the the instructions those and Removing
the Chip to the option board follow the below to instructions. the to the Ground touching the the of the back ground the Then as stationary as while the the the only the of its and
If the the and the Gently the straight and the from its and inspect the If they the and You screwdriver instead of the of the screwdriver the and the Gently the screwdriver the to from the the screwdriver to another of the and the from the this the straight from the The 486SW board that seated the or screwdriver the to the board.
the the the notched of the with with the as shown below. notch the the the the directly the the Then the straight the If from 486SX to DX or DX2 to the of and If to CPU with clock to the of J15. the and the If to DX or DX2 heat or heat assembly. Follow the instructions included with the heat instructions the option board. Then option cards. and
post-installation Procedures or options such as memory or SETUP to the Chapter instructions. Additionally, to commands to operating and the that with optional and
Chapter and This chapter to and optional You these instructions to of including CD-ROM or Although from the illustrated should to the to four You or the internal mounting the externally CD-ROM or To or first the cover as Then follow the instructions this chapter to and of the this chapter apply the the that with information. the internal from the the externally from the Reconnecting and to the the Post-installation and
the already the internal If high 31/2-inch this This section includes the following the mounting from the necessary) Connecting the the the mounting the the mounting to the the Also, to the of heads, sectors, the SETUP correctly Chapter and the that with this information. to option that to the Once the option Chapter instructions. and
Removing the Mounting If there mounting to to them the Follow these On there and grounding plate attached to of the mounting If the screws them to the mounting and the and grounding Then the screws each mounting to the and the mounting and
Connecting the To the to the to the and supply The attached to board. If to reason, Connecting the to the board, below, instructions reconnecting the to the board. instructions the and supply to the You should both the and the supply to the with the mounting You to them once the Connecting the to the board If to the to the board, follow the below. (If the already attached to the board, Connecting the and to the the with each and the and board
the the board. the board the that the with of the the board. There the to the the the the then the If correctly the with the when the and
Connecting the and to the Follow the below to the and supply to the the the of the the If the the the board, as shown below. There or the board to the of the containing the the that the with the the the the then the and
of the supply that from the supply. (They wires and the the supply that its notched corners with the notched corners of the supply the the the and then the If the correctly, when and
the Below the Mounting Bracket If below the mounting to the below and follow these the screw the mounting to the of the as shown below. the mounting the as shown the clear the the mounting of the and and Removing
the that the the and the four screw the of the the four as shown below. the the the the screw the of the the from to If the isnt seated correctly the to the cover the and Removing
the mounting the that the the mounting the the of the the the of the as shown below, the the the mounting with the screw. and Removing
the On the Mounting Bracket You top of the mounting rather than to the of the mounting and the below while following these the screw the mounting to the of the and the mounting the the clear the the the mounting of the Turn the and the four mounting the the the the the with the the and
the to the with four screws Turn the and the mounting then the the mounting the the of the the the the mounting with the screw. and If to flat-head screws to the to the mounting You purchase flat-head screws this #6-32UNC FH, M,+. Also, the both to which the and which the the that with instructions. If the within the internal the mounting the and of the the mounting with the the this the screw the front the mounting as shown the following
Removing From the To the outlined Then the and the supply from the back of the the the and them straight the the the screws to the mounting to the of the and Removing
the with 3.5-inch the externally You CD-ROM, or the externally If with 5.25-inch using the that with the the cover. Once the the cover, following the instructions Follow these to the the from the as shown below. and
or mounting from the instructions. the the with the front of the the (or that to access). and
the the of the with the mounting the Then both of the to the using the screws. Connecting the and To the to the to both the and Follow the below. If the (The the of the already connected to the board.) and
If with card-edge the (the with the the as shown below. of the that from the supply. (They wires and the If 3.5-inch with header the instructions connecting this and Removing
the notched corners of the supply with the notched corners of the supply (such as the shown below). the the and then the If the correctly, when them If the B; the A. You the assignments through operating or purchase Removing from the To from the follow these both the and the from the the screws the and notched corners
the and to the front of the then of the Once the the of the then the other You hear Reconnecting the and to the the If to the and from the the to the below while follow these to the the the the and the that the as shown below. the and Removing
the supply with the This attached to the board rather than the supply. the supply that the the The the with the the of the the If the correctly, severely when it Post-installation Procedures or and the cover to the SETUP to the Chapter instructions. and
Chapter Troubleshooting If as and to this chapter. You repeating software or the The troubleshooting this chapter such as The Within each with If the the the below to and of displays. Then Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON the U.S.) or GO-EPSON technical to the of its BIOS its (including the type of and option cards), and the and of software the the to information about Troubleshooting
the back of the to the BIOS the BIOS the when Software applications, About from the or the from the displayed when the or software MS-DOS CONFIG.SYS: AUTOEXEC.BAT: Troubleshooting SETUP and the Summary option to from the Then About to the At the MS-DOS type VER and to the MS-DOS At the MS-DOS type TYPE C CONFIG SYS and to of commands. At the MS-DOS type TYPE C:\AUTOEXEC.BAT and to of commands.
The Not The light the operating and the The and the powerlight the securely connected to both the AC the back and The securely connected, the the outlet Turn off and the cord. the outlet and it You or and to reconnected the internal and correctly. You option that the the A. You SIMM incorrectly. If the memory, nothing Check that SIMM(s) securely their Troubleshooting
If the the correctly. the correctly and that the connected with the board. Chapter The Not The reasonable of Ctrl If that the You memory that the the over-heated. If DX or DX2 heat the You the it respond. turning the off, seconds, and operating. You the supply. option the option Then to the option Troubleshooting
The when or the the securely connected to the and the Nothing when type the The Not Respond, The the properly. If the light the right of the to turn off the function. There the that the switch and that its light The light the the brightness and If the the securely connected to the If to the the type of and using the and software. Troubleshooting
The the powerlight Turn off the seconds, and turn back If the light the outlet Turn off and from the Then the outlet and If the light You the the If the latch. to the Also, to that the right type of the high-density If the the the another of the type. If the The the tight type, that the write-protected, the from writing to the the atted. operating instructions formatting You the Access option SETUP to Chapter information about the option and and Troubleshooting
You copying the from the to Something with the the If MS-DOS, CHKDSK to the You to or to this newly-installed properly. the correctly and the You when the SETUP and the type of The or Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON Troubleshooting
newly-installed properly or its performance what the correctly and Also, the You when SETUP and that the type. If and SETUP displays information that match to type. Chapter information. the the board correctly or the IDE Chapter information. the the correctly. information. You ate to the If and correctly operating operating instructions. Also, physically the physically the factory.) If physically the that with the to the operating that physical from software-based formatting commands, such as the MS-DOS FORMAT command. Troubleshooting
You redduction performance. The the become and compaction to the If or read/ write the physical service You You CMOS memory. To this, to the of to Chapter the J37, the seconds, then off This the SETUP to their factory Both the and the J37 back to Then of the SETUP to to. You You the Access option SETUP to Chapter information about the Access option and and Troubleshooting
Software The that following the the and that correctly. If the the If software The reading You that You to the Chapter information the Yourapplication the to commands the and try If the off, seconds, then it software, OS/2, UNIX, or NetWare, of 8MB to 16MB of RAM to correctly. software the memory If necessary, memory the instructions Chapter The that the and properly connected to the Troubleshooting
The information. the the DIP switch or Also, the and selected the within software Option Card option correctly. the option correctly and well-seated its the SETUP to the Also, procedures software with the option the that with the option to DIP switches or the The that the option to properly. Chapter information. to the to the reducing the option that the connected to the option correctly. the to the to the Troubleshooting
Memory The memory count the incorrect. You the incorrectly. They the type or or they the Chapter information If gold-plated SIMM of the the slightly. the SIMM and the gold-plated then the SIMM. isnt properly or the securely connected to the and the the correctly necessary). the that with instructions. You the or the I/O when The indicated If option with that with and the the to the built-in You then to to serviced. Troubleshooting
The amount of cache displayed the inconect. You the cache chips incorrectly. They the type, or they the Also, the SETUP or the to the cache. cache option to and both the and the options to Enabled. Chapter instructions the or information cache; Chapter instructions the SETUP Troubleshooting
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU Memory ROM RAM RAM 486SW to 486SXJ 33,486DW 486DX2/ or 486DX2/ and fast or the of selection through commands or To Ctrl to fast Ctrl the -or the 4MB RAM SIMM; to 64MB 4MB, SMB, 16MB, and 32MB tin-plated, or type with of or 128KB BIOS, BIOS, and SETUP located EPROM board 512KB DRAM board; to 1MB or DIP DRAM Supports of and BIOS ROM RAM Specifications A-1
Memory relocation Math Math built the DX and DX2 Clock/ Contained the 82C491 with of CMOS RAM; backed rechargeable A-2 Specifications Supports relocation of 256KB of memory from to and to to memory 8KB of cache (built the 64KB, 128KB, or 256KB of cache using 8K DIP or 32K DIP 8900CL VGA board; to to with 1MB of memory) to or and Interface board to IDE with built-in BIOS function
PSI interface built board; DIN PSI interface built board; DIN Option Three and half-length I/O ISA to DX or DX2 of the CPU heat assembly VGA interface or built board; D-shell One bi-directional interface built board; RS-232C, asynchronous interfaces built board; Specifications A-3
mounts: 31/2-inch one-inch high with three or option the supply 3.5-inch 720KB or 1.44MB 31/2-inch factor to half-height Otherdevices Half-height CD-ROM, or other 51/4-inch or 31/2-inch with mounting two-position height; or typewriter four-key function SETUP ROM; F2 and security characters) or A-4 Specifications Externally mounts: One 31/2-inch one-inch high and 51/4-inch half-height 5.25-inch 360KB or 1.2MB
Physical Characteristics inches inches inches without or UL listed, fan-cooled Option VAC VDC Amps, VDC VDC Amps, VDC to board; four to Specifications A-5
and Colors and A-6 Specifications
Tested Although software the following operating tested with Certified as workstation tested as NetWare tested and as workstation. become these tested. from EPSON options and this from EPSON, including the following: location information about Microsoft MS-DOS and DR DOS NetWare*2.2,3.12, and NetWare IBM OS/ SCO UNIX SCO Microsoft and Microsoft WorkGroups Microsoft NT software Specifications A-
A-S Specifications
slightly than Specifications A-9
Option Information options high-capacity, 1-inch IDE Select or the If neither of these optionsare the A-10 Specifications
IDEhard selection) CSis used, the isgrounded and grounded. Connector Assignments connectorpin assignments (CN3) *Active Signalground Signalground Signalground Signalground Signalground Signalground Signalground Specifications A-11
assignments (CN4 and CN5) DMA Assignments A-12 Specifications
Specifications A-13
Memory A-14 Specifications
Specifications A-15
I/O (continued) 3A0 3CO-3CF 3DO-3DF 3F0 3F8 6E2,6E3 AE2, B90,893 EE2, A-16 Specifications 3AF SDLC, 3BF Enhanced Colorgraphicsmonitoradapter 3F7 3FF AE3 EE3 bieynchronous2 and graphicsadapter