EPSON and troubleshooting
This tested and found to with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to and reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. Changes or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS FOR CANADIAN USERS WARNING
This and EPSON@
America or warranties, or implied, or with to this and warranties of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of information from the of the information this and features to without of Corporation. Other and of their respective Copyright Inc. California IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning; or cleaners. of the the or and the and the back or or cover these the or or heat the the type of indicated its If to the Germany, the following To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected Computers to properly grounded (earthed) outlets. If to the to the as or that switch and off.
allow the to become or If with the the of the of the the the rating the cord. Also, the of products the outlet of this through the as specifically this to service the yourself. servicing to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or B. If the C. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. only those that covered the operating instructions. of other and often to the to operation. D. If the or the E. If the performance.
Instructions instructions conserver tous instructions toute chariot, type protection On brancher tout fiche services marche-arrt.
branches branches reparation On service service service A. B. C. refuse instructions. instructions Tout tout service. D. E. performance.
fast, high-performance offering flexibility and expandability It the following features: 486SX/25, 486DX/33, or 486DX2/50 4MB of internal memory, to 32MB and BIOS RAM 8KB of internal cache 512KB or 1MB of on-board memory (512KB to 1MB) Math built the 486DX/33 and 486DX2/50 CI VGA built-in and built-in PS/2 and IBM (or ISA option Cl to three internal CI security. The RAM allows to the and BIOS the RAM of memory. Introduction
the built-in interfaces, of peripheral directly to the to option cards. You the option to with such as or interface The VGA to and to and non-interlaced), and to With 1MB of memory the VGA to and VGA with MS-DOS VGA and with the integrated VGA interface. With these of VGA such as high and when the VGA instructions. Optional You easily memory and of as below. instructions and of this Memory 4MB, or 16MB memory to the board, the memory to 32MB. Introduction
to three internal including or CD-ROM expand, which to This the internal clock Math If the 486SX/25, to 80487SX, This optional includes built-in math mathematical AIternate VGA If to high-resolution graphics graphics (such as to the VGA interface. This allows to the graphics features the while the VGA board. Introduction
to This This the information to the from You to everything this the following summary. Chapter covers operating such as turning the and off, and and the Chapter to and the cover, and optional such as option and memory Chapter to and Chapter instructions Chapter the formatting troubleshooting the specifications of At the of this and Index. Please the instructions and the SETUP Introduction
Chapter This chapter the following operations: Cl Turning the and off and the command or Cl the CI the Cl CI AUTOEXEC.BAT and other batch
If information turning the and off, and commands, or the the first sections this chapter. If with these aspects of operating to to learn about operations to such as using and the speed. Turning On the turning the following to or or peripheral (including the or or when the the with protective 5.25-inch off or while light This the least seconds off the This to the the of Follow these to Turn the and other peripheral to the
If operating A. If to the operating each the the operating to its memory. operating information. To the the located the right of the front as shown below. (SPEED) The lights seconds, the displays count of its memory, and then its This of the each to everything correctly. (If necessary, the to the
If to such as the to the first the completed its the following Press to SETUP If match the information the CMOS RAM through the SETUP Press to the SETUP to the information. Chapter of the instructions.) If to SETUP, about seconds the operating from the or the or, Access the the operating What If to (such as Microsoft@ or the first or of that If the operating such as C or A>. further instructions.
Turning the Whenever off follow these and the light and the light(s) to they off the light the or from the Press the to off the and then off peripheral and The allow to and then and This section and to: Cl of and Cl and Cl and Format
of coated with This that (M-inch or slightly (5.25-inch and It sealed protective to of and the that it and capacity. tracks, and sectors. Double-sided both On each tracks, which further sectors, which as The below of and sectors.
Double-sided and high-density tracks each and double-sided, or each or sectors track. consists of or top of another and four or than the of the capacity of the The of sectors the type of the read/write heads to and To write to the to the the read/write head where the to written. where the read/write head magnetically, and as record, and of The following the of and which to with them: 1.44MB 3.5-inch, double-sided, high-density, TPI, 144MB These sectors track, and to 1.44MB of information of MB which 1024KB (or bytes). KB which bytes. character, such as A, or
1.2MB 5.25-inch, double-sided, high-density, TPI, 1.2MB These sectors track, and to 1.2MB of information (approximately of 720KB 3.5-inch, double-sided, TPI, 720KB These sectors track, and to 720KB of information of 360KB 5.25-inch, TPI, 360KB (You 160KB or 180KB These tracks and or sectors track. With sectors track, to 320KB. With sectors track, to 360KB of information of You this section. and If than type of or of to of the and the following 3.5-inch type from and write to 720KB 720KB 1.44MB 1.44MB. 720KB
5.25-inch If write to this 1.2MB to or write to 360KB of the type and when (Usually this information appears the If to 720KB or 360KB 1.2MB include the command. operating instructions. If of the &MB, 1.2MB, 720KB, or 360KB) and MS-DOS, from to another-using COPY or as the type each You these commands to and type of the MS-DOS DISKCOPY command to from to another the the type. information, operating
and Follow these to and off the Cl from the or or off the while the light This light that the copying to or from If this process, from and of or scratch the and the read/write heads If that to write or write-protect This operating and protecting below, Dont them the or or heat this the from such as those telephones, and information magnetically.)
CI top of or wipe, or to and the type and top of another; this to and the the CI top of and they 5.25-inch its protective and the (exposed the read/write The to the If to write that already the or their protective and location, such as or them top of each other.
Write-protecting You write-protect to its from write-protected, and from or On 3.5-inch the write-protect switch the back of the the right shown below. To write-protect 3.5-inch the switch the of the clicks the To the write protection, the switch the of the clicks and the covered. high-density 3.5-inch the This the write- protection.
To write-protect 5.25-inch the notch (shown below) with write-protect usually included of 5.25-inch To the write protection, off the write-protect switch or notch they permanently write-protected. This protects them from or
and Removing To 3.5-inch the with the facing and the leading the as shown the following the the clicks to the the light off; then the release the and properly. release
To 5.25-inch the with the facing and the read/write leading the as shown below. the the the Then the to This the and the read/write heads to the 5.25-inch release rather than latch. to first the light off. Then the and the its protective and location, such as read/write
or or off the while light You Also, off the operating the to least and and accordingly. MS-DOS, the first (the top as and as B. If MS-DOS as both and when to operations that normally would to from to B, MS-DOS the from the first the (which A) to the memory. Then MS-DOS to another B) and the from memory to the copying to the (A). often this to which which. It to write-protect Write-protecting If and the operating and from the and there, and the copying to or from
Formatting and to that to the operating as as the operating and the operating this to the memory (RAM) to the the Then the and to that memory, instructions. the that the operating write You to this once, the the first You previously to This the the to of the operating instructions formatting It to of and (or of that such as operating Reference, and then the the from Also, regularly, whenever them, and them from If to the and regularly. of or
to the 80MB as as approximately sixty-six 1.2MB or fifty-five 1.44MB and 120MB about third 240MB the of 1.2MB or sixty-six 1.44MB operations You and the the of to The easy to back and forth and However, easy to and to trying to of operating related together and they easy to and operating instructions and and the procedures operating to
the While the to back to or of and copying the to the the to them whenever them to or Follow these to from and to turn off or the when the light This light that the copying to or from the If this process, to the The sealed to from If to to the HDSIT to the as
the when operating or as the below.
[-)-IF12 I- The [G), and the once to function and to turn off. the function the light the right of the Command or You to command or while If MS-DOS or that to try of the following: Cl Press the the If these to the as below. off the to or to, the the the the the as [T] and and functions within function with operation. with [WI.
the Occasionally, to clear the or its memory without turning off. You this the and the to to operating and memory that necessary. the to and when them the If the without properly exiting To the the operating the or A; the A. If using MS-DOS, The and then the should operating If the the to off and from the Turn off the and seconds. If the A. Then the (T) and and
If Access when the SETUP every turn or the Follow these to If A. Turn or the You the following You each character type. Then type the correctly and [=I, the the operating and displays the If know the or To or the SETUP and follow the instructions Chapter of the If know Chapter
the high or High the highest which of such as or to with operating high the SPEED light the front the operating the light You should high everything However, and the software to this the copy-protected the to while the These to diskthe that the protection-in the If copy-protected the to to the and to high when finished.
You the temporarily of the following commands from the To To high the and then the The the following: Press Cl Turn off the CI with another command. [)(~)[-I. [ctrf) [F) and the or I-1 the [T)
the If to to location, to the HDSIT Reference to the the HDSIT (or the read/write heads to the that and them securely This protects the from the including their heads when off the If this, or that to HDSIT. If already the HDSIT.COM and HDSIT.VER from the Reference to the directory Then, when to HDSIT, type HDSIT and You the that the read/write heads locked the or the off and The then the heads and the and off the to the location. Whether HDSIT or off and least seconds This allows read/write heads to from the to location. If this [G).
AUTOEXEC.BAT and Other Batch If MS-DOS to that there commands to frequently. You the of these commands them batch type the of the batch and [=I, MS-DOS the commands the as typed each from the If that as text-only ASCII to batch You the MS-DOS COPY, EDIT, or EDLIN command, or text to the One batch that AUTOEXEC.BAT. Every MS-DOS the AUTOEXEC.BAT and each of the commands the MS-DOS, AUTOEXEC.BAT which or as to the AUTOEXEC.BAT and the directory of the or from which MS-DOS. (You to to AUTOEXEC.OLD, to MS-DOS information about creating and batch
Chapter and You the performance of optional such as memory option cards, or Memory memory to increase the amount of memory option board to function, such as or interface CPU which the internal of the and includes built-in If the 486SX/25 or 486DX/33 to this increased performance. (Alternatively, the 4865X/25 487SX/25 to math and Removing
to This Chapter This chapter to the following: the cover the (and memory option option the option board (to the board) the option (CPU) Increase the memory CL the VGA interface CL the cover. Follow the the first section to the cover, and then to the section the instructions finish, the instructions the of this chapter to the cover. and Removing
Locating the follow the instructions this chapter, to the following to the and Removing
Removing the You to the to of the options this chapter or to or (as Chapter Follow these Turn off the and then peripheral (including the and Disconnect the from the outlet and from the back Also that connected to the including the and If the top of the off and to Turn the around the back facing the three screws the back as shown below. and
Turn the around that the front facing the of the cover and straight reaches the front of the Then off as shown below. the cover Ground to the touching the of the back WARNING to ground touching the back of the every the cover. If properly grounded, shock that when and
the The board of which These the factory to however, the following functions the or the built-in VGA the to CGA or other type of the CMOS RAM to the factory or the PQFP (surface-mounted) 486SX/25 the type with the If to or to the follow the instructions this section. The following the and their and Removing
CMOS, and PQFP Factory You to the when the J10, and J12 to the type of and Removing
If the PQFP type, surface-mounted the board. This that the this to the J23 to You to the and J12 correctly. You to the only with and Removing
the If to follow these to the below to the If there option to them to the If the option board instructions. and
where the the both or of the (off), as below. three the and the or and the as shown below. the off three only of the To from to the other, or to off its and to the to the or surrounding the board. If the option board, instructions. option instructions. and ON
Memory with 4MB of memory SIMM memory memory increase the amount of memory to 32MB. There SIMM the board, and each memory You with capacity of 4MB, or 16MB. The following shows the SIMM memory other SIMM and Removing
the following to that they properly: that of or the the the SIMM to the amount of memory the SIMM that with industry however, it to SIMM option to and compatibility. Once the them Follow the instructions below. and
Follow these to SWIM to the to the SIMM the front of the option that to the SIMM instructions. the SIMM the as shown below. The the SIMM should the of the and
the SIMM the seated the Then upright, as shown below, the each of the SIMM the each of the SIMM If smoothly, force the and and the SIMM. option instructions. The the SETUP its information with the memory. of the instructions. and
Removing SIMMS If to from (to ones, follow the below. option that to the SIMM instructions. or screwdrivers to the that the SIMM each the the SIMM to the from the If necessary, follow the to the other SIMM. option Follow the instructions below. and Removing
The turn the SETUP its memory Option Card This section to option four option to to four or option cards. Usually which option as as the fits the follow these when which to If that the of the option If high-resolution graphics follow the instructions below to the then the VGA Interface to the to the VGA You to half-length or option the to the board that than inches). option to the board. to J5. and
Follow these to option If this the first the option to the cover that the back the screw the option cover to the the screw to the option to the cover the cover and the cover the option and Removing
Unpack the option and switches or necessary. the option instructions.) the to of the the or the If to top of its with the facing the the the the top and the as shown below. (If the front of the the the front and Removing
Once the reach the the to You should the If smoothly, force the the and the of the to the with the screw. If high-resolution graphics the VGA Interface, further instructions. and Removing
Option You to option to the board-to You to Follow these the screw the option to the Then the straight of the the with the facing ready to the option instructions. and
Removing the Option Card Connector You to the option board to the board, such as or the Follow these option the instructions the screw the the option to the supply. the board straight and of its and and Removing
the Option Card Connector If the option to follow these to the board its as shown below, and then straight the to the supply with its screw. option instructions. and Removing
New Chip If 486SX/25 or 486DX/33 performance Alternatively, the 486SX/25, 487SX/25 with built-in math Complete instructions the the that with Please follow those instructions with the following Although the instructs to the from the this necessary. You the board the while the to the to the the board. If this empty, the (or 487SX directly the If the CPU to the If to the existing the to release the CPU the the to the If or the 487SX/25 to the of the J10 through J12, as If the to the of J23 to as the and the cover, the SETUP its Chapter of the instructions. (You only the and the to and
lncreasing the Memory with 512KB or 1MB of memory. If 512KB, increase memory to 1MB four DRAM, DIP chips. This graphics-intensive or to The following which DRAM DIP the board. Supported DRAM the Memory Chips You four memory to the optional memory. the memory to properly, each of the four memory the board. To the or flat-head screwdriver. Follow these the memory the board, shown The the ones, M5 through MB. and
If there option instructions. To electricity and the memory chips, ground touching the the of the back Then as stationary as while them. the memory chips from their and inspect each The should slightly than o If of the straighten them with or with to them with the other when this; the and off easily. of the memory the first as shown below, the the with the the the notch the of the the of memory chips. and Removing
Gently the the (to correctly If the with or flat-head screwdriver and the properly positioned, both of the to well-seated. through each of the three chips. option instructions. You to the VGA CLMODE to increased memory. instructions, the VGA the VGA interface includes VGA interface the board. This allows to high-resolution graphics of the option and the VGA Typically, high-resolution graphics increase the graphics performance of VGA and of than They high-end graphics such as or To the graphics interface to the VGA interface board, VGA and
Follow these If already follow the instructions Option Card) to the graphics of the to the VGA interface the near the back as shown below. the the to the the other of the to the interface the graphics instructions.) and Removing
Card If VGA or to optional instead of the built-in to VGA the this section. to the If already follow the instructions to option the switches or the properly. to switch to the refresh the that with and instructions. If optional J6 the board to to the built-in VGA (You to this connected the to the VGA the board.) You to J5 to the On using CGA and instructions If high-resolution graphics that to VGA interface instructions connecting the to the the board. the to the If with its follow the instructions there. the instead of the built-in and
the ready to the cover, follow these Facing the front of the the cover the its the both of the as shown below. the cover and straight back the farther. and
the three cover screws, as shown below. the to the and other peripheral Then the to the back of the and to Post-installation Procedures or options such as memory or SETUP to the Chapter of the instructions. Additionally, to commands to operating and the that with optional instructions. You to newly-installed option. options with their own and the Reference to the memory, and and Chapter instructions. and
and Removing The instructions this chapter to and optional You these instructions to of including CD-ROM or Although from the illustrated should to the If or of the this chapter apply; the that with information. and Removing
to three There and The the that with If with only of of the following the 1/4-inch-wide CD-ROM or other Ct 1/2-inch-wide with mounting to and
already the If this It to first the If or the to This Chapter To or first the cover as Then the below to the instructions should follow this chapter. or the as Then Post-installation Procedures to and
the that the to properly with the The the whether using or If purchased with already these correctly If to the the that with the then follow the instuctions below. If the both to which the (primary) and which the (secondary) the which the operating that the its memory each You and both the and the operating the Where to Next To the the section. To the and
the It to first the as this section. the following Cl the mounting from the necessary) the the Connecting the to the the instructions, and
Removing the Mounting mounting attached to as shown below. You to these the the and Removing mounting
Follow these to the mounting On there and plate attached to of the mounting If the screws them to the mounting as shown below, and the and grounding Then the screws each mounting to the and the as shown below. and
the To the first to to the mounting the Follow these the screw the mounting to the and Then the mounting the of the arrow, and and Removing
Turn the the and the Then the mounting the and the four the plate with the four the as shown below. The the mounting plate should the of the of the the four screws that with the (or with to the mounting plate to the and Removing
the the mounting the (with the the top) and the the back of the as shown below. The the of the mounting should the the and
the the the the the of the arrow, the the with the top of the the mounting plate with the screw, as shown and Removing
Connecting the To the to the to the and supply Follow the below: If first to the to the board Follow the instructions and then The should connected to the board. the free the of this (If there the the attached to that Notice the the of the this with the notch the as shown the following the correctly, the the to the supply the as shown. and
the the the the then the If correctly the with the severely when the and
of the supply that from the supply the The supply the of the supply. If the to free the The PA, PB, PC, and PD; that free. (If supply PD.) Position the supply that its notched corners with the notched corners of the supply the the the and then the If the correctly, when and
From the Follow these to from the the and supply from the back of the as shown below. the and them straight from the the the the and
the screw the and mounting to the Then the and mounting plate the of the arrow, shown below, and them of the the four screws the mounting plate to the You the mounting and its screw or the and with the screw. the its and with the four screws. If only the from the board and as and
If and another the to the the to that only the the that with the This section to Although the or the these instructions to the the following Attaching the mounting to necessary) the Connecting the If first to the as to the the instructions, and
the type of to mounting to Follow these If to the If that 3.5-inch factor, mounting attached to it fits properly the Follow the the section. If that already mounting and grounding attached to If follow to the and grounding Then to the and
Attaching Mounting to To mounting to follow these the mounting and four screws that with the shown below, mounting top of of the and that the the the of the the Then the mounting to the with the screws. to mounting to the other of the mounting and
the Follow these to the the and screws that with the the screw to each of the (or each mounting attached), as shown below. The the should the of the of the and Removing mounting
If the the screws the cover to the front of the and the cover. and the screws to these If 5.25-inch that the release the If 3.5-inch that the release the right and the light the If that the and to and Removing
To the each of the with the notches each of the and the the as as as shown below. the to the with the screws. and Removing
If the to the the front covers this the screws the to the of the cover and the as shown below. the and screws to Then to Connecting the and Removing
To the each of the with the notches each of the and the the the as shown below. the to the with the screws. Connecting the To the to the to and supply The below to these to the If follow and then to If with and
the One of the connected to the board. If the the other of the connected to the top the If the the The that from the back of the both the and with the that the (the the with the the as shown below. the fits properly the and Then to If the correctly, when and
the If of the connected to the board and the other connected to the first the the free to the as below. If first to the to the board Follow the instructions and then the to the as below. Notice the the of the this with the notch the as shown below. and
the correctly, the the to the supply the as shown the the the the then the If correctly the with the when the of the supply that from the supply the The supply the of the supply. If the to the The PA, PB, PC, and PD; that free. (If supply PD.) and
the supply that its notched with the notched of the supply as shown below. the the and then the If the correctly, severly when and Removing notched corners
Removing From This section to from Although the or the these instructions to from the Follow these to from Disconnect the and supply from the back of the as shown below. the and them straight from the the the the and
the screws the to the Then the front of the and completely of the and
If leaving the empty, the cover and screws, as shown below. If the with another the and screws from the and them to the other as the its and If the from the board and as and Removing
If and leaving another the to the the to that the that with the the If from the and the or to the front to cover the the to the of the cover with the screws, as shown below. and Removing
Connecting the Ribbon to the Follow these to the to the board: the the board. shown below, to the the option and the supply. (The from the clarity.) and Removing
the that with the It with three each and the as shown below. Select the the of the of the (the Notice the the of the as shown the the that the the back of the the option as shown below. (The option and from the clarity.) and Removing
You it to the first the option board and To the option board, To the the and straight from the the the the the the the then the If correctly the with the board when the If the option board and them To the the the with the notch the board the the the the board and the Then the option board as and
Post-installation Procedures or and the cover, follow the below to properly: the SETUP to of Chapter of the instructions. If (which to to the SETUP to the built-in IDE interface. You to the already the that with the to already If Chapter instructions. If to to operating from to the the that with operating instructions. You to newly-installed Chapter instructions the Reference to and
Chapter You the following using Cl board CI memory printer(s). the of the each The the and the to back or this to this youselect
Starting the Follow these to the the Reference and or the the from the Reference to This clears terminate-and- (TSR) or other from memory and frees the At the A: type DIAG and You the top of the with items highlighted. Press You of the the to the correct. If the correct, the SETUP to properly. Chapter of the instructions.) Then the correct, each If to from the You to the [K). [=I. to and
To from the Items the them, follow these Press to Tests. You the such as the following: Memory COM2 Press 1T-J or and (E]. The from the You as as finished and Testson [T] to highlight the to to
If to to the Items Detected follow these Press or such as the following: The the that the as You that from the to to them. Press and The from the and to the You as as finished and the section. to Tests. You the COM3 COM4 LPT2 LPT3 LPT2 [T] or to highlight the to to
Follow these to from the Press or (T] to You the such as the following: Memory Press or and often to If to the once, than once, type the of and If there the testing immediately. If there than the such as the following: HARD DISK DRIVE(S) AND CONTROLLER CHECK MENU Read, to highlight the to You the [E). To the
highlight and then If selected to the than once, The immediately that the completed, the or the You another or the To I=]. You to the operating From If from information Follow the instructions the to the If the and appears. Follow the instructions the to the or to without of the the the the of this chapter. (I) or [T] or type the of the option to to to and
The below the
(continued) Attribute Character Graphics the operation of each The the to back or this The following the that appear testing. CPU ROM counter counter Refresh DMA DMA Refresh timeout write CMOS CMOS shutdown CPU instruction the operation of the built-in VGA
(continued)
Chapter Formatting This chapter to low-level (or physically) This should confused with the operating The physical formatting of that the factory the If with factory-installed or optional IDE already physically IDE You to the this chapter to physically that the low-level and with its If that with its utility, that to physically the Physically formatting to back If whether formatting necessary, Servicer or the to the the formatting and formatting the operating physically or to logically the using operating
Starting the Follow these to the formatting the Reference and A. HDFMTALL and Format The option choose whether formatting or reformatting The options as follows: Format first the track and which tracks to as Then the and the they to CI the checksthe Formatting Format read/write or and the track this option writes and reads the track that OU this that without You this that ted. You the
Formatting New To that the Format option. You to the to when the with of tracks, the the Other (such as with the already Reformatting Used To follow these the option to tracks. If the back to the option to the the Format option to the Selecting Option this often to option from There to this: the arrow highlight the option and the of the option and You option that appears the (J-1, [T) to [=I. [=I. Formatting
Selecting If than this Select the first or the Then the instructions below the Format option to Option Format If Format from the Format the following with track Format Scan to track information? (Y/N) (If the already this to tracks.) Select to the or to the process. If the the and displays these the the the displays the such as the following: Scanning tracks... Head Scanning finished. Count of Count of with other Count of
Next the following recommended sectors (Y/N) to the recommended sector the factor) of this allows to efficiently. other to this the that with the To the Then to To N. You the following sectors the recommended which the sector the Then Next this recommended sectors head (Y/N) the recommended of another type of the recommended the the To the Then to Formatting
To N. You the following the recommended which the sector the The sector the type. Then The allows to the track At the of the this Select to the as Then the section and to Formatting the To to the the section. the Defecfive Track Table If to the the following options the of the Defective Track Table to with track, C track, track, editing command sectors head (O-16): track (Y/N)
To track, follow these Press You this the of the containing the and You this head the head the and (To the operation, appears the and the track, necessary. If the to the incorrect and to the track from the the the as track. The and head and to the of the If or head of the of appears and the to the the tracks, without Then the the the correct, The displays warning about the of proceeding with formatting, as the section. [E] without to the or
the ready to formatting the the following warning: WARNING! ALL DATA WILL BE DESTROYED IN ALL PARTITIONS OF HARD DISK, NOT JUST IN MS-DOS PARTITION! to (Y/N) If to the N. If the chance to DOUBLE CHECK THAT YOU HAVE BACKUP DISKETTE COPIES OF ALL YOUR FILES. to and (Y/N) Select to formatting or to If with formatting, Format started. Head You the head and as the formatting the and of these: Format finished. tracks... head Format completed. Press ENTER to to the Press to to the Format
Option You of to and them, they The writes, reads, and information track, those that already as If this the that caused the If think that track causing first the to the To this from the Format You these Read/Save/Write/Read/Restore/Read o C the each track, it the reaches the the including of that write, as the following: finished. Count of Count of with write, Count of write, detected. Press ENTER to to the
If the track, the this: Tracks Head Head Head Head Confirm to the the Track as tracks. to the as tracks? (Y/N) To these as You of the as they the to to the Format Option The and to the of this To the from the Format You these tracks... Formatting (F)
the each track, the to the the displays the of the such as the following: finished. Count of Count-of with read, Count of read, detected. If the the displays of the that the Then this Press ENTER to to the the information displayed. Then to to the Format Exiting the To the Format You the operating If the or the option, with operating operating instructions. Formatting
Chapter Troubleshooting You should as and of the ordinary to this chapter. You repeating software or the trying the this chapter, the of Chapter instructions. If the or the Authorized Servicer or the technical ready to the of its BIOS its (including the type of and option cards), and the and of software You recorded this information the This that with If the its back If to follow the below to information about as as BIOS and MS-DOS (or other operating Troubleshooting
Turn the its memory the of BIOS appears the top of the Next, the BIOS appears the of the write these numbers. If enough to this, Press to SETUP, the information shown the SETUP then SETUP without Chapter of the instructions.) If MS-DOS, the type VER and The the MS-DOS (If another operating the that with instructions the built-in memory (ROM) of which every These internal such as ROM, RAM, the the and the Troubleshooting [E] and
What the when the option the SETUP Chapter of the instructions the SETUP With this option, the to when the following of CL and If the told to through the SETUP as though the the that isnt serious, such as incorrectly the and the following Press to or to SETUP the and If the serious or as the further checking and The the and the If this The Wont this chapter. If of the there the Authorized Servicer as as when technical CT] to Troubleshooting
The following that appear If the below; to the troubleshooting section this chapter or offers If the section that covers AWARD CMOS HAS BEEN CHANGED BIOS ROM board CHECKSUM ERROR Authorized Servicer. SYSTEM HALTED CMOS BATTERY HAS The CMOS Authorized FAILED Servicer. CMOS RAM possibly corrupted. CMOS CHECKSUM ERROR DEFAULTS the SETUP and LOADED of the If correct, them as the SETUP DISK BOOT FAILURE, The found INSERT SYSTEM DISK AND PRESS ENTER First the SETUP and the If the and booting from Troubleshooting Action possibly the of CMOS RAM. immediately off back If the or to the factory Authorized Servicer, If booting from the bootable; then
(continued) DISPLAY SWITCH IS SET INCORRECTLY DISPLAY TYPE HAS CHANGED SINCE LAST BOOT FLOPPY DISK The to CONTROLLER ERROR OR NO CONTROLLER If SETUP and PRESENT both FLOPPY DISK TYPE IS The match the SET INCORRECTLY CMOS OR DRIVE ERROR HARD DRIVE The to the CONTROLLER DIAGNOSTICS ERROR HARD DRIVE SECTOR VERIFY ERROR Authorized Servicer. KEYBOARD ERROR connected correctly, OR NO KEYBOARD PRESENT MEMORY ERROR DURING MEMORY TEST NON-SYSTEM DISK The from the OR DISK ERROR the bootable and Action J5 conflicts with the options the SETUP of the and of the instructions SETUP. The SETUP. Chapter of the If least SIMMS correctly. Memory Troubleshooting
(continued) The Won't If when the the following: the light If and off the the securely connected to both the AC the back and operating or Reference necessary, and the If off the least seconds turning back This to the Troubleshooting
If the light the outlet Turn off the cord, and the Turn to the If or of such as to reconnected the internal and correctly. and instructions. If the outlet and the Authorized Servicer. If the cant the The Not If and when type the follow these operations than others to the to than to the If reasonable of to the Troubleshooting
If to its The first turn such it to its what If the the operating off the computer, seconds, and If that off the operating or Reference and the If Authorized Servicer. the below. Could software causing the If Software this chapter. The caused this chapter. If to whatever the and to the MS-DOS the [T] and information command or If respond, using the Computer Chapter information. If the off the and least seconds. If operating A; then the It should the operating Troubleshooting (or IAft] [E command.
If (and to the the board), J6 to the built-in VGA the the Chapter If operating, its supply thermal operating and the This protects from these high they off the DC the supply and it to latch-off This the supply, the Restoring the Supply below. Restoring the To operation, follow these Turn off the and off least seconds to the supply To the of the high and the the following: o C). If this the the to cooler supply there around the supply the back and of the the cover and both and the there around Troubleshooting
of the supply the to the option option the option card(s). the causing the overheating, allow the to cool least (about or C). This the thermal If the cover, Chapter instructions.) Then the If the supply off Authorized Servicer. If using try the following: If think know the the and instructions. If know the to or Chapter of the instructions. If know the and or the SETUP the section. Troubleshooting
Accessing If Access or Access follow these Turn off the Follow the instructions the Chapter to the function J7 to On. J7 to the On the the SETUP to the factory If this SETUP to Turn the Turn the off Follow the instructions the Chapter to J7 to the Turn the Press to or to to to If to to To the security Access or Access and the and [E]. You the Chapter of the information about to (F), Youseethe SETUP If [=I. Troubleshooting
To the highlight the Security option, then of the information.) the SETUP and that match J7 previous SETUP and the factory as SETUP. Chapter of the instructions.) The If security, the and immediately. If the as Chapter If with the the following: If the displays when or the the securely connected to the Connecting the Chapter of the instructions. If nothing when type the The Not Respond, If the the properly, the function the the as numbers. If the light the right of the Troubleshooting or I-) to the to NWO& to off the function.
If to the of the function, the of the If with the the Chapter If the Authorized Servicer. the following: If there the that the switch and that its light If the light the the brightness and If the switch the light off the seconds, and back to the displays If the to the securely. Connecting Chapter of the or instructions. If the light the Turn off and from the Then the outlet and turn to the outlet If and match. to the switches or properly. Card Chapter and and instructions. Troubleshooting
If to the the type of and the and software. If that graphics the If (and to the the board), J6 to the built-in VGA or anything the the instructions. If with the Chapter If the the who the Troubleshooting
If or try the following You the or the the from the and If the latch, to to the the Chapter instructions and removing If the the and to another of the type, the the other and the operation. If the the below. to the right type of trying to 1.44MB 720KB of Drives Chapter information. If the right type write-protected. On 3.5-inch the write-protect switch to the write-protect or there switch. On 5.25-inch there write-protect the notch its or there You write-protected function properly the write-protected. the Chapter information. the formatted? operating instructions formatting Troubleshooting
of the following MS-DOS If of these the properly the If the the and If the copying the from the to If there something with the the operating or the information the incorrectly. This the of these Cl of includes of other expected If MS-DOS CHKDSK to the repairs; MS-DOS instructions. You software to Troubleshooting Abort, Retry? reading writing
If or with follow these If with that that about the If the yourself, follow the Chapter the instructions and the to the correctly. the SETUP and the type of as of Chapter of the instructions.) the If the Authorized Servicer. If the or further examination of Authorized Servicer. Troubleshooting
If with the of installation, or of the following the the the Accessing the the the Accessing the If to back reformatting or repartitioning the the If with newly-installed the following: If the that about the If the follow the instructions Chapter the instructions, the and the Troubleshooting
If IDE SETUP to to selected the type and that the built-in IDE (If connected the IDE to option the built-in to Disabled.) of the instructions. If physically the physically (or initialized) and operating This type of usually the yourself. If the with its that follow the instructions Chapter that physical from the software- based type of formatting commands (such as the MS-DOS SELECT or FORMAT commands). the below, information. the (which already physically the following to the SETUP to as of the Chapter of the instructions.) and the operating If MS-DOS, instructions these MS-DOS If using another operating follow the instructions that with Troubleshooting
If the correctly, the the and MS-DOS (or another operating the operating to the to the operating from the If the properly and as the the instructions operating each the correctly Accessing the If and reduction performance, the the become You to back and then compaction to the include compaction If with back and physically the Then to the operating and back the Chapter and operating instructions. If or read/write the physical Authorized Servicer. Troubleshooting
Software If with the following: If the that following the the and that correctly. If and the directory that or specifying the directory. If the A. high or While properly the the software to this the and the necessary. the Chapter instructions and information using copy-protected If MS-DOS that to there to the command. These the to commands. If when type the Follow the instructions Chapter CT_] and and Troubleshooting
If the off seconds, and back Then If of these software the software technical Below to follow with If the and information, You with the to which connected. If that the and properly connected to the (Also, Chapter of the or instructions. the the DIP switch or These properly with the If than the know which the and which the secondary of the instructions to the and the SETUP If properly functioning, from the MS-DOS the displays the MS-DOS (such as C> or and the Troubleshooting This should the of
If to the internal of the (or To this, the MS-DOS MODE or SETMODE command. and MS-DOS (such as properly they Check to what required. If that the instructions. instructions with the or the You Chapter these tests. Option Card If option and function properly, the following: the option correctly? well-seated its the Chapter and the instructions that with the the DIP switches or the option the instructions. the the board? information. Troubleshooting
the SETUP to the Chapter of the If the option to to the to the to the the the software with the option option or software instructions. If with or the following: the securely connected to the and the Chapter of the instructions. the correctly? software and the that with instructions. (If already automatically.) Troubleshooting
Memory If memory to and that memory operating properly, the following: If the memory count displayed the incorrect, the correctly. They the type of SIMM or they the Memory Chapter and the instructions. to the SETUP or memory to memory of the instructions. If with write that appear and Authorized Servicer. Troubleshooting
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU 4SX/25: with optional 487SX/25 or ODP486-25 High and high or selection through command; memory high Memory ROM 4DX/33: with optional ODP486-33 4DX2/50: 4MB RAM SIMM; 4MB, or 16MB to 32MB type with (or 128KB BIOS, BIOS, and SETUP located EPROM Specifications
RAM RAM Math Clock/ A-2 Specifications 512KB or 1MB DRAM board; 512KB to 1MB Supports of and BIOS ROM RAM 8KB of internal cache (built the On 4DX/33 and 4DX2/50 math built the optional 4SX/25 clock, and CMOS RAM with built-in VGA board; to to or and Interface board to IDE with built-in
PS/2 interface built board; through SETUP; DIN PS/2 interface built board; DIN Option (or I/O ISA three reduced VGA IBM VGA pass-through interface built board; VGA interface built or VGA D-shell One or interface built board; I/O through SETUP; RS-232C, interfaces built board; D-shell Specifications A-3
Three half-height mount and mounts) using the following: 5.25-inch 1.2MB (high-density) Other Half-height CD-ROM, or other 1/4-inch or 1/2-inch with mounting two-position height; or typewriter four-key function A-4 Specifications 3.5-inch 1.44MB (high-density) capacity 5.25-inch 360KB 3.5-inch 720KB 1/2-inch factor to half-height the first mounted vertically, mounted
Physical Characteristics fan-cooled, switch to Option inches inches inches with and without to VAC and to VAC VDC Amps, VDC Amps, VDC Amps, VDC Amps Specifications A-5
A-6 Specifications
Source Specifications A-7
Memory A-8 Specifications
Access The of information such as memory or to of another the of or that the location where information memory. that to, or acts such as VGA the and of or shades. Application software to such as or creating spreadsheets. that than operating which the and software. American Information characters, such as numbers, and graphic Each of the ASCII of computers, and transmitted ASCII ASCII only and software to them.
Access The of information such as memory or to of another the of or that the location where information memory. that to, or acts such as VGA the and of or shades. Application software to such as or creating spreadsheets. that than operating which the and software. American Information characters, such as numbers, and graphic Each of the ASCII of computers, and transmitted ASCII ASCII and software to them.
Asynchronous of which character to another that to to such as clock. AUTOEXEC.BAT The batch whenever MS-DOS. It the and user Batchfile. of or that created or memory memory. type of that of commands automatically. Batch text with the .BAT. type the operating the commands that sequentially. BIOS ROM Memory) that the of information and the and operating and other software.
or The of information and The of through or that or The to its and then the operating its memory. or of wires that information from to the The of increases the and of the the to of of that character. and Character. high-speed type of memory that where includes 8KB of internal cache. CGA Graphics type of that to of text with characters each two-color graphics or graphics
Character that the or the includes numbers, formatting and graphic that to the of Chip of containing and wrapped Chips to them and then the to the integrated CPU. CMOS Complementary type of RAM and switching that backed battery. of or instructions; software or of Command instruction or to to function. Command The or that displays the to that the operating and ready to instructions. The MS-DOS command displays the and directory. If C, the command this:
The of internal and typical consists of with amount of memory, and connected to and command when [T] and another the that instructs the to function. memory The memory the below 1MB that to MS-DOS and programs-usually 640KB. memory or memory. Math Copy-protected containing software lock that from copied. of these to the the while CPU Processing Unit. The that instructions, the of and input and operations.
The highlighted or that shows the screen which appear when typed or where the executed. The of that read/write head. The of to the of the of heads. Tracks. Information, such as text or graphics, or which (as to or choice that the or when the user specify temporarily the or the of that of and such as or
containing instructions that allow to and with The or other type of and DIP switch switch. or switch that function. Directory of directory shows the location, and of the the directory. directory both and The and the which the magnetically. The that reads from and writes to or other its while sealed protective of with to the written to the from to another.
board that of the option to the displays text and graphics. VGA built board. DOS The the operating software that and its input and MS-DOS and type of that allows to as as the 3.5-inch, 720KB of 5.25~inch, 360KB of The of colon-for C EGA Enhanced Graphics type of that allows to high-resolution graphics EGA It to of text with characters each or or graphics to Expanded memory Memory that specially-written MS-DOS when expanded memory that memory Memory
memory Memory 1MB that or when they operating protected or This memory to OS/2 to MS-DOS only memory Expanded memory and OS/2. of to three characters which to to its or when the of information records, or together Text of and of and to and commands. assigned to that distinguishes from other directory MS-DOS to characters and of numbers, and
Format To (or to that the operating Formatting and sectors and locations where operating Graphics or such as and graphics the to containing or to amounts of It and than physical of such as board, or CPU. base-16 to the the and consisting of the through and the through F. usually the (or to them from numbers.
High-density type of that allows to than or 5.25-inch, high-density 1.2MB of 3.5-inch, high-density 1.44MB of IDE Integrated type of interface which the located the instead of includes interface the to IDE Input/output physical or software to or they with each other. that board. to the operation of function. containing copy-protected that while the Copy-protected
(KB) to memory or One bytes. LIM EMS of the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification- of that expanded memory. Expanded memory. The board containing the and to Math that the to mathematical using floating instead of whole numbers. This math and graphics operations that this type of MCGA Graphics type of that graphics (CGA). MCGA and CGA. MDA type of that displays text such as or
(MB) to computers memory or One 1024KB to such as that of internal clock. second. Memory The that Memory permanently ROM) or temporarily RAM). Memory that the memory that to the of memory the Memory board that surface-mounted memory chips. You memory to the board to memory. Commonly SIMM memory MGA Graphics type of that text and graphics the
CPU CPU. that allows to to and from another telephone The that the and displays that displays (such as white, or as to which with or buttons. the the the the Pressing (or clicking) selects the item the the MS-DOS Microsoft The operating commonly with MS-DOS command- based, operating DOS, OS/Z, and
that input and of The of and operating to than or The actually the they assigned and the OS/2 and UNIX. The and together the right of the The operation of the the the The which the commands, such as of that operations, such as input, and reading and writing to The operating (such as MS-DOS, OS/2, or UNIX) the foundation the other and the of the
Option board the to such as or I/O Option directly the option to to OS/2 The operating Microsoft and IBM that protected and DOS, MS-DOS, and optional that the internal of the and includes built-in The type of interface that the of wires Interface and to that operating what to process, where should or or should Switch. Parity to the of the of the of of parity), parity), or parity).
The operating that as though physically to areas. You and or The of characters type or the (or SETUP) to and SETUP or Pathname The directory specify to the the SALES, the subdirectory BUSINESS, \BUSINESS\SALES. (such as or connected to that the its operation. physical input/output to which peripheral ROM that the to its internal peripheral and operating each or
PQFP that permanently attached mounted) to board rather than to On the mounted. containing instructions that the what to and to Prompt the operating or to information from or what action to Command RAM Access Memory. The of the computers memory to and while RAM when off or the to Read To gather from (such as and to (such as or when the reads the from the and displays the
Read/write head The physical or that reads from and writes to the of the or clock clock the that of the and when the turned off, from battery. Refresh The with which The the refresh the the To without off. You RAM and operating ROM Memory. of memory that and ROM its when off the from battery. directory The highest or directory hierarchical directory other of the directory. MS-DOS the directory with (backslash).
RS-232C used, type of You RS232C to of the built-in RS-232C Sector section of (typically that which the and Track. The type of that from interface to wire. Interface and RAM The that the of the and BIOS the RAM of memory to processing. SIMM Memory Software The of instructions (or that to the and specify. and
Subdirectory hierarchical directory of directory that within another directory or the directory. mounted of connecting (such as directly to the of the instead of to Switch optional to MS-DOS that the the Switches typically slash). Command and of the and peripheral to they functioning correctly. that the operating and that to the The physical that allows to and
Tracks resembling the record, which the areas. On the to the of the Sector. operating that and to UNIX with of computers, from to VGA Graphics type of high-resolution that of built-in VGA to To to (such as or (such as or written to Read. To the from the write-protect switch 3.5-inch or write-protect the notch 5.25-inch You write-protect software to the read-only. or write-protected, change, or its