EPSON 468C
This tested and found to with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to and reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS WARNING FOR CANADIAN USERS
EPSON This and
America or warranties, or implied, or with to this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information from the of the information this and to without of Corporation. Other and of their owners. and rights those Copyright America, Inc. California IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning; or cleaners. of the the or and the and the back or or these the or or heat the using the type of indicated its If to the Germany, the following To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected Computers to properly grounded (earthed) If to the to outlets the as or that switch and off.
allow the to become or If with the the of the of the the the rating the cord. Also, the of products the outlet of this through the as specifically this to service the yourself. servicing to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or B. If the C. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions. of other and often to the to operation. D. If the or the E. If the performance.
Instructions instructions conserver references tous instructions toute chariot, type protection On brancher tout fiche services marche-arret.
branches branches reparation On service service service A. B. C. refuse instructions. instructions Tout tout service. D. E. performance.
With 512KB memory, the built-in VGA of to and (64K the memory to 1MB to of or (64K If high-resolution graphics or to the VGA This allows to the graphics while the VGA board. VGA with VGA and with the VGA interface. these to of VGA such as high and text when Instructions and using these VGADRV.TXT the If with this selecting the VGA MicrosoftWindows. information. Optional You easily memory and of as below. instructions and Memory 4MB, or 16MB memory to the board, the memory to 36MB. Introduction
Memory You increase the memory to 256KB SRAM chips Authorized Servicer. Additional allows to Memory You memory to board to increase the memory to 1MB and higher graphics cards, or that higher memory. You or with This the internal clock Math If the to 80487SX, This optional includes built-in mathematical to three including or CD-ROM introduction
to This You to everything this to the following chapter to the sections Chapter and Chapter to the SETUP to this the first If the to Chapter covers operating such as turning the and off, and and the Chapter to optional such as option and memory Chapter to and Chapter troubleshooting the of At the of this and Index. Introduction
Used This This the following type Introduction
Where to If purchased the United States, please or the location and service. International locations the back of this If purchased the United States, the following services through the SM Technical with the installation, and of products On-site Servicer Assistance locating Authorized of Service of as as ribbons, and Customer Relations technical information service-also directly the Product with technical and products. If with software or the that with technical Introduction
To follow the this chapter. If purchased options, and instructions to them
Choosing Location selecting to choose location that the following: and electricity, which the and inches of around the freely. cool, and from humidity, and sunlight or other heat interference. too to such as telephone or which field. with the the If operating the country other than the which purchased Source the should Connecting If VGA (or with to the built-in VGA as below. If other type of (or to to Chapter
Follow these to VGA to the built-in VGA the and the facing There should with the (to to the and the (to to On the permanently attached to the as shown the following If attached the to instructions.) the the with the VIDEO the then the to the when
If the screws, them. the the the other of the grounded outlet or, the the type of the the back of the the the back of the
Connecting or Other and To or other follow the instructions below. the Follow these to to the to the that the facing the of the with the PARALLEL as shown below, and If the screws, them.
the other of the to the as shown below. To the the each of the and them the grounded (earthed)
the If or other peripheral with interface, to of the (RS-232C) the back of the These DB-9P To the of the SERIAL and SERIAL If the SERIAL as shown below.
Connecting the To the the the arrow the the K/B, as shown below. Although the and the and physically they interchangeably. to the the (K/B) or
You the of the the the Turn and each It to the wrist (You to purchase wrist further comfort.) To the each back its Connecting the includes IBM PS/2 that round, DIN If this type of to the built-in If interface, to the built-in or option that the interface. properly the location of
To the to the built-in the the MOUSE, as shown below. Although the and the and physically they interchangeably. to the the MOUSE or If already to instructions.
Connecting the Cord Follow these to the cord: the the AC INLET the back as shown below. the other of the grounded (earthed) WARNING To shock, to the the the
Turning On the ready to the the following to or yourself: or peripheral (including the or or the off. off or while light This the the with protective the about seconds off the to to the circuitry. the Follow these to the Turn around the front and other If there protective the Turn the and other connected to the
To the the the right of the front The the of the front lights seconds, the displays count of the memory, and then the to everything correctly. If necessary, the to the brightness and easily the characters the If and to them to the The displays the following to the This appears SETUP necessary. seconds, the Press to SETUP
If there operating the once the operating this If MS-DOS@ already the (C or the of such as Microsoft to SETUP to properly. First off the as below, then Chapter instructions. SETUP, to Procedures what to Turning the Whenever off follow these and the light and the light(s) to they off the light the or from the Press the to off the Turn off the and other peripheral
Chapter the SETUP The first to the SETUP to You to SETUP the read-only memory (ROM), turn or SETUP or the following: and of of of booting memory ROM options options Peripherals options the SETUP
The through SETUP of memory CMOS RAM. This memory backed battery, when off or the Whenever the the and the information the CMOS RAM and its to SETUP. You the as as the following the of the Press to SETUP or <F2> to If this to SETUP and the Another SETUP option displays information about board. This information reference about and DIP switch SIMM and combinations. information. SETUP the This to them; the Loading SETUP the SETUP
the SETUP To SETUP, there the then (If already off, seconds, and then the the following the of the Press to SETUP as this If within seconds, the the operating and to SETUP. If this the and SETUP containing these SETUP options SETUP the of the option to select, or or to the the option to and highlight each selection, of the option the of the operating board SAVE and without the SETUP
SETUP You or SETUP the option from option SETUP. To this option, to highlight then OU the SETUP This displays the of both the and memory and whether You the month the right of the Additionally, this Selecting highlights the selected Press to the to the to Then or to the the to each of the options that the of the The following sections to choose the SETUP the SETUP
the and The clock continuously the and when the off. Once the and SETUP, should to them, to the daylight or other seasonal (The the years.) the arrow to the the of the or to Press or to the or The 24-hour clock. shown as the Drive(s) with You another of or capacity. The SETUP offers selections (A and B): 360KB, 5.25-inch 1.2MB, 5.25-inch 720KB, 3.5-inch 1.44MB, 3.5-inch Not Installed. the both and them necessary. (If or the B.) If the top and the B. the SETUP
the Drive(s) The SETUP the type of If the first C and the D. to choose the both Follow these If C and D. If D. If SCSI D. If with 120MB (or this yourself), C. If with 170MB (or this yourself), C. If with 240MB (or this yourself), C. If another type of to the type that matches below. the SETUP
The following the of this and the with to the type If of the matches the SETUP
when slightly than the the the SETUP
If the its match of the the type. Follow these With the the type Press to the the the from the below. the The option the type of If connected to the built-in VGA VGA/PGA/EGA. If the following the type. type options Heading The of the Head The of read/write heads the The The (the which the the heads) The of sectors the Press each the SETUP typed. SETUP the based the other the SETUP
type options Select If VGA/PGA/EGA* You to the built-in VGA or VGA or graphics (EGA) You optional graphics that to CGA You graphics (CGA) or graphics (MGA) attached to to the switch the MGA to You (MDA). MGA, or MGA attached to to the switch the MGA to such as with input, selecting If the SETUP and If of types, the the to The other secondary If type of and then the (from VGA to CGA or to the of DIP switch If of cards, the and DIP switch to match the Chapter instructions and the that with information. the SETUP
the The option the operates highest such as or The option to with At memory that the You the temporarily command. the information. the Booting The booting the which the the when the operating then C, each turn the operating and the operating from that If operating the the operating from C. This the to the from A. If C only, the the operating from C and A. This allows the to the operating the SETUP
the If the option, the its If connected, this option to when connected. the SETUP The SETUP three that allow to these ROM options options Peripheral options. To the options these the to the or Peripherals You to the right of the that the options the selected. Press to the the Then the arrow to the to the option to Press or to through the options. the RAM memory) than ROM memory). The the of both the BIOS and the BIOS RAM operations the SETUP
options allow to 32KB the memory the You to or of these options option that ROM. You the memory the to RAM these the memory A-6 and the that with option to which option access. You to switches or the option the There four options the and The below the options Option Enabled On* (characters second) 0.25-1.OO (seconds) when or which character when of the and the character appears the the SETUP
the Peripherals The Peripherals option the the built-in interface and You to these interface option The following the I/O options Peripherals option PS/2 Enabled* FDC Enabled* IDE HDC Enabled the SETUP COM1 COM2 as COM and as COM2 as COM1, as COM2, both of the as LPT1 as LPT2 as bidirectional LPT1 as bidirectional LPT2 the on-board the PS/2 the PS/2 the on-board the on-board the on-board the on-board
the SETUP or existing to who option allows to to and Follow these to Select option options, from the Press New displayed the option. The to the option field. the to and The to characters and/or numbers. type the the displays each character type. The to the option field. and You each character type. SETUP, the the the type the choice, the Correct! the SETUP
or If to follow the as to the the option, type the to To Not the option. Whenever SETUP, the as the SETUP the Option SETUP another of security the function. Once that, when the and Follow these to the option: On the the to the option. Press New The to the option field. or and This the to together with and as the to SETUP, the the the and the SETUP
the Function SETUP function that of to the following information: To this function, option board from the the arrow to through the You the information the selected option the right of the Loading SETUP You the SETUP selecting option SETUP Whenyouselect this option, this Press then to the If to the then You another option from the SETUP or SETUP. DIP switch of Correct SIMM cache combinations. BIOS (Y/N)? the SETUP
and Exiting SETUP SETUP, the or the without To follow these Press to to the SETUP Select option SAVE and and You this Press and The If SETUP the first Procedures, below. To SETUP without the option without The with If SETUP and to SETUP when Follow the instructions the to SETUP and the You when operating the and A. If this follow the instructions operating to the SETUP to CMOS RAM and (Y/N)?
Procedures If SETUP the first and to the operating operating instructions. operating software to instructions. The VGA to the of built-in VGA with applications. If to these the VGADRV.TXT the directory of the VGA To this the following the DOS If with the README already the You and clicking the VGA Then the README COPY A:VGADRV.TXT the SETUP
Chapter This chapter the following operations: Working Comfortably This section creating Following these and workstation such as and comfortably and the or the the the
the to hips, and approximately and wrists as to as forearms, and thighs should and and should should the or allows to workstation the right To back back. as To reduce strain, and the to the the
Work upright and the should near and with or slightly than the lightly the To wrists straight, the of the should than to the too too force enough freely the (or other and to occasionally. Varying and While the to and seat and should enough and there should enough that of throughout the to and other stretch, and around. Lighting the While to lighting too bright. light bright, to the of the and the bright surroundings. It to the amount of that the and bright light of field of when the
Positioning and the the directly front of and about from To and reduce the that sunlight, and overhead lights directly the front of the the top of the should slightly below rather than the If too (or the If the and base, to the of the To that clear and easy to the brightness and If selecting background the and or software. To closing them or focusing the
and The allow to and then and This section to: Choose the right and Format of the following of 1.44MB, 3.5-inch 1.2MB, 5.25-inch 72OKB, 3.5-inch 360KB, 5.25-inch 1.44MB, 3.5-inch and 1.2MB, 5.25-inch.
MB which 1024KB (or bytes). KB which bytes. Each character, such as A, or If than type of or of to of the and the following 3.5-inch from and write to type 720KB 720KB 1.44MB 1.44MB, 720KB 5.25-inch from and write to type 360KB 360KB. 320KB. 180KB. 160KB 1.2MB 1.2MB. 360KB,* 320KB,* 180KB,* 160KB* If write to this 1.2MB to or write to 360KB of with the type and (Usually this information appears the If to 720KB 1.44MB or 360KB 1.2MB include the command. to the capacity.) operating instructions.
Write-protecting You write-protect to its from write-protected, and from or On 3.5-inch the write-protect switch the back of the the right corner, shown below. To write-protect 3.5-inch the switch the of the clicks the corner. To the write protection, the switch the of the clicks and the covered.
To write-protect 5.25-inch cover the notch (shown below) with write-protect included of 5.25-inch To the write protection, off the write-protect switch or notch they or
and Removing To 3.5-inch the with the facing and the leading the as shown the following the the clicks To 5.25-inch the with the facing and the read/write leading the to the the light off; then the release or the latch. the and properly. or or off the while light You Also, turn off the
operating the to least and and accordingly. MS-DOS, the first (the top as and as B. If MS-DOS as both and when to operations that normally to from to B, MS-DOS the from the first the (which would A) to the memory. Then MS-DOS to another B) and the from memory to the copying to the (A). often this to which which. It to write-protect Write-protecting If and the operating and from the and there, and the copying to or from and to that to the operating as as the operating and the operating this to the memory (RAM) to the the Then the and to that memory, instructions.
Formatting the that the operating write You to this only once, the the first You previously to This the the to of the operating instructions formatting It to of and (or of that such as operating and VGA then the the from Also, regularly, whenever them, and them from If to the and regularly. of or
Follow these to and lengthen the of leaving that the such as those or telephones. top of or the of or scratch the and the read/write heads from and of sunlight or cold. other to using the than operations You and the the of to The easy to back and forth and easy to and to trying to of
operating related together and they easy to and operating instructions and and the procedures operating to the While the to back to or of and copying the to the to to back to or Curing Follow these to from and to off or the when the light This light that the copying to or from the If this process, to the The sealed to from
the functions when operating or as the below.
functions (continued) The and as the once to function and to off. the function the light the right of the Command or You to or while If MS-DOS or that to of the following: Press the and the and If these to the as below. turn off the to or to, the
the Occasionally, to clear the or its memory without turning off. You this the and the to it to operating and memory that necessary. the to classify and when them the If the without properly exiting To the the operating the or A; the A. If MS-DOS, and and The and then the should operating If the the to off and from the Turn off the and seconds. If the A. Then the
If when the SETUP turn or the Follow these to If A. Turn or the You the following and type the correctly and the the operating and displays the If the Chapter the Once unauthorized from the This the of choice) temporarily and without turning off. To the follow these Chapter to and
to the and The and and to typed or To activity, type and or To or the SETUP and follow the instructions Chapter If the or slow. the highest which of such as or to with operating the light the front the operating the light You should everything because and the software to this the
If to the through SETUP. Chapter instructions. copy-protected the to while the These usually to disk-the that the protection-in the If copy-protected the to to the and to when finished. You the temporarily of the following commands from the To To the and the and then the or the You the commands while the of these commands another function, to the You however, the command the MS-DOS or it through the SETUP The the the with command, or the SETUP.
Chapter and You the performance of optional such as memory option or math or memory. This chapter to (and these as as to the and DIP switch the You to these options or to the operates. and
to This Chapter This chapter to the following: and the cover and DIP switch the and memory and option and the option board Increase the memory the VGA the battery. Follow the the first section to the cover, and then to the section the instructions finish, the instructions the of this chapter to the cover. to 256KB of cache memory; however, the from the to the cache memory chips. If to memory, Authorized Servicer or the to cache chips yourself. and
Locating the follow the instructions this chapter, to the following to the and
the You to the cover to of the options this chapter or to or (as Chapter Follow these Turn off the and then peripheral (including the and the from the outlet and from the back that connected to the including the and If the top of the off and to the three screws the back as shown below. and Removing
From the front of the the of the cover and straight reaches the front of the Then off as shown below. the to the touching the of the back WARNING to ground touching the back of the every the cover. If properly grounded, shock that when and Removing
the and DIP Switch The board of and DIP switches. These the operation of and information to CMOS ROM. The the following or the built-in VGA Specify the type of CPU Specify the amount of cache. The DIP switches these Specify or Specify the type of CPU or the Select the and DIP switches the factory to match to them when options or to The following the and DIP switches and
and CPU Function J3 A* the built-in VGA J4 Select DX or DX2 CPU Factory Factory to CPU cache Factory cache servicer DIP switch Switch Function CPU CPU CPU PGA CPU from security Select Select Factory Factory to type the built-in VGA option as Select SX CPU CPU CPU security and
the If to follow these to the to the If there option and to the J3, to the cards. where the the three the and the A) or and the B), as shown below. the off three only of the To from to the other, or to off its and to the to the or surrounding the board. option instructions. and
the DIP Switches If to of the DIP switch follow these the DIP switch near the of the board, shown The switches through and the ON the such as the of to DIP switch or off. The the the which DIP switch to SETUP. DIP switch to ON to security, then to using options SETUP. Chapter instructions. and Removing
Memory with 4MB of memory the board. memory increase the amount of memory to 36MB. There SIMM the board, and each memory You with capacity of 4MB, or 16MB.,The following shows the SIMM memory other memory the board and
the following to that they properly: only that of (nanoseconds) or the the SIMM that with industry however, to SIMM option to and compatibility. Follow these to to the to the SIMM the front of the option that to the SIMM instructions. the SIMM the as shown below. The the SIMM should the of the and
the SIMM the seated the Then upright, as shown below, the each of the SIMM the each of the SIMM If smoothly, force the and and the SIMM, necessary. option instructions. The the SETUP its information with the memory. Chapter instructions. and
Removing If to from (to ones, follow the below. option that to the SIMM instructions. or screwdriver to release the that the SIMM each release the the SIMM to the from the If necessary, follow the to the other SIMM. option as The the SETUP its memory and
Option Card This section to option four option to to four or option cards. Usually which option as as the fits the follow these when which to If switches or the properly. the that with the instructions. If the only If using CGA and to the option SETUP to or Chapter instructions SETUP. If high-resolution graphics follow the instructions below to the then the VGA Connector to the to the VGA the board. option to or DIP switches the board. to J3. and Removing
Follow these to option If the option the first to the cover that the back the screw the option cover to the the screw to the option to the the cover and the cover the option Unpack the option and switches or necessary. the option instructions.) the of the the or the If to top of its with the facing the the and
the the top corners and the as shown below. the of the to the with the screw. and Removing Once the reach the the to You should the If smoothly, force the the and try
the VGA Connector includes VGA interface the board. If high-resolution graphics or of the option this allows to the VGA circuitry. Typically, high-resolution graphics increase the graphics performance of VGA and of than They useful high-end graphics such as or Memory information. To the interface to the VGA board, the VGA included with Then follow these If already follow the instructions Option Card) to the graphics and Removing
of the to the VGA interface the near the back as shown below. the the to the the other of the to the interface the graphics instructions.) and
Option Card You to option to the board-to You to Follow these the screw the option to the Then the straight of the the with the facing ready to the option instructions. and
the Option Card Connector You to the option board to the board, such as the Follow these option cards. the instructions the screw the the option board to the supply. the straight and of its and and Removing
the Option Card Connector If the option board to to the as follow these the its and then straight the board to the supply with its screw. option instructions. New Chip You or performance Alternatively, the 487SX with built-in math CPU which the internal of the and includes built-in math math optional 486SX that allows them to mathematical functions and
Complete instructions the the that with Please follow those instructions with the following and Although the instructs to the board from the this necessary. You the the while the to the to the the board. You the (or 487SX directly this however, to the first. To the follow the instructions the section. to the of J4 to A. the and the cover, the SETUP its instructions. (You only the and the to
the Chip If to the existing to with math or follow these the to the the board. If the the and the You screwdriver instead of the of the screwdriver the and the Gently the screwdriver the to from the the screwdriver to another of the and turn it the from the this the straight from the Gently the straight and the from its and inspect the If they the the to the of purchase and ground touching the the of the back the Then as stationary as while the the the only the of its and
the the the notched of the with with (the the as shown below. the the directly the the Then the straight the the to to or DIP switch the and
Increasing the Memory with least 512KB of memory. You increase the memory to 1MB four 256K DRAM, ZIP chips. This graphics-intensive or to or The following the DRAM ZIP that the board. ZIP chips Micron the Memory Chips You four ZIP to the optional memory. the memory to properly, each of the memory the board. Follow these the memory the board, shown The the ones, numbered VMOO through VM03. If there option instructions. GM7 C4256AZ-70 MT4C42562-6, MT4C4256Z-7 KM44C256CZ-6, KM44C256CZ-7 and Removing
the memory from their and inspect each The should slightly than of the ZIP the first (VM03) as shown below, the the with the the and Removing To electricity and the memory chips, ground touching the the of the back Then as stationary as while them. If of the straighten them with or with to them with the other when this; the and off easily.
Gently the the (to correctly If the smoothly, and try the properly positioned, firmly both of the to well-seated. through each of the three chips. option instructions. SETUP as to to the increased memory. the with lithium that the clock and the CMOS RAM. The clock track of the and the CMOS RAM the information about that the SETUP This three to years. If when or Authorized Servicer or to or to the If to the battery yourself, follow the instructions this section. the the information the CMOS RAM and the the clock. the battery, the SETUP as to and the and and
Follow these to the battery: the to the battery. It attached to the of the to the To the from the board, the from CN3 (BAT), as shown below. The attached to the with To from the of the as shown the following Then and Removing
the from its and the and the the supply. Then the of the and
the to CN3. Follow the to the cover. Then SETUP to and the and the clock. Chapter instructions. and Removing
the Cover ready to the cover, follow these Facing the front of the the the its the both of the as shown below. the and straight back the farther. and Removing
the three cover screws, as shown below. the to the and other peripheral Then the to the back of the and to Procedures or options such as memory or SETUP to the Chapter instructions. Additionally, to commands to operating and the that with optional instructions. and Removing
Chapter and Removing The instructions this chapter to and optional You these instructions to of including CD-ROM or Although from the should to the If or of the this chapter apply; the that with information. and Removing
to three and The the that with If with of of the following the 5-inch-wide CD-ROM or other 3-inch-wide with mounting to and
the If this It to first the If or the to This To or first the cover as Then the below instructions should follow this chapter. To the Jumpers or other other from from the or the as Then Post-installation Procedures to and Removing
the that the to properly with the The the whether using or If purchased with already these correctly If to the the that with the then follow the instuctions below. If the both to which the (primary) and which the (secondary) the which the operating that the its memory each turn You and both the and the operating the Where to Next To the the section. To the and
the You should first the This section Removing the mounting from the necessary) the the Connecting the to the the instructions, Removing the Mounting mounting attached to as shown below. You to these the the mounting and Removing
Follow these to the mounting On there and grounding to of the mounting If the screws them to the mounting as shown below, and the and grounding grounding Then the screws each mounting to the and the as shown below. and
the To the first to to the mounting plate the Follow these the screw the mounting to the and Then the mounting the of the arrow, and and Removing
Turn the the and the Then the mounting plate the and the four the plate with the four the as shown below. The the mounting plate should the of the of the the four screws that with the (or with to the mounting plate to the and
the the mounting plate the (with the the top) and the the back of the as shown below. The the of the mounting should the the and Removing
the the the the the of the arrow, the the with the top of the the mounting with the screw, as shown and Removing
Connecting the To the to the to the and supply Follow the below: If first to the to the Follow the instructions and then The should connected to the board. the free the of this (If there the the attached to that Notice the the of the this with the notch the as shown the following the correctly, the the with the To or the the board. and
the the the the then the and Removing
of the supply that from the supply the The supply the of the supply. If the to the that free. (If supply the the supply that its notched corners with the notched corners of the supply the the the and then the firmly. If the correctly, severely when and
From the Follow these to from the the and supply from the back of the as shown below. the and them straight from the the the the the screw the and mounting to the Then the and mounting the of the arrow, shown the following and them of the and
the four screws the mounting plate to the You the mounting plate and its screw or the and with the screw. the its and with the four screws. If the from the board and as If and another the to the the to that the the that with the and
This section to Although the or the these instructions to the the following Attaching the mounting to necessary) the Connecting the If first to the as to the the instructions, the type of to mounting to Follow these If to the If that 3.5-inch factor, mounting to properly the Follow the the section. If that already mounting and grounding plate attached to If follow to the and grounding Then to the and Removing
Attaching Mounting to To mounting to follow these the mounting and four screws that with the shown below, mounting top of of the and that the the the of the the Then the mounting to the with the screws. to mounting to the other of the and Removing
the Follow these to the the and screws that with the the screw to each of the (or each mounting attached), as shown below. The the should the of the of the and Removing
If the the screws the cover to the front of the and the cover. and the screws to these If 5.25-inch that the release the If 3.5-inch or 5.25-inch that the release button(s) the right and the light the If that the and to and
To the each of the with the notches each of the and the the as as as shown below. the to the with the screws. notch If the to the the front covers this Turn the cover and the the screws the to the of the and the as shown the following and
To the each of the with the notches each of the and the the the as shown below. the to the with the screws. the and screws to Then to Connecting the notch and
Connecting the To the to the to and supply The below to these to the If follow and then to If with the One of the connected to the board. If the the other of the connected to the top the If the the The that from the back of the both the and with the that the (the the with the the as shown below. and
the If of the connected to the and the other connected to the first the the free to the as below. Notice the the of the this with the notch the as shown below. the fits properly the and to the correctly; otherwise, when to If first to the to the board Follow the instructions and then the to the as below. supply notch and Removing
the correctly, the the with the To or the the board. the the the the then the of the supply that from the supply the The supply the of the supply. If the to the that free. (If supply the and
the supply that its notched corners with the notched corners of the supply as shown below. the the and then the If the correctly, severly when and notched corners notched
From This section to from Although the or the these instructions to from the Follow these to from the and supply from the back of the as shown below. the and them straight from the the the the and
the screws the to the Then the front of the and completely of the and Removing
If leaving the empty, the cover and screws, as shown below. If the with another the and screws from the and them to the other as the its and If the from the board and as and
If from the and leaving the or to the front the cover. the to the of the cover with the screws, as shown below. If and another the to the the to that the that with the the and Removing
Connecting the Ribbon to the Follow these to the to the board: the the board. shown below, it to the the option board and the supply. (The from the clarity.) and
the that with the It with three each and the as shown below. Select the the of the of the (the board Notice the the of the as shown the the that the with the as shown below. (The option board and from the clarity.) notch and Removing board
the the the the then the If the option and them To the the the with the notch the the the the the board and the Then the option as and Removing You to the first the option and To the option board, To the the and it straight from the the the If correctly the with the board when
Post-installation Procedures or and the cover, follow the below to properly: the SETUP to of Chapter instructions. If (which to to the SETUP to the built-in IDE interface. You to the formatted.) the that with the to If follow the instructions to the If to to operating from to the the that with operating instructions. and
Chapter Troubleshooting to this chapter as and If the the the below to and displays. Then the technical ready to the of its BIOS its (including the type of and option cards), and the and of software You the its back If to follow the below to information about as as the of BIOS and MS-DOS (or other operating Turn or to the its the of BIOS appears the top of the Next, the BIOS appears the of the write these numbers. If enough to this, and Troubleshooting
Press to SETUP, You the (This Copy information shown to when If MS-DOS, the type VER and The displays the MS-DOS (If another operating the that with instructions the built-in memory (ROM) of which every turn These internal such as ROM, RAM, the the and the the that isnt serious, such as incorrectly and the following Press to SETUP or <F2> to the and to If the serious the further and The the and the If this The Wont this chapter. If of the there the the as as when technical Troubleshooting
The following that appear If the below; to the troubleshooting section this chapter or offers If the section that covers Action CMOS BATTERY HAS The CMOS the FAILED CMOS CHECKSUM CMOS RAM possibly corrupted. ERROR DEFAULTS LOADED the SETUP and Chapter If correct, them as the SETUP DISK BOOT FAILURE, INSERT SYSTEM DISK AND PRESS ENTER DISPLAY SWITCH IS DIP switch conflicts with the options the SET INCORRECTLY SETUP DIP switch and Chapter instructions SETUP. DISPLAY TYPE HAS CHANGED SINCE LAST BOOT If the or to the factory the The found First the SETUP and the If the and booting from If booting from the bootable; then The SETUP. Chapter Troubleshooting
Action FLOPPY DISK The to CONTROLLER ERROR OR NO CONTROLLER If SETUP and PRESENT both FLOPPY DISK TYPE IS The match the SET INCORRECTLY CMOS OR DRIVE ERROR HARD DRIVE The to the CONTROLLER DIAGNOSTICS ERROR HARD DRIVE SECTOR VERIFY ERROR the KEYBOARD ERROR connected correctly. OR NO KEYBOARD PRESENT MEMORY ERROR DURING MEMORY TEST NON-SYSTEM DISK OR DISK ERROR PASSWORD CHECK FAILED SYSTEM HALTED UNABLE TO INITIALIZE initialized. HARD DRIVE (DRIVE TYPE?) Troubleshooting If least correctly. Memory The from the the bootable and incorrect
(continued) Action UNABLE TO the RECALIBRATE HARD DRIVE UNABLE TO RESET or HARD DRIVE/ CONTROLLER ERROR The Wont If when the the following: the light If and off the the securely connected to both the AC the back and operating necessary, and the If the light the outlet Turn off the cord, and the Turn to the If or of such as to reconnected the and correctly. and instructions. Troubleshooting
You option that the the A. If the and the the The Not If and when type the follow these operations than others to the to than to the If reasonable of to the If to its The first such it to its what If the the operating off, seconds, and try If that off the operating and the If the the below. Could software causing the If Software this chapter. Troubleshooting
The caused this chapter. If to whatever the and to the MS-DOS command and (or If respond, using the command. Computer Chapter information. If the turn off and least seconds. If operating A; then turn the It should the operating If (and to the the board), J3 to the built-in VGA the the and DIP Switch Restoring the To supply operation, follow these Turn off the and it off least seconds to the supply To the of the high and the the following: Chapter information or (32C). If this the the to cooler the Troubleshooting
supply there around the supply the back and of the the cover and both and the there around of the supply the to the option option the option card(s). the causing the overheating, allow the to cool least (about or C). If the computers cover, Chapter instructions.) Then the If the off the If the following: If think know the the and Chapter instructions. If the to or Chapter instructions. If know the and or the SETUP the section. Troubleshooting
Accessing If follow these as SETUP. The If security, the and immediately. If the Turn off the the function DIP switch to Chapter instructions.) Turn the Turn the off Follow the instructions the DIP Switch Chapter to DIP switch to the On Turn the Press to SETUP, You the SETUP Press to highlight option then If to to If to to To the State option to and the and You it information.) to To the the State option to Not Installed; then Chapter information.) Troubleshooting
If with the the following: If the displays when or the the securely connected to the Connecting the Chapter instructions. If nothing when type the The Not Respond, If the the properly, the function the the as numbers. If the right of to off the function. the If to the the Chapter If with the the the following: If there the that the switch and that its light If the light the the and If the switch the light off the seconds, and back to the Troubleshooting
If (and to the J3 to the built-in VGA or anything the the and DIP Switch Chapter instructions. If with the If the the connected to the securely. Connecting instructions. If the light the outlet Turn off and from the Then the outlet and to the outlet If and match. to the switches or properly. Option Card Chapter and and instructions. If to the the type of and the and software. who the Troubleshooting
If or try the following You the or the the and If the latch, to to the instructions and If the the and to another of the type, the the other and the operation. If the the below. the right type of trying to 1.44MB 720KB the write-protected? On 3.5-inch the write-protect switch to the write-protect or there switch. On 5.25-inch there write-protect the notch or there You write-protected function properly the write-protected.) Chapter information. the formatted? operating instructions formatting Troubleshooting
of the following MS-DOS If there something with the the operating or updated the information the incorrectly. This the of these Abort, Retry? reading writing If of these the properly the If the the and If the copying the from the to of includes of other expected If using MS-DOS CHKDSK to the repairs; MS-DOS instructions. You software to Troubleshooting
If or with follow these If with that that about the If the yourself, follow the Chapter the instructions and the to the correctly. the SETUP and the type of instructions.) If the or further examination of the If with the of installation, or of the following the the Accessing the If to back reformatting or repartitioning the Troubleshooting
the If with newly-installed the following: If the that about the If the follow the instructions Chapter the instructions, the and the If IDE SETUP to to selected the type and that the built-in IDE with the Peripherals SETUP option SETUP. (If connected the IDE to option the built-in to Disabled.) Chapter instructions. If physically the physically (or initialized) and operating This type of usually the it yourself. If the with its own that that physical from the software- based type of formatting commands (such as the MS-DOS SELECT or FORMAT commands). the below, information. Troubleshooting
the (which already physically formatted), the following to the SETUP to as of the instructions.) and the operating If MS-DOS, instructions these procedures MS-DOS If another operating follow the instructions that with If the correctly, the the and MS-DOS (or another operating the operating to the to the operating from the If the properly and as the the instructions operating each the correctly Accessing the If using and reduction performance, the the become You to back and then compaction to the include compaction Troubleshooting
If with back and physically the Then to the operating and back the operating instructions. If or read/write the physical the Software If with the following: If the that following the the and that correctly. If and the directory that or specifying the directory. If the A. or While properly the the software to this the and the necessary. the Chapter instructions and information copy-protected Troubleshooting
If MS-DOS that to there to the command. These the to commands. If when type the Follow the instructions Chapter If the off seconds, and back Then If of these software the software technical Below to follow with If the and information, You with the to which connected. If that the and properly connected to the (Also, or instructions. Troubleshooting
the the DIP switch or These properly with the If than or the know which the and which the secondary instructions to the and the Peripherals option SETUP If properly functioning, it from the MS-DOS the displays the MS-DOS (such as C or A: and This should the of the If to the of the (or To this, the MS-DOS MODE or SETMODE command. and MS-DOS (such as properly they to what required. If that the installed. instructions. instructions with Troubleshooting
Option Card If option and function properly, the following: the option correctly? well-seated its the Chapter and the instructions that with the the DIP switches or the option the instructions. the the board? information. the SETUP to the Chapter If the option to to the to the to the the the software using with the option option or software instructions. If with or the following: the securely connected to the and the If securely connected to the Chapter instructions. Troubleshooting
the correctly? software and the that with instructions. automatically.) If using the built-in with SETUP and the Chapter instructions. Memory If memory to and that memory operating properly, the following: If the memory count the incorrect, the correctly. They the type of SIMM or they the Memory Chapter and the instructions. to the SETUP or memory to memory Chapter instructions. If with write that appear and the Troubleshooting
If cache memory to cache DIP and that memory operating properly, the following: If the cache memory amount the incorrect, Authorized Servicer the cache correctly. servicer to the the servicer J5 through J9 to the amount of cache? the to they correctly. the and DIP Switch Chapter instructions. If with cache, write that appear and the Battery The lithium battery. It should from three to years to the expired, of the following Purchase from Accessories) and follow the instructions to or Authorized Servicer to it Troubleshooting CMOS CMOS option
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU 4SX/25C: PGA-type CPU with optional 487SX/25 math or ODP486-25 High and high or selection through or SETUP; memory high Memory 4MB RAM the board; to 36MB MB, 4MB. or T6MB type with (or ROM 128KB BIOS, BIOS, and SETUP located EPROM board RAM RAM 8KB of internal cache (built the to 256KB of SRAM cache (optional) Math On 486DX/33C. and 486DX2/50C math built the optional Clock/ clock, and CMOS RAM board with built-in 4DX/33C: PGA-type CPU with optional ODP486-33 4DX2/50C: PGA-type CPU 512KB board; to MB Supports of and BIOS ROM RAM Specifications A-1
VGA board; with 512KB memory, to with MB memory, to board to or and Interface board to IDE with built-in Interfaces VGA interface built or VGA One or bi-directional interface built board; I/O through SETUP; D-shell RS232C. asynchronous interfaces built board; D-shell PS/2 interface built board; through SETUP; DIN PS/2 interface built board; DIN Option (or I/O ISA VGA IBM VGA pass-through interface built board; Specifications
Other Devices two-position height; or typewriter function Physical Characteristics inches inches Height Three half-height the following: 5.25-inch, 1.2MB (high-density) 3.5-inch. 1.44MB (high-density) 5.25-inch. 360KB 3.5-inch, 720KB 3.5-inch, 1.44MB and 5.25-inch, 1.2MB 3-inch factor to half-height the first mounted vertically, mounted Half-height CD-ROM, or other 5-inch or 3-inch with mounting inches with and without Specifications A-3
Option and Amps each Amps Amps Amps Amps Amps four Condition Non-operating -4to140F to to C) to C) to C) to to to condensing) to to to to to to Acoustical A-4 Specifications C) 104F C) C) N/A N/A
Source Specifications A-5
Memory A-6 Specifications
Access The such as memory or to the of The location where information memory. that or to the and of or Application software that such as processing. that than operating which the and software. which to another, character that to to such as clock. AUTOEXEC.BAT The batch whenever MS-DOS. It the and user Batch
memory memory. Batch that commands automatically. Batch text with the .BAT. type the the operating the commands that BIOS ROM Memory) that the of information and the and operating The to its and then the operating memory. or of wires that information the The of increases the and of the the to high-speed memory that where includes 8KB of internal cache to 256KB with cache chips.
C Graphics that to of text with characters each two-color graphics or four-color graphics Chip of containing and wrapped Chips to them and then the to the integrated CPU. CMOS Complementary RAM and switching that backed battery. Command The or that displays the to that the operating and ready to instructions. The MS-DOS displays the and directory. If C, the command this: C The of internal and typical consists of with amount of memory, and connected to and
memory The memory the below 1MB that to MS-DOS and programs-usually 640KB. memory or memory. Math Copy-protected containing software lock that it from copied. CPU Processing Unit. The that instructions, of and input and operations. Cursor The highlighted or that shows where appear when typed or where the executed. The of that read/write head. The of to the of the of heads. Tracks. or choice that when temporarily or the
of that of such as or containing instructions that allow to and with The or other type of DIP switch switch. or switch that function. Directory of directory shows the location, and of the the directory. directory both and board that of the option to the displays text and graphics. VGA built computers board. DOS The the operating software that and its input and MS-DOS and
type of that allows to as as the 3.5-inch, 720KB of 5.25-inch, 360KB of EGA Enhanced Graphics that allows to high-resolution graphics EGA It to of text with characters each or or graphics to Expanded memory Memory that specially-written MS-DOS when expanded memory that memory Memory memory Memory 1MB that or when they operating protected or This memory to OS/2 to MS-DOS memory Expanded memory and OS/2. Format To (or to that the operating Formatting and sectors and locations where operating the
High-density type of that allows to than or 5.25-inch, high-density 1.2MB of 3.5-inch, high-density 1.44MB of IDE Integrated type of interface which the the instead of includes interface the to IDE physical or software to or they with each other. that board. the of function. containing copy-protected that while the Copy-protected (KB) to memory or One bytes.
LIM EMS of the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification-your to that expanded memory. Expanded memory. board The containing the and to Math that the to mathematical floating instead of whole numbers. (MB) to memory or One 1024KB to such as that of internal clock. second. Memory The where Memory permanently ROM) or temporarily RAM). Memory that the memory that the of memory the
Memory board, commonly SIMM memory that surface-mounted memory chips. You memory to the board to memory. MGA Graphics that text and graphics. CPU CPU. that allows to to and from another that displays (such as white, or with or buttons. the the the the Pressing (or clicking) selects the item the the MS-DOS Microsoft The operating commonly with DOS, OS/2, and
The and together the right of the The of the the the The which the commands, of that operations, such as input, and reading and writing to The operating (such as MS-DOS, OS/2, or UNIX) the foundation the other and Option the to such as or I/O Option directly option to to OS/2 The operating Microsoft and IBM that protected and DOS, MS-DOS, and optional that the internal of the and includes built-in
interface that wires Interface and to that operating what to process, where should or or should Switch. Pathname The directory specify to the the SALES, the subdirectory BUSINESS, \BUSLNESS\SALES. (such as or to that the its operation. physical to which peripheral Power-on ROM that the to its internal peripheral and operating each or
Prompt displayed to information or what action to Command RAM Access Memory. The of the memory to and while RAM when turn off or the To gather from (such as and to (such as or when the reads the from the and displays the Read/write head The physical or that reads from and writes to the of the or clock clock the that of the and when the turned off, from battery. Refresh The with which The the refresh the the To without turning off. You pressing RAM and operating
ROM Memory. Memory that and ROM its when off the from battery. directory The directory hierarchical directory other of the directory. RS-232C type of You RS-232C to of the RS-232C The type of that from interface to wire. Interface and RAM The that the of the and BIOS the RAM of memory to processing. SIMM Subdirectory hierarchical directory of directory within another directory or the directory.
that the operating and to the The physical that allows to and UNIX operating that and to UNIX with of computers, from to VGA Graphics high-resolution that of built-in VGA to the amount of RAM. To to (such as or (such as or Read. To the from the write-protect switch 3.5-inch or write-protect the notch 5.25-inch You write-protected