IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY Corporation or warranties, or implied, or with to this and warranties of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to COPYRIGHT NOTICE rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of information While the aration of this publication, Corporation responsibility or from the of the information Further, this and to without TRADEMARKS of Corporation. of America, Inc. of of IBM of International MS and GW of Microsoft Copyright Corporation
This and and and properly, that with the instructions, interference to and reception. It type tested and found to with the Class computing with the specifications of of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference installation. there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following the the with to the the from the the outlet that and branch If necessary, the should the or The the following the Commission helpful: Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington DC If the interference caused the or its To further isolate the the peripheral and their input/output If the interference caused the peripheral or its I/O These shielded I/O the shielded from peripheral the or WARNING This to with the Class computing to of of FCC peripherals input/output fied to comply with the Class attached to this with peripherals to interference to and TV reception. The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS
I+ and Its own first choose from three of the I+ then the to with to the that the The I+ three One One and internal You choose which to Optional and further the of I+. Its built-in and interfaces and option peripheral choose. options with Expanded memory option math RGB or Color/graphics or graphics Graphics or graphics or Check with from to to which and option You of the the IBM I+. Introduction
The I+ with the MS-DOS operating and the GW-BASIC If MS-DOS another that the the I+. to to MS-DOS however, of the You purchased other software as products the IBM PC I+. to software information using the software. Additionally, the I+ users and with the operating information. to This This to and I+. It to optional and You to everything this tions option or accessory Follow the instructions Chapter to and I+. Chapter covers of the It and and shows to them. Chapter to and option cards. Chapter information troubleshooting. The to and specifications. of of the terms this included, to the whenever
I+ easy. follow the easy this chapter. You should to the To I+ reference the from their to inspect each If or to They the protection to or I+, should the following: The and The with MS-DOS operating with MS-DOS GW-BASIC with GW-BASIC and and This I+ to these items, purchased and with I+. the and to With information. Chapter
the the the This the factory to the recording read/write heads. to Press the the of the release the of the this the and whenever the to another of the If to or when the to from the Choosing Location of I+ where to Whether or the office, to location. Choose location that the following: or easily the of including its Soft and attract electricity, which and the Soft to freely the as as inches of around the to allow You to from and or other type of heat. High operation, cool, cant to and which and To charges, to three-prong, grounded outlets. You the the and outlets and other The outlet the of the I+ reduces the of
interference. from that field. Surprisingly, telephone right to the location I+, to the First to The shown to the and the top of with the directly front enough to the or to I+ to
the the and front of the The the to the I+ input/output shows where the peripheral WARNING: the of each of the AC (and other of the instead of The switch the or peripheral connected to this should AC to the the switch off the nected peripheral to that the switch off or Rear
RS-232C Allows to peripheral with interface, such as another or Allows to peripheral with such as or Option The I+ option (which One of these or color/graphics You the other four to such as or The front the front The the front shown with the covers to the switches and the To each cover, the The front as follows: lock/release Press to Press to LED light that the accessed.
optional You or this optional I+ with least The shown with LED the light the and the the light the and switch. the and off. The the RESET Press this to the the top or the the RESET to DIP switches. These the information about its memory type, and interface types. You them to match CPU switch. this switch or right Connecting the Cord the the AC the of the back as shown To shock, to this the the other the the herring the
Connecting the To the top of or the I+ It to the the of the and the facing to If to Chapter instructions. The the type to or follow these If necessary, the to permanently attached to the the of the to or color/graphics the back of the as shown If the screws, them with screwdriver. The type match the the If RGB or RCA monitors. Table to and match. to the switches the to match Connecting the
C o o o Enhanced the first the the and then If the type of the outlet to the the back of the The tion than the DIP switch as this chapter, they correctly the type of If that the brightness and the correctly. their switches. the switch Connecting the Follow these to the the cover the right front of the as shown Table type or graphics One (TTL or graphics One RGB or Graphics or graphics or graphics RCA-type the cover
the as shown force the the that the to the right of the Connecting the to the Gently the the and the cover. You the such as or You the the the the turning the reaching the and each of the they as shown
To the the they of the and the clicks To the the cover the and the to release the the the and straight from the Connecting the I+ both and built-in interfaces. You easily or that or interface. follow the instructions below. interface The the I+ interface with DB-25 interface. the
To to interface: the location to as shown the switches both the and the switched off, If which One of the to to which this this to the PARALLEL the back of the If the screws, them with screwdriver. the other of the to the To the the each of the and the each of the as shown Locating the
the interface If (or other peripheral, such as with interface, to the SERIAL (RS-232C) the back of the If the type, with both to to the To follow the connecting The RS-232C to properly to function correctly. The redirected to the instead of the the MS-DOS SETMODE (or the MODE command) to these MS-DOS instructions. The I+ character The I+ character that assigns graphics and characters to of the ASCII to these characters characters instead. the IBM character those the I+) as and other adapted. tion, the graphics characters information. Connecting the
the DIP Switches The DIP switches the I+ to with information about Each the DIP switch to the type, memory type, of and the of interfaces used. The DIP switches located the cover the front of below the as shown should these switches this section to the match If to the DIP switch the DIP switches while off. Software the each the the while The I+ of DIP switches; switches which the internal operations, and four switches which the and the DIP switch cover the of each DIP switch and the factory Location of DIP switches
SWITCH SWITCH II K/B TYPE ENHANCED PARALLEL OFF PRIMARY OFF ON COPROCESSOR NOT INST ON SECONDARY OFF OFF 640KB RAM SIZE OFF OFF DISABLE ON ON MONITOR TYPE COLOR(40X25) ON OFF ON DISABLE NO. OF FDD(S) ON ON SINGLE switch switch off. To thin such as screwdriver. DIP switch (internal operations) The each switch and below. type Enhanced ON RAM OFF OFF 640KB 512KB OFF and ON type OFF Enhanced ON ON of ON ON OFF ON OFF 512KB OFF ON SERIAL OFF OFF PRIMARY 256KB ON ON SECONDARY ON OFF COLOR(80X25) ON OFF OFF OFF MONOCHROME DUAL OFF ON DIP switch DIP switch OFF 256KB ON OFF OFF OFF
Switch what of attached to The factory off the (enhanced) which with I+. Switch whether or optional math The factory to the that this option Switches and (memory built-in memory These switches should memory and to of the optional memory instead of the built-in memory. The the amount of memory each the switch with the amount of memory Switches and what type of and and the the memory correctly. these switches as follows: If and both switches If graphics both switches what type of If graphics and RGB switch and switch off. If using and its to switch off and switch This selects and the Switches and has. These switches and should as follows: If both switches the operating that when B: required. If switch off and switch the If of four, switches and as indicated Table
DIP switch and operations) The and functions DIP switch Table and below. OFF ON OFF OFF Switches and the to the built-in and You to the factory option with or If such option the following information Switches and the to the built-in The built-in functions as the or secondary option with its these DIP switches there the built-in and the shows to the DIP switches. If option that this as the secondary and the built-in as the If with (such as IBM and as the and the built-in becomes the secondary If option with as the and the other as the secondary this to switches and to the built-in If MS-DOS searches the and only If there the and the secondary LPT2:. Table DIP switch Secondary OFF OFF ON ON Secondary ON OFF ON
Switches and the to the built-in The built-in as the or secondary option with its these DIP switches there the built- and the Table shows to the DIP switches. If option with as the as the and the built-in as the secondary If option or with as the secondary and the built-in as the If option with as the and the other as the secondary this to switch to the built-in If MS-DOS searches the and COM1:. If there it the and the secondary COM2:.
Turning On the ready to the and I+. the following the or off with the to of the the top cover to and option cards. If there reading Chapter troubleshooting, or to optional math To or option turn off the the cord, and the cover from the from the while the switch off or the when of the This or whole least seconds switch the off switching Turning off and the top of, or to, or of its the of ready to Its to the and peripheral the the the the back of the Then the three-prong, grounded Turn the the that appear as If or other peripheral
You with or without the top the empty. ready to the the switch the once. The the front lights and the cooling the seconds, the to internal If the clearly, the to the brightness and characters the clear and bright. If the and Initial If this the first I+ used, to the to This which least once. You to or or instructions. Initial the its RAM memory) 640KB OK Then the following displays: or A: and when ready. This that the operating from the top The I+ operating (DOS) to function. It with MS-DOS If to another operating To operating the to and to MS-DOS (or other operating to the of the and the MS-DOS to to
If to operating to Chapter (and to and MS-DOS instructions to If properly and to MS-DOS, the appear. Instead, the operating when the The and and then the C> This that the assigned as C.
Once I+, ready to of its This chapter the the to operating speed, and to and off It to and and functions and of the shown Table each of these as as others with Chapter I+ I+
the to the right (and to the the from lower- to back to lowercase when characters or when with the character lowercase characters when Ctrl Works with other to such as operations MS-DOS and GW-BASIC. Works with other to character otherwise Backspace the back the character to the of input or command. function and off. (Ins) characters to the right. Home, Within location. the function of the from to when the or operation. F1 F12 within Screen Prints the SC applications. operation. The and as when them. the function the light the of the the function the light off. Selecting The I+ or The first IBM At the and the I+ You the to that Table
To the the switch the front as shown To the the switch to the To the switch to the right. You this without the The light the front when the and when the You to the to operating or because and the to commands. However, the the temporary memory (RAM) to should the only as WARNING: the to switch to. classify and whenever the If the while such
There three to should them this If using MS-DOS, Ctrl and together with the the the right of the The and reloads. If the corrected trying this, try the Press the RESET the beneath the This when the responding. If this to try the third from the Turn off the and and then switch the I+ off. seconds, then switch the back Turning the off the and from the Turn off the and and then off the the switch the front and The and I+ least others built-in or as This section background information and to: Choose and and
The round of coated with and protective record, both The the as these tracks. read/write head the the the read/write head right the the This allows the read/write head to the when and and It sealed protective free of and the as and capacity. magnetically, and as record, and Choosing the I+ The the I+ double-sided, TPI inch) These with those the IBM PC. You and with the other. high-quality with reinforced rings-the worth the to that 360KB of the of about of If optional that of 720KB, double-sided, highdensity, TII high-density 720KB of approximately of and To and to them properly. Follow these to from and of or scratch the also the read/write head the
from that their information magnetically) There of and around or office, such as and and They and them the or or heat. The the of or winter the The the of the their protective On 720KB the the properly. them their protective when they and them anything top of They easily and properly their they or try to when gently, and the top of the to the top of other. They the from freely the It to write the the or to write that already attached to or off the while the light This light that the copying to or from If this turn off the If should these tions: off the to the when the LED This LED that the the of reading from or writing to the If this process,
to the The air-tight to from If to the the read/write head from the recording The MS-DOS to the read/write head HDSIT. to or MS-DOS and To with the and the write-protect notch to the that the read/write from Then the as shown to force the the the the lock/release to the the This the read/write heads to the To the the release the of the the its protective and properly,
You to them with operating to MS-DOS or other instructions to There to the information write-protect and Both of these below. Write-protecting You write-protect to its from write-protected, from the or If to write-protected displays. To write-protect cover the shown with write-protect usually with when them. To the write-protect On the write-protect switch the lower-right the back, shown To write-protect this the switch the of the there where the switch to notch
To the switch the of the the covered. It to of and With or the with I+, should and the originals place-away from Copy (preferably and them from the MS-DOS to of MS-DOS To of other MS-DOS the DU Utility) or the DISKCOPY command. below, information to back I+ the to function correctly, to know has. DIP switches and the has. If both switches If switch off and switch switch
operating the to least physical MS-DOS and or and C and operations, such as from to another, With MS-DOS, only physical the operating cally as to from to B, MS-DOS from the first the (A) to the memory. Then to the B. It from memory to the the the the screen to the A. You this and easy to which which. To the straight: the hand and the right. Another to writing the to write-protect This allows to information, write information with MS-DOS, MS-DOS The I+ of about characters. This to around the greatly reduces the of and of the to You the and to as (to Although of should the the to of other the ARCHIVE or BACKUP MS-DOS to back It to back The should of from the You to If other than Epsons, follow the instructions with
the internal the following things to the Format to the the to the MS-DOS operating the MS-DOS FDISK. Format the MS-DOS with the MS-DOS SELECT. Copy the MS-DOS to the SELECT instructions the tics instructions to the MS-DOS to MS-DOS If to operating other than MS-DOS, to that operating to the and the to MS-DOS that to the the the this the I+.
Option to I+ to to memory or You to option the I+ the that operates tor. Option from as as other tion, boards from other allow to other without using information. option to the cover from I+. This chapter to: and the cover and option the WARNING: the of the I+ while If the top of the and to Disconnect the and of the Turn the around that the back Option Cards Turn off the switch to the and other peripheral connected to then the the
The back with three screws as shown the screws and them to the back off the The top cover screws each of the as shown The screws the of the covered Gently the with screwdriver, then the screws both of the the screws and to screws screws
the cover slightly from the back and and from the as shown the the Option Card The the shows the of other option of the four option to the option to the option to though option to to the first and follow the instructions closely. which option to then the screw and washer from the cover the back of the the cover and the option the screw and washer to the option to the Unpack the option and instructions that with Then switches or that necessary. cover
to the option instructions. CMOS should the to of the the board, the If to it with the facing top of the the the the the top corners. The should and the should the of the the straight the as shown the the of the the notch the back of the Once the the to the If the to smoothly, force the and try to straight. option
the to the of the with the screw and washer. the ground screw there The free of option of the top of the and the the of the front cover option such as outlet If option that other to the cover the back that to the option Follow these the back of the with the facing The covers the and the top. the cover the and the cover to the option cover
the With the option properly or the to the cover of the With the back of the facing the cover the with the to the of the and the front slightly the cover the of the as shown that the the At the the front beneath the top of the front Finally, the back of the that the cover the screws both of the the the the back and the three screws the top the to its and to the the and other peripherals to the switch off. the to the back of the and to the DIP switches necessary. the cover
Post-installation option (and the cover and the and to DIP switches to the information. to switches and the the You to commands the as MS-DOS instructions. option and the should the option option with their and others with These memory math and and instructions. Removing Option Cards To option first off the and the cord, then connected to the the and and the cover. Then follow the option instructions Follow the instructions and the straight and of the to Rewrap the (preferably with the and the the the cover. If the to the cover the back of the reassembled the to DIP switches necessary.
You should serious with the I+, of the ordinary this section should nothing than repeating software correcting operating or the of the might of the below. If of these the about servicing the WARNING: If the to turned off reason, The to If the when the switch follow these to to the the If and the off. seconds and the back If the turn the switch off. Then to that the securely connected to the turning the switch If this the the outlet the and to The Not Appear If the appears the follow these to to that the the If the off, seconds, then turn the back to the appears. Troubleshooting least seconds switching back Turning off and the Chapter
the the to the and DIP switches and the front of the to they correctly then off the and to that the securely connected to the and that the properly connected to both the and the Turn both switches With the turned off, the outlet the outlet the and to The or If the appears to and to the the following: seconds. operations to than oth- spreadsheet to spreadsheet than to Also, BASIC that of to or hours, to finish. of the the and the accordingly. If the follow the Chapter the Computer. There of that and as reasons them If with the following If of type, the to to the If the the first another from the right type of 360KB sided, TN, 360KB 720KB double-sided, high-density, TPI, 720KB The type normally shown the
the write-protected? write-protect or switch to the the Think the or the switch. It might might with information to or the directory to what it The operating the directory command. Although should normally write-protect there which the temporary and these the write-protected. If with when first to to properly. Chapter and to MS-DOS If repartitioned or or of the If and function properly, autho- service the air-tight that the recording Software If with software the following of and The software First that following the right the operating that A. to the software and the to the instructions the If this from the following the Chapter the and try the the software the DIP switches to to properly that the DIP switches correctly the type of the amount of memory, and the of The DIP switch Chapter off the the DIP switches, The the back
reasons, the to the CPU with the switch the front Selecting of the while the that with the If the correctly and first the and correctly connected to the The instructions If or with feeding, to the the DIP switch The DIP switches properly with the Option Card If option and the following the option correctly? follow the and operating instructions the option DIP switches or the option option instructions. DIP switches the the DIP Switches Chapter the A, If the to the peripheral to the or option the the operating MS-DOS, or other software instructions.
This to the the I+ optional that than those the factory the It the option and when If to yourself, when follow the this There which that of the where the placed: and the A) or and the B). A-1 shows both To from to another, or to off the board and to the other to the or them of the J1, The built-in I+ four 360KB or 720KB therefore, should ordinarily to other type of combined and which to to the To allow optional to the to the option and the I+ built-in A-1. A-1
instructions to the to the optional the with the The and normally connected to CN5 the (shown A-2). If to the to the optional of the connected, and from the to the optional reason. To the built-in first the cover of the Removing the Chapter Then J1 the board, the option as shown A-2. You to option from to this The factory A. To the internal the to B. If to the ate DIP switches the front to match the of A-2 A-2.
J2, Parity RAM Parity RAM the to that the its memory The I+ RAM to protection of of RAM should to as as the RAM If to the RAM yourself, follow the instructions below You to four RAM chips. the cover of the the Chapter 6M, 6N, 7M, and 7N. A-2. 6M and 7M or 6N and 7N chips. type the that each correctly, with the notch the back of the Once the J2, as shown A-2. To reach J2 to the shielding the supply the screws shown the below. the shielding the The factory this A. To the RAM, J2 to B. If the RAM, the displays the tests. You J2 to the RAM, other and should the to as as A-3
Unit CPU memory Memory (ROM) Direct Memory (DMA) Timer/counter RAM interface interface interface Option Specifications or switch 640KB (optional) 16KB DMA with four channels-two the mother refreshing and user including Three timer/counters clock, and CMOS RAM DE25 RS-232C, asynchronous, DE25 timer/counter IBM-compatible input-output B-1
Function 5-inch, half-height double-sided, 360KB capacity Optional 3-inch, half-height double-sided, high 720KB 3-inch, half-height internal 20MB capacity Switching type, fan-cooled VDC, VDC, VDC, AC to 90F to 35C) Nonoperating to 149F to 60C) to B-2 three QWERTY function Three (normal/shift/alternate) VAC 83W 102W to
Physical Characteristics (CPU Only) Width, Depth, with and Color/graphics Supports and graphics or graphics, and chrome) graphics, switch-selectable; option Supports and Enhanced graphics chrome, or text (80-character text (80-character graphics, B/W; graphics, color/graphics, TTL or High-persistence, P-39 phosphor to reduce (12-inch RGB High-contrast etched (13-inch to reduce I8 Supports or 80-character character option Supports or RGB or character (low-resolution 80-character (high- (high-resolution graphics), four option B-3
ASCII American Information characters, such as numbers, and graphic ASCII character of ASCII computers, and of which character to another, without the of or or or The of The of the or of charge. To or operating or of that character. Character that the or the Includes numbers, and graphic CMOS Complementary chips. of or instructions. or of C C-1
Command instruction the to to function. The of of CPU with connected to and typical command when, Ctrl and another the that instructs to function. C Processing Unit. The of which instructions, the of and input and operations. Cursor The highlighted which shows the and as and Information or to The and the to its internal and its DIP switches switches of such as CPU, or option DIP switch and with information about DIP Directory of the or of The both and C-2
The physical which allows the to from and write to the front of the which permanently the the front of with and to permanently. The that the input and type of that allows to as as the the I+ of 360KB. of related of information records, or together Text of and of and to and instructions. Format To (or information. and sectors which locations Graphics and other GW-BASIC Microsofts of the Instruction to easy to and The to permanently. It and than C-3
physical of such as or CPU. Input/output Interface physical or software to or that of the (KB) to memory or One bytes. LED Light that when electricity through the lights the front of the I+. The I+ (MB) to memory or One bytes. Memory The where Memory and (ROM) or temporary (RAM). Microprocksor of CPU which allows to telephone and The of that the and displays informa- tion. C-4
that displays such as or as to which MS-DOS operating from Microsoft. DOS, of that allow to its operations. The operating the and input and output-for MS-DOS. Option the I+ to such as memory or The type of interface which of To sections operating Peripheral (such as or connected to that the its operation. physical input/output where peripheral. that instructions and what to and to RAM Accesss Memory. The of memory that both and write to. The temporarily RAM. RAM when off the C-5
To from to another. when text the reads the from the and displays the Read/write head The physical that reads and records the of To operating or operating clears RAM. RGB RGB displays high-resolution ROM Memory. of memory that only and temporary ROM its when off the RS-232C widely-used, type of interface. You easily to the I+. Sector section of that which the The to its The type of interface which Interface and Software The that to the and that the operating C-6
Tracks resembling the record, which to the areas. There each of and each of double-sided, high-density To To from write-protect the notch the of the (5-inch) or the write-protect switch (3-inch). write-protected, or its C-7
Corporation or warranties, or implied, or with to anything this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to COPYRIGHT NOTICE rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording or other- without the written of Corporation. with to the of information While every the of this publication, Corporation or from the of the information this publication and to Without TRADEMARKS of Corporation. of Inc IBM of International MS of Microsoft Copyright Corporation IMPORTANT NOTICE C
This to TM I+ it assembled, and to the of and To and of The this when first the and the Format Format these whenever or optional or that the You these the from to another and the battery. this the to another location. The which and the I+. as the this three that exclusively the I+. These HELP This information the MS-DOS commands. ROMBIOS This displays the and ROM BIOS This displays the SYSTAT Introduction or or the this to or the installation. this to the tests. This only, that without
Chapter to the options from the and the through each of the individually, and Chapter the three (HELP, ROMBIOS, and SYSTAT). the and that appear and the
This chapter to and the Starting the To the follow these Turn off the and seconds. the A, and the Turn the The and then the The Whenever or the the built-in the This the RAM memory), board, and the operation. of the to B. If the The B. If the the the and the the displays. You the SYSTAT to the of and to the the
The OPERATION MENU the successfully, the and the OPERATION MENU: OPERATION MENU Format Format to DOS selection You of the from to and This each item the the OPERATION MENU. Option Format included the OPERATION MENU only. This option the without exiting from the To the the (which appear this from the OPERATION MENU. Then the from the MS-DOS Exiting Option the of the following If this selection the OPERATION MENU: to DOS this when and the MS-DOS
If this selection the OPERATION MENU: and this when and the selecting this option, the from and the normally. If to from A. and MS-DOS Commands Each choice the OPERATION MENU to MS-DOS command: OPERATION MENU Choice MS-DOS Command SETUP Format HDFMTALL Format FORMAT DIAGSYS HDSIT The other MS-DOS commands the SYSTAT ROMBIOS HELP You these MS-DOS commands, with the of DIAGSYS, to or to directory another You then the as MS-DOS command without the To these commands, the COPY MS-DOS
You the commands directly from the without C, and to follow these the A. At the C) type: A: HDSIT Press To the DIAGSYS, the with the A. If to this other the
This chapter to the information the CMOS RAM. You from the OPERATION MENU, or the MS-DOS SETUP command. You the when turn the first You to to: Permanently the clocks or the the (RS-232C) The information with the CMOS RAM, which backed battery. Whenever turn the searches the CMOS RAM the information. If the the information CMOS RAM and the to the the To the from the OPERATION MENU, and then To the from the MS-DOS type SETUP and the Chapter
the displayed: options from this and to the the selection highlighted, option the displays another of choices. selections the of the following To the without the to the or ESC. This to the To to highlight SAVE SETTINGS and the written to the CMOS RAM, and the with the
the the option from the The displays of the the the CMOS RAM. the this without EXIT AND SAVE If incorrect, The and the If or to the to the OPERATION MENU or the MS-DOS without re-booting the Press to highlight without and the correct, to highlight EXIT AND SAVE and If the clock, the MS-DOS reappears. the the the If the displays the and the Clock of the and clock. the clock backed battery, of the and while the turned off. The MS-DOS TIME and DATE commands, as as software the and the clock, they to the and the clock option to the and permanently. to the clock to seasonal such as years. that though MS-DOS and the clock 24-hour to the
To the clock, follow these On the to the to clock and You the and displayed this: To the the to and You the the shown the using each the the the correct, If the and the To the the to and You the the shown the the month and the and four the the the the correct, If the and the change. both the and correct, to to the to other The clock immediately, when
(RS-232C) the and Secondary options to the the The the that to MS-DOS as COM1:- normally the built-in You might this or The secondary the as COM2:- normally option This might the internal attached to the built-in the option to match the to the switch that to MODE command to the when The the the and secondary This section the as To the the to and You of to this: Parity Stop SAVE SETTINGS To the of the to and The displays:
the to the and To the type of the to Parity and The displays: the to the type of and To the length, the to and The to or whichever displayed Press to the previous To the of the to Stop and The to or whichever played To the previous the to the option the Then the as the of this chapter.
This chapter or installation. the and operating Formatting the this with Format option the OPERATION MENU. You this option from the OPERATION MENU, or the MS-DOS HDFMTALL command. using this Format and choose option (Normal). to and the operating to MS-DOS and formatting MS-DOS. You to serious with the completely reformatting the the (option the HARD DISK FORMAT MENU) to formatting necessary. If this back and the These below. Formatting and Checking option Format from the OPERATION MENU, of formatting and HARD DISK FORMAT MENU Conditional (Normal) selection Formatting Chapter
The first options Normally option (Normal). This option that the and them that they used. Option to the of tracks. The other options option to the and the this option writes to the as as reads track that destroyed. To without option with of tracks, without the the Other with the formatting the this tracks that If the shows that the as already then the Conditional (Normal) option to the If the matches the of tracks, they the (to the tracks) formatting the If the the that the the option to the manually. option from the HARD DISK FORMAT MENU, the the of If than then each this (C/D)? Press C or D, and then If the option immediately.
Format (Normal) this option to the that they used. To the Conditional and then The to the to as from the of the the the of the checked. 20MB the first Format Scanning tracks... the the displays information about the of the 20MB with tracks, the this: Scanning finished. Count of Count of with other Count of tracks The then displays about the of ceeding with formatting: WARNING! ALL DATA WILL BE DESTROYED IN ALL PARTITIONS OF HARD DISK, NOT JUST IN MS-DOS PARTITION! to formatting (Y/N)? If there with other and absolutely that to the then The then once to You this and DOUBLE CHECK THAT YOU HAVE BACKUP DISKETTE COPIES OF ALL YOUR FILES. to and (Y/N)? and
If formatting these Format Press ENTER to to the If with formatting, formatting formatting and of these: Format finished. tracks... head Format completed. Press ENTER to to the and At this to to the HARD DISK FORMAT MENU. If there with other and the Scanning Warning: This or Press ENTER to to the Press This that the or that If this to If to the this the following: If the the (option and tracks know the Track Format below.) the (option to tracks. below.) the should
Format this option to when to the of formatting The and formatting the which fied. With the the of formatting To the and then You first the option to the interleave factor from the of three. this the with You this of (Y/N)? To the and To the and You this interleave factor the recommended and The allows to the of tracks. The this: Track Head Head Head Head Head highlighted to with track,
To track, follow these Press A. You this the of the containing the track, and You this head the head the track, and The and head XXXX and to the type of the To this operation, without You this Table If or head of the of displayed, and the to the entry, appears the and another command. If the to the incorrect track, and C to the to the from the the track. finished editing,check the the once the correct, F. The displays warning about the of proceeding with and the exactly the as this option to and to that WARNING: If this the that the this reason, think that causing first option to the
This operates of writing, reading, and information every of the that as tracks. To the and then You these Read/Save/Write/Read/Restore/Read tracks... each checked, the counts to the the displays the of the including of that write, 20MB with track, this finished. Count of Count of with write, Count of write, detected. destroyed. Press ENTER to to the If the that the summary shows track with write, and tracks. The then this: Tracks Head Head Head Head Confirm to the the Track as tracks. to the tracks as (Y/N)?
To the as and You then of the as they You these tracks... head Press ENTER to to the Press to to the HARD DISK FORMAT MENU. The slightly than the the previous section. This option and to the of this that detected. To the and then You these tracks... each checked, the displayed. The counts to as the checked. the the displays summary of the of the This summary these counts: Tracks with read, tracks. If this read, detected. If found, the displays of the that to the the the reports this Press ENTER to to the the information displayed, then
This chapter to with Normally, the MS-DOS FORMAT command. and to (which option Format from the OPERATION MENU. This option 360KB or 720KB high-density without exiting The Format the formatting the the directory and To option from the OPERATION MENU. If this and Format Format which (A/B)? Press or and Then this displays: A: and ENTER when ready (The selected that the to and The displays the head and as the the these 360KB Format Format another (Y/N)? You another or to the OPERATION MENU. of the FORMAT command, to the MS-DOS Formatting Chapter
Performing This chapter to the operation of the and of I+. You these option the OPERATION MENU. or optional or whether correctly. You should these from to another, and the internal To with the A. Then option from the OPERATION MENU. If this other You the following each reference Memory and CRT graphics and CRT and Math interface) (RS-232C and the when testing these Chapter
the the the The of the DIP switches the front The of the The peripheral that connected to the these items checked, of the testing. This includes the that the and something this: The following DEVICE LIST Memory and CRT and interface) (RS-232C and the DEVICE LIST (Y/N)? If the correctly and then If from this or to the and Then follow the instructions below to the Once the DEVICE LIST, only those items. If that to another first to the OPERATION MENU and
the DEVICE LIST If from the DEVICE LIST, that to the and to this the DEVICE LIST (Y/N)? You DEVICE LIST selection To to the and then The displays of other that currently included the DEVICE LIST.You to this: Additional DEVICE LIST graphics and CRT Math the of the item to
the of the item to and That item from the Additional DEVICE LIST the You as as necessary. and to to the DEVICE LIST both and the that currently selected DIP switches and the front To from the and The displays the DEVICE LIST and the the of the item to the of the item to and That item from the DEVICE LIST the You as as necessary. items, and to to the DEVICE LIST the DEVICE LIST, and then The displays the DEVICE LIST If the correct, and You ready to Selecting From the DEVICE LIST, the to tested. the of the then the to the You this of to selection o
You that the only or of the from to testing of only; once To the once only, then The displays of the To the and You this Terminate (Y/N)? Press and to terminate the or and to the of OU this the of to the then The the from If the that and and displayed. If to the the You this of the (Y/N)? To without the and turned and and the correctly. Then and If the ready, the following and displayed: correctly. correctly and Y, or to Correct the the and and to, or and to the the this Printout finished. Press ENTER to to the
The of the following It to the DEVICE LIST, or If and terminating the the that caused the The of this chapter the the and the optional The displays the title of each the of the and that these tests, to A. this option to the operation of each the board, including: The CPU The ROM The clock, CMOS RAM, and The integrated The the CPU They that the CPU instruction functioning correctly. If reported, write the and or them and Attempting to board warranty Memory this option to the built-in memory. The the DIP switches to the amount of memory. If incorrect, the DIP switches to they match the memory. This option expanded memory the 640KB memory MS-DOS.
this the writes memory and then reads back. The written and of 64KB. each count of memory each that tested without The usually: KB OK If reported, write the and or them and Attempting to memory warranty this option to the of the The first the this the lights the flash. If detected, then choose the the of the the that the matches the You this KEYBOARD SELECT MENU US ASCII United French Spanish selection the of then You the and the displays the the Press each the to the character the If the character displayed the match the pressed, there with each
The of the and shown the right of the These appear the KEYBOARD CHECK Press ENTER to Press ENTER screen and match. If the function correctly and match the characters displayed, and then If the function, the characters match the and then Then the from the DEVICE LIST, and that selected the You of the international the MS-DOS If incorrect, and of the and or them and and CRT this option to the of and This includes that allow to related to the To this DIP switches and the front correctly You the from this MONOCHROME ADAPTER AND CRT CHECK MENU selection Attribute Character
If to the this of and the first (option If of these tests, the and or them Then the and to to the DEVICE LIST. To the and then The the RAM memory) the writing to memory, then reading back and to the written The of the tested. Attribute To the of the and then of displayed showing of the intensity high intensity, and the information displayed and then to the the (Y/N)? Press and then the correct. If the correct, the and If they incorrect, and to that to the and to that
Character To character and then The character that included the internal character displayed. the characters displayed this the character to the the (Y/N)? If the characters displayed match the and If with the characters the and then to the To the of This displays and white. First the to the white Then to this You this to the of the the The and located
This service only. If this option, to the To the the and choose this option, the and CRT Although each supply the to from to the Graphics and CRT this option to the of graphics and This includes that allow to related to the To this DIP switches and correctly You the from this COLOR GRAPHICS ADAPTER AND CRT CHECK MENU graphics Attribute Character character 320X200 graphics 640X200 graphics Light selection If specified to the this and only the first graphics
If of these tests, the and or them Then the and to to the DEVICE LIST. graphics To the graphics and then The the RAM memory) the writing to memory, and then reading it and to the written The of the tested. Attribute To the of the graphics and Several and displayed showing of the and the information displayed and to the the (Y/N)? Press and then the correct. If the correct, the If they incorrect, and to
Character To character and The that included the internal character displayed. the characters this CHARACTER SET CHECK checking the character to the the (Y/N)? If the characters displayed match the and then If with the characters the and to the the (Y/N)?
character To character and then The character that included the internal character displayed. the characters this tration: C C C C C the (Y/N)? the character to the the (Y/N)? If the characters match the and If with the characters the and to the graphics To graphics and then The displays three and red--against background. These four If they correct, and then The this the white, and and the background red. These If these correct, and then to the
If incorrectly, first the of and that both of the firmly. If and to the graphics To graphics and The displays three background, as shown below. 640X200 GRAPHICS MODE CHECK If the clear and and then If clearly, first the of and then that both of the firmly. If and to the the (Y/N)?
To the of and The RAM the graphics This the first with to the and then each turn. You this examined this to the The numbered to displayed sequentially. the eighth displayed, the the (Y/N)? If correct, and If with incorrect and to the Light To the function of light connected to the graphics and then This that light connected to the graphics accurately. this these to light to to the
If light attached, and To the and You this PLACE LIGHT PEN ON CENTER OF WHITE BLOCK Touch the of the white the with the light the light correctly positioned, the to another of the three tests, the The light properly You the the The light malfunctioning You the within amount of the CPU Option displays each and indicating the The the following the specified below: Black White To this option from the the first displayed. Press to the On the this the (Y/N)? If the correct, and to the If displayed incorrectly, first the of and then that both of the firmly. If and to the Light Light Light Light Light White (high intensity)
This service only. If this option, to the To the the and choose this option, the and CRT Although each supply the to from to the and this option to the performance of the This includes that allow to related to these tests, to the that write the the 360KB 360KB 720KB 720KB You the from this FLOPPY DISK DRIVE(S) AND CONTROLLER CHECK MENU selection the the of If than this each which (A/B)?
Press or and then If the and and the serviced This the of the read/write heads to of the This action read/write head this each head from the to the track. The 360KB and 720KB option from the to this The displays the of each with 360KB the first track The counts (from or to The each head, the count If the displayed. This to the that the operation each instead of Select option from the to this This the of the selected to and write from The writes to and reads from each the the This the the selected Select option from the to this
If only prompted to the the You these this If A, to this to to the the A, then and The displays the as each tested. with 720KB the first This the of the specified Select option from the to this You to this: The rotation should than and than The the seconds then displays this: The rotation The 360KB or 720KB (3-inch) should This of The to and the updated every seconds. To the the to the If to without or this and or properly. Press ENTER to to the To the the and then
choose this option, the and Although each supply the to from to the Math this option to the operation of the To the math option from the DEVICE LIST tests, the DIP switch the front to that If the or DIP switch correctly, and the The then of to the with which the and to whether correctly The reports that Interface) this option to the operation of the secondary this option to the built-in assigned as the secondary or IBM option To the loop-back the that the of the loop-back that to the option from the DEVICE LIST, these loop-back to to this when attached, or to to the the loop-hack Then and to the The the writing and reading and information, and reports that faulty. that instead of loop-back
the to the functions of the This the built-in to as the or the (such as the IBM and To the the loop-back the that the of the This to the to the of the interface) (RS-232C) this option to the of the cations (KS-232C) To the loop-back the KS-232C that the of the loop-back that to the option from the DEVICE LIST, these loop-back to to this when attached, or to to the the loop-back Then and to the the the to that they to from high to and played this of the The back which the to the this these RS232C back rates
Each tested turn, and the informs of the of the If the become ready correctly, timeout If match the and the reports the and received the of the The back which the to At the of the these RS232C back with NONE Once match the and the reports the and the of the this option to the of tions (RS-232C) To the loop-back the that the of the This to the the to the of the (RS-232C) this option to The operation of The of with the character the I+ The of to hit-image graphics and of the graphics option from the DEVICE LIST, this (Y/N)?
that connected to the and that it with and Press and then to or and to to the the the that the correctly. This whether the off-line or whether interface If the repeating of ASCII aracters and to the The this: The text includes the characters commonly that or graphic characters. If characters than the to with software. The to the using (ESC K) with and IBM If this correctly, the MS-DOS GRAPHICS to of graphics the characters its To the off-line. and this option to the performance of the If the and serviced
option from the DEVICE LIST, this HARD DISK DRIVE(S) AND CONTROLLER CHECK MENU and correction Read, selection If specified to the this and the first three from this the the of If than then each this which (C/D)? Press C or and then This the of the read/write heads to of the This action read/write head this each head each of the from the Select option from the to this The displays the of each counting from 20MB to The the read/write heads the only once. If the displayed. This the of the to and write The writes to and reads from each sector of the of the each head.
This the of the selected This and MS-DOS. Therefore, created MS-DOS Select option from the to this You these The the highest physical this o to to the Press and then to with the You count the If the to the If reported, of the and Then the (option the HARD DISK FORMAT MENU) to the of the If this shows other with the follow these the the option Format the OPERATION MENU. the MS-DOS with FDISK and with SELECT. MS-DOS and correction This the of the to read/write and to the accordingly. This the of the selected This and MS-DOS. Therefore, created MS-DOS Select option from the to this You these The the highest physical this to this to to the
Press and then to with the If the displayed. the malfunctioning. this back and the serviced immediately. (The corrupting Read, This and from of the each and both heads. Select option from the to this The displays the of each with 20MB the first The counts to At the of the of the of the 20MB with tracks, BAD TRACKS READ ERROR TRACKS GOOD TRACKS Press ENTER to to the Press when the To the the and then choose this option, the and Although each supply the to from to the The first The the highest physical this to this to to the Press and then to with the
This chapter the when to the option to to the each the this that the read/write heads from the and securely If the heads and the subjected to shock or the heads the and the At the least amount of To the heads, option from the OPERATION MENU. You of information that the heads the or switched off and The displayed, the heads and the You the off and to the location. You the heads the MS-DOS HDSIT command. If that the heads, to specify the when the HDSIT command. To this, the following the MS-DOS HDSIT /C The /C selects the switch and the of the where the heads to secured. information. the Chapter
This chapter the that included These exclusively I+ HELP ROMBIOS SYSTAT Each MS-DOS command. You the commands to or to directory another Then the commands from the MS-DOS without the To the from option from the OPERATION MENU You this selection the to DOS this selection to and Selecting option this The HELP the HELP to information the MS-DOS commands and This function informa- tion to the MS-DOS The of this HELP [command. HELP to of commands. HELP the of or MS-DOS commands, each to the and the each command. Chapter
the displayed, this the of the Select to command, to the to (You command from the the highlighted, The the specified command played. If there than of the the top of the Press (or to the of the reading the information, to to the If type HELP and or the command the information the first displayed. Press SC to the information the command. SC the information the command, MS-DOS to the The information the HELP.TXT If HELP.COM to another or to HELP.TXT to the If they the path, the APPEND to HELP.TXT. To information the COPY command, type the following command and HELP COPY To information the DISKCOPY and FORMAT commands, type the following and HELP DISKCOPY FORMAT To the type HELP and
found You the Press to to the and to HELP.TXT HELP the HELP.TXT HELP.COM and HELP.TXT the directory, or APPEND to the directory that HELP.TXT. The ROMBIOS this to the and ROM BIOS of the updated, to with information. To to the ROM BIOS of The of this ROMBIOS ROMBIOS the command and You to: EQUITY I+ ROM BIOS The SYSTAT this to the the CMOS RAM and the DIP switch You these The of this command SYSTAT
SYSTAT and You to this: CPU Memory KB type KB A: clock of RS-232C of Next other To the of information, You to this: Secondary B: Parity Stop Parity
To the SYSTAT found SYSTAT found the the to Checksum found This displays SYSTAT to the clock The clock or and to replaced.
and This the and that appear board CPU ERROR ROM CHECKSUM ERROR TIMER COUNTER REGISTER ERROR TIMER COUNTER ERROR DMA CONTROLLER REGISTER ERROR DMA REFRESH ERROR SELFDIAGNOSTIC ERROR INTERRUPT CONTROLLERERROR CMOS BATTERYERROR CMOS CHECKSUMERROR INSTRUCTIONERROR Memory MEMORY/PARITY ERROR ERROR NON-STANDARDOR DEFECTIVE KEYBOARD and CRT V-RAM ERROR VIDEO SIGNAL ALWAYS HIGH/LOW ATTRIBUTEERROR CHARACTERSET ERROR A-1. and A-1
graphics and CRT V-RAM ERROR ATTRIBUTEERROR CHARACTERSET ERROR 40-COLUMN CHARACTERSET ERROR GRAPHICS MODE ERROR GRAPHICS MODE ERROR SCREEN PAGING ERROR LIGHT PEN ERROR COLOR VIDEO ERROR and FLOPPYDISK CONTROLLERERROR SEQUENTIAL SEEK ERROR RANDOM SEEK ERROR WRITEERROR READ ERROR Math COPROCESSORNOT INSTALLED COPROCESSOR INITIALIZEERROR COPROCESSOR INVALID OPERATION MASK ERROR COPROCESSOR ST FIELD ERROR COPROCESSOR COMPARISON ERROR COPROCESSOR ZERO DIVIDE MASK ERROR COPROCESSOR ADDITION ERROR COPROCESSORSUBTRACTION ERROR COPROCESSOR MULTIPLICATION ERROR COPROCESSOR PRECISION ERROR ERROR PIN ERROR PIN A-2 Table A-1. and
(RS-232C) ERROR DTR DSR, DSR ALWAYS HIGH/LOW ERROR RTS CTS, CTS ALWAYS HIGH/LOW TIMEOUT ERROR VERIFY ERROR ERROR DTR DSR, DSR ALWAYS HIGH/LOW ERROR RTS CTS, CTS ALWAYS HIGH/LOW TIMEOUT ERROR VERIFY ERROR type and SEEK ERROR WRITE ERROR READ ERROR ERROR DETECTION ERROR ERROR CORRECTION ERROR Table A-1 and A-3
The built-in memory (ROM) of of These the every the The the internal such as ROM, RAM, and the the this If found, and displayed. If the serious, the further and The the the inoperable. If the serious, the displays and to further You this F1 to the and and then F1 to the and to when repairs. The first its internal such as the ROM. If malfunction found, the displays with further information. If this as as If the found, the and this displays: this to If I/O or this ROM where the of the of the I/O ROM option B-1
Clock and CMOS RAM the completed successfully, the the and CMOS RAM. If the information the RAM match the installation, this options SETUP DIAGNOSTICS) The information the CMOS RAM corrected. the the to the tion information. If the clock this displayed: SETUP DIAGNOSTICS) RAM The to the RAM both the board and option cards. this this displayed: KB OK where XXX the amount of memory which malfunction found. This increases continuously 64KB to the amount of RAM the board, which 640KB. If the the first 64KB and the with further information. If there RAM this 201-Memory and The the and such as of of the to release. If there the the and the this displayed: XX this the the that causing the This (Ctrl and B-2
The its searching the rend/write heads malfunction. If found, this If this that the A. If this appears the then to the and option from the DEVICE LIST If the about the repaired. B-3