EPA POLLUTION PREVENTER Printed with
America or warranties, or implied, or with to this and ofmerchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information from the of the information this publication and features to without EPSON of Corporation EPSON and EPSON Direct service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective The EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc. California, USA IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heat or cover the the computers through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the outlet as specifically this to service the yourself. only those that covered the operating instructions. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected Computers
instructions Tout branches instructions type effiloche. branche marche-arret tomber s&wit6 conserver tous tous
EPSON performance and offers of options features Choice of or 486SX/ or DX/ or DX2/ or SX2/50; DX4/ or or TM TM the and 4MB or 8MB of internal memory, to 64MB and BIOS RAM 8KB of internal cache integrated the and to 256KB of optional cache memory the board Integrated high-speed, SVGA interface 512KB to 1MB) or 1MB of on-board memory to (with 1MB of VRAM) the with 1MB of VRAM built-in and built-in One built-in PS/2 and built-in PS/ Introduction
the built-in interfaces, of directly to the to option cards. You the option to with such as or interface The RAM allows to the and BIOS the RAM of memory. The SVGA interface the of the rather than the ISA With 512KB of RAM, the SVGA to and to or and non-interlaced). With 1MB of VRAM, to Introduction option three full-length, and half-length to four (three externally and internal) On-board to IDE and (or and Math integrated the DX, DX2, and clock and with built-in rechargeable
this with the United States Protection Agencys which the of computers, and PC the when the and inactive specified of It to VGA with VGA and with the integrated interface. With these of the VGA such as higher and text when If these and If to them yourself, the instructions Chapter To applications, the EPSON SM or the America CompuServe. If isnt from Introduction
Optional You easily memory and of as and Memory 1MB, 2MB, 4MB, 8MB, 16MB, or 32MB memory to the board, the memory to 64MB. Memory CPU Introduction You increase the memory to 1MB, which allows to higher with of including and Chapter information. You increase the cache memory to 64KB, 128KB, or 256KB cache SRAM the board, allowing to and performance. to four including CD-ROM or
to This You to everything this the following chapter instructions and turning and off. It the SETUP to Chapter covers operating procedures, the using the PC features, and the Chapter to and the cover, and optional such as option and memory Chapter to and Chapter troubleshooting the specifications of At the of this Index, and of U.S. and international locations. Introduction
Where to If purchased the United States or EPSON and service through of Authorized EPSON Customer EPSON services through the EPSON the United States, GO-EPSON. the EPSON the following: You purchase or EPSON products from EPSON (U.S. only). GO-EPSON locations. technical ready to and its and to the Chapter information. If purchased the United States or EPSON or the location and service. International locations the of this Introduction Technical with the installation, and of EPSON products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Customer Customer Relations EPSON technical information service Product and products.
If with software the that with that technical information. CompuServe If the to helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON products through the America CompuServe. If currently of CompuServe, introductory membership as of EPSON This membership introductory CompuServe ID and to CompuServes monthly publication. To of this offer, the United States and and other countries, the following U.S. telephone or CompuServe If CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America Introduction
Chapter This chapter to It includes the following information: the switch Connecting Turning the and off the SETUP Unpacking the items shown below.
If purchased optional that the computer-such as option cards, memory or should these and instructions. the Selector Switch supply. The supply switch the back You this switch to VAC or VAC. EPSON the with the switch to VAC. This and VAC, and the to to North South or If to the the United or South American countries, to the switch to VAC. Doing allows to and VAC, which
To the switch the switch to the right to VAC or to the to VAC. the to the to the the location or seriously switch
Connecting the following to the the back of as the and other Although the and the and physically they interchangeably. to the the MOUSE or includes the and to the board and to option You the board
Connecting the Cord Follow these to the cord: the the the back of the the other of the grounded the of ready to the Turning On and to the Instructions the of this the and other connected to the WARNING To shock, to the the the If there protective or
Then the the located the right of the front as shown below. light The lights seconds, the its This of everything correctly. If necessary, the to the the Whenever off to the light and the light(s) to they Press the to off the peripheral follow the instructions below to o &.I.~ IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII dticesslight
the SETUP to SETUP the first or the information. You to SETUP SETUP or the following: such as type(s), and type or selection of or selection of advanced features performance booting options security and PC such as the the and the SETUP allows to summary information about The SETUP and the factory the ROM BIOS (read-only memory, input/ The information of memory CMOS RAM. This memory backed battery, when off or the
Starting the SETUP these the following SETUP, this Press F2 to SETUP. This the seconds. If the and If the hear and this Press F2 to SETUP. SETUP displays the From this the options to and then to CMOS. If and the ROM or the previously CMOS. The below the to SETUP operations. SETUP function Function f&t the to the top or of the F1 or the option currently selected o o o the to the or previous option
SETUP function Whenever SETUP, the of the the to The Option From the the options below. the and The clock continuously the and when the turned off. Once the and should to them, the daylight or (The the years.) the type The Systemoption allows to the type of If connected to the built-in VGA EGA VGA Function F5 or- Selects the F6 or or Selects the F9 the factory the SETUP options the F10 the Selects the option or or the previousscreen
If connected that VGA to the CGA or the option. the VGA J14 and J15 to the instructions.) Checking memory the BIOS the memory automatically. You the memory the Memory and Memory this SETUP You these they what them to that the SIMM(s) securely seated their to the SIMM the type(s) On the 3.5-inch high-density You another of or capacity; this B. the both and them necessary. The Option The options the the of From this or C o o with Press when the Autotype option highlighted. The the type of and the the
If or the If when the Autotype option highlighted and the match to included the If to type or the the section instructions to type. type If the match the the or to with other than the type. To type, follow these the to and the each field that SETUP, The Advanced Option this option from the the Advanced which the options below. the Advanced options To should the these options. connected or to to Advanced Chipset the of the to PS2 bidirectional operation). information.
cache memory The Memory options or manually them. If cache, cache memory performance, and If choose to the cache memory (rather than the the write and burst and non-cacheable of memory. to the these features. memory The the Memory options or manually them. You or of and memory and the of ROM this RAM than ROM. The options this allow to the of its and/ or ROM RAM. operations increase performance. the the and the options to Enabled. If the ROM located these to the
chipset The Advanced Chipset options or manually the the chipset these correctly increases performance; however, them incorrectly to malfunction or to the option to to the these options to or to should to the option to PS2 bidirectional operation). The the AT operation). the from the the which the options below. Selecting the The option the which the the when the operating If A: then C:, each the first to the operating from A. If operating the it from C. If C then A:, the to the operating from C first. If C operating the to from A. If C: only, the to the operating from C only.
the option If the option to C: only, the option the to the the option the to the the SETUP The SETUP POST option allows to the Press <F2> to SETUP that You to this to unauthorized users from the SETUP when the however, SETUP F2 within the allowed amount of The POST option allows to the and the Press <F1> to <F2> to that when the If this option, the and as it normally would. Its to this option the summary the summary option, the summary that when the If this option, You the selecting the Summary option from the
The Security and the Security and option from the the Security and which the options below. or You both and this If the than to and others to to the instance, to to the or the protection features. If the option, the or each the If this option the each the SETUP If both and SETUP displays options the who with To first Follow these to or the option and You the to then You of to characters. the and You that
Press the The option to Enabled. To the option and follow the To follow these the option to Disabled. the both the and the field. Dont type characters these Then the the You the SETUP allow to the If Chapter the protection features Several options the Security and allow to protection features. The Access option allows to to based the This unauthorized from the and possibly introducing to You and the option.
If this option, the the when who the with to the If the option, the You selecting o o o o o o o this option the displays when to write to the sector of To (such as the MS-DOS@ FORMAT command) the write option. options this allow to the to whether scheduled or scheduled You these or them or Monthly. If that these however, the normally. To access, the option. If Access the option whenever to
the PC The PC options allow to the features of this The options the PC allow to the or time-out to the and low-energy The Inactivity option the time-out to the or inactive the to If isnt from that when If the as as the Inactivity option, the input the specified of to active This allows to to also. The Timeout option the time-out The when the and inactive the of indicated. Also, the caused the to active applications. If to the Timeout option.
The Summary Option the Summary option from the the SETUP displays summary of the This the You choose to the this information this option Exiting SETUP SETUP, or SETUP without You to the factory To SETUP, SC from SETUP From the the following: ROM Loads the factory o o CMOS. o o o o o o o o o o o Loads the from CMOS CMOS SETUP This SETUP. to the CMOS to CMOS.
Procedures SETUP the first to the operating operating instructions. Once operating software to instructions. You to the optional of (If these already The README and instructions and the To the A, type the following, and To the to type the following and the commands to or the README If to Microsoft TM the README READMEP
Chapter This chapter the following operations: comfortably command or the the PC the Comfortably This section creating hips, and and wrists as to as and stretch, and around. back. with as
Command or You to command or while If MS-DOS or command that to of the following: Press Press Ctrl C Press Ctrl If these to the as below. off the to or to, because the If the as This reduces and strain. Also, closing them or focusing the with Too force Also, enough to the or other freely. lighting that isnt too bright. to bright light of field of when the directly front of and about from The top of the should slightly below the the that light reflected from the
the Occasionally, to clear the memory without turning off. You this the and the to to operating and try memory that necessary. To the Ctrl The displays nothing and then the operating You the RESET located the right the front of If the the to off and from the Turn off the and seconds. If the A. Then the the to and when them normally. If the without properly exiting or or off the while light You to off the
Wisely purchasing this of users concerned about conserving to If and them off when them. softwares option something. to catch formatting them to If to rather than Not this and whenever PC the the or both when the or inactive the SETUP. Chapter information these the light flashes and Press or the to activity. If the to active hear It or to reach its operating and or write to the The light when the the
the or The to with such as those that to disk-the that the protection-in the operating the SPEED light the front the operating the light off. You should everything and the software to this the You the temporarily of the following commands from the To Ctrl (Press the the To Ctrl The or off. Also, the caused the to active applications. If to the the
You the commands while the of these commands another function, to the
Chapter and Removing You the performance of optional such as memory option cards, memory, cache memory, or This first to cover to options and to the when finished. It then the following: Locating the internal the and memory and option memory cache memory the Once option, Post-installation Procedures options or with the turned or the connected to the and
the Cover You to the cover to of the options this chapter or to or Chapter Follow these to the cover: Turn off the and then Disconnect the from the outlet and from the back that connected to the including the If the top of the off and to Turn the around the back facing the three screws the cover to the back as shown below. and Removing
the of the cover, and off, as shown below. the cover Ground to the touching the of the back WARNING to ground touching the back of the the cover. If properly grounded, shock that when and
the Cover ready to the cover, follow these the internal properly. those that might of the they catch the cover. the the front of the cover the front and the and straight the the three cover screws. the to the and other peripheral Then the to the back of the and to and
Locating the follow the instructions this chapter, to the following to the board. rc..rkn J33 J31 J17 option board J30 J15 J2: J2L J2E J2E tor or J14 J13 J8 JA JB JC and memory J4 J5 J6 JE J7
the The the functions and the factory to however, the information the following to their necessary. Function JA LPT JB HDC (IDE JC COMA JD COMB JE HDC (IDE J4 (J1) J5 Assigns the as LPT1 J6 Assigns as COM1 J7 Assigns as COM2 J8 Enablesthe J10 On VGA VGA J17 or or of these (486SX/33, 486DX/33, 486DX2/66, DX4/100, or and Removing LPT HDC (IDE COMA COMB HDC (IDE (J1) Assigns the as LPT2 Assigns as COM3 Assigns as COM4 the 486DX/50 DX/40 or or of these (486SX/25, 486DX2/50, DX4/75, or SX2/50)
Factory JB and JE to the to the the type of factory-installed type the type of factory-installed To the of The of J33 VGA Function J14 J15 built-in VGA built-in VGA CMOS memory (this the SETUP to and Removing
To the built-in VGA cache If externalcache, the of these The the the to others service only. the If to follow these to the to the If the to option to the to the To from to the other, or to off its and to the and Removing to the or surrounding the board. J25 J26
option Memory with 4MB or 8MB of memory memory memory increase the amount of memory to 64MB. There SIMM the board, and each SIMM. You 1MB, 2MB, 4MB, 8MB, 16MB, and 32MB The following shows the SIMM memory other The the the and where should SIMM 1MB 1MB 2MB 2MB 1MB 4MB 4MB 4MB 4MB 8MB 8MB memory 1MB 1MB 2MB 2MB 1MB 3MB 2MB 3MB 4MB 1MB 5MB 2MB 6MB 4MB 8MB 8MB 1MB 9MB and
SIMM the following to that they properly: tin-plated, or that of (nanoseconds) or the the the SIMM to the amount of memory the and
SIMM exactly the the If to the EPSON and Follow these to to the to the SIMM option that to the SIMM instructions.) the first SIMM the first the as shown below. The the SIMM should the supply. and Removing
the SIMM the seated the Then upright, as shown below, the each of the SIMM the each of the SIMM If it smoothly, force it the and and the other SIMM, necessary. option instructions.) If to from (to ones, follow the below: option that to the SIMM instructions.) and Removing
or screwdriver to the that the SIMM each as shown below. the the SIMM to the from the If necessary, follow the to the other SIMM. option as the section. and
Option Card This section to option ISA three and half-length. option cards, these the and the board which to that touching or obstructing other or the option of the the or the gently top of its with the facing the the the switches or necessary. the instructions that with the Also, to the board. to the built-in VGA information and Removing
Card Follow these to option of the the screw the option cover to the as shown below. the screw to the option to the the and the option the the top corners and the as shown below. (If the front of the the the front Once the reach the the to You should If the smoothly, force the and and
the of the to the with the screw. Card Half-length Sot Follow these instructions to of the half-length the screw the cover the it straight and of the the the cover. and coverbracket
the the top corners with the facing and the the the below the option the to the with the screw. Removing Option Card You to option to the board-to You to to the and as follow these If from of the first the screw the option to the Then the straight of the If from of the half-length first the cover Then the straight of the the with the facing If another option the the option cover and screw. Once the reach the the to You should the If smoothly, force the the and and
Memory with 512KB or 1MB of memory. If 512KB, increase memory to 1MB four DRAM DIP chips. The 256KB chips that the memory to properly, each RAM the board. Additional memory useful graphics- or to information and each amount of memory. The below the DRAM DIP that DRAM DIP GM71C256A-70/80 MB81C256A-70/80 NMBS AAA1M204P-70/50 TC514256AP-7/8 KM44C256BP-7/8 that memory exactly the shown If to memory chips, the EPSON and and Removing
the memory the board, shown If there option instructions. To electricity and the memory chips, ground touching the the of the back Then as stationary as while them. the memory from their and inspect each The should slightly than If of the this or to them with the other the and off easily. of the memory the as shown below, the the with the the the notch the of the with the notch the notches and Removing
You 64KB, 128KB, or 256KB of cache To 64KB of cache, SRAM, 8K DIP chips, and 8K To 128KB of cache, four SRAM, 32K DIP chips, and 8K To 256KB of cache, SRAM, 32K DIP chips, and 32K The below the cache SRAM DIP that SRAM DIP and Gently the the (to correctly If the smoothly, and try the properly positioned, both to well-seated. through each of the chips. option instructions. II
the memory to properly, the following (each four cache memory memory that cache memory exactly the If to cache memory chips, the EPSON and the Chips Follow these to the cache chips: the cache memory the board, shown If there option instructions. U23 U26 U30 U33 8K 8K 32K 32K 32K To electricity and the cache chips, ground touching the the of the back Then as stationary as while them. SRAM U34 8K 8K 32K and Removing cache 64KB 128KB 256KB
the from their and inspect them. The should slightly than If of the or crooked, straighten them with or with to them with the other when this; the and off easily. of the the first as shown below, the the with the the the notch the of the with the notch the U26 U25 U24 U23 Gently the the (to with of925bo Ih T47f0ore2
option SETUP to the option and that the and options You these options from the Memory and Memory options the Advanced Chapter the You the with The following the their and other 486SX/33 486DX/33 or 486DX/40 486DX/50 **or 486DX2/50 **or 486DX2/66 or or SX2/50 DX4/75 or DX4/100 or Heat Heat assembly** heat isrequired DX and DX2 the DX/33) and the SX2/50 heat and assembly DX, DX2, and and the DX4 the DX/33, which assembly and Removing
that exactly the If to the EPSON and the Chip Follow these to the the to the the board. The ZIF Insertion Force) If there option them. instructions. the ZIF the ZIF The Press the and from the then the upward. This releases the from the The the shows this the released the straight and and Removing ground touching the the of the back the Then as stationary as while the the the of its The 486SX/25 board that seated the the as
the from its and inspect the If they the the the the notched of the with with the as shown below. the the directly the the Then the straight the If the the the and warranty. If rather than of around the of the The the of and Removing
the the ZIF back to the closed the ofjumpers J11 and J13 to they the type of You to the of J17 to match the type and operating If to DX/ DX/ DX2, DX4, SX2, or heat and/or the of installed. the information. Follow the instructions included with the heat to If the heat with using the instructions that with the heat and If option cards, them to or to half-length SETUP as Chapter to with the Post-installation Procedures or SETUP to the Chapter instructions. Additionally, to commands to operating and the that with optional and If with the to the ofjumpers J31 and J33. and information these
and This chapter to and optional You these instructions to of including CD-ROM, and Although from the should to the to four You the internal mounting below the the externally or another type of To or first the cover as Chapter Then option that Once the option Chapter instructions. Follow the instructions this to and the mounting the mounting from the mounting of the externally from of the externally Post-installation and
of the this chapter apply the the that with information. Removing the Mounting 3.5-inch mounting (You the to or the first the mounting Follow these the from the as shown below. the and them straight the the (If necessary, the from the also.) and Removing
the screws the to the and the from the front of the and the Mounting Bracket You below the the mounting the and from the to this inch high inches If of the and
This section includes the following procedures: the mounting from the necessary) the the mounting the mounting the Connecting the to the the If as the (which the operating and the other as the of high-capacity EPSON included A. Also, to know the of heads, sectors, the SETUP to correctly The the SETUP included A. If or information, the that with or the and Removing
the Mounting If there mounting attached to them the Follow these On there and to of the mounting If the screws them to the mounting and the and grounding Then the screws each mounting to the and the mounting and Removing
the the board, as shown below. the of the containing indicated or the board. You to know the location of when the the Follow these to the the mounting With the facing the the the front of the nearly with the of the and Removing
the the with the oval-shaped the the with or four screws, the location of the and Removing
the Bracket the Follow these to the the with the the mounting and the front of the through the the front of the the the with the the and brace. Then the with the screws previously. and
Connecting the the to the both the and the This section includes the following Connecting the to the Connecting the to the Reconnecting the to the Connecting the to the Follow the below to the to the board, already connected. the with three that the with the this the first and
the the the below. the board of the that the with of the the board. There the board to the the the then the If correctly the with the severely board when the and Removing
Connecting the and to the Follow the below to the and supply to the the the of the the If the casing and the to the and turn it to the board. instructions the and instructions locating the the the that the with the and Removing
the the the then the of the supply that from the supply. (They wires and the the supply that its notched corners with the notched corners of the the the the and then the and
Reconnecting the to the to the below while follow these the the the and the that the to the the supply with the the that the the and the the with the the If the correctly, severely when and Removing
Removing From the Mounting Bracket Follow these to the from the and Disconnect the from the mounting the and them straight the the the screws the to the and brace. the from the front of the and the screws the to the and the of the the the instructions
with externally You these to of the following: CD-ROM or If or with 5.25-inch the that with If or with type of to purchase If to the of the to they of high-capacity EPSON included A. If or information, the that with or the of the first the mounting containing the (and possibly instructions. This section includes the following mounting to the necessary) the the Connecting the and
Attaching Mounting to the If 3-inch to mounting to the If that already mounting and grounding plate to If follow to the and grounding Then to the Follow these to mounting to the mounting and four screws that with the shown below, mounting of the and that the the the the Then the mounting to the with the screws. to mounting to the other of the and mounting
the Follow these to the or the from the from the of the the (or and Removing
the through the the with the front of the the the of the with the mounting the or mounting Then both of the to the using the screws. and Removing
Connecting the and If or follow the below. If follow the instructions through Then to below. If another type of the that with to the then to below to the supply the the the connected to the board. If with card-edge the (the with the the as shown below. If the below the and and the to purchase that reach both and Removing
If 3.5-inch with header instructions connecting the of the that from the supply. (They wires and the the notched corners of the supply with the notched corners of the (such as the shown below). the the and then the and Removing If the correctly, when them notched corners
If of the the of the then the other completed of the the the mounting and the instructions. from To from follow these the mounting instructions. both the and the from the from the the screws the and
the and to the front of the then of the Once the the of the then the other the mounting and the instructions. Post-installation Procedures or and the cover to the SETUP to Chapter instructions. and Removing
Chapter Troubleshooting If as and to this chapter. You repeating software or the The troubleshooting this chapter such as The Within each category, with If the the Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON Where to the Introduction of this instructions. technical ready to the of its BIOS its (including the type of and option cards), and the and of software Troubleshooting
these to information about the back of the to the BIOS MS-DOS Software CONFIG.SYS: AUTOEXEC.BAT: Troubleshooting the BIOS the SETUP and the Summary option to VER and to the MS-DOS applications, About from the software usually displays the Also, software At the MS-DOS type C C and to of CONFIG.SYS which commands. At the MS-DOS type C C to of AUTOEXEC.BAT which commands.
The Not The light the the options SETUP to A. Then bootable and the The and the powerlight the securely connected to both the AC the back and The securely connected, the the outlet Turn off and the cord. the outlet and You or and to reconnected the and correctly. You option that the the A. If off the least seconds turning back This to the Troubleshooting
You SIMM incorrectly. If the memory, that SIMM(s) securely their If the the correctly. the correctly and the connected with the board. Chapter The Not The reasonable of Ctrl If that the RESET You with incorrect the Chapter over-heated. heat necessary. information. You the respond. turning the off, seconds, and turn operating. You overloaded the supply. option the option card(s). Then to the option Troubleshooting
The when or the the securely connected to the and the Although these they interchangeably. Nothing when type the The SETUP. This option inactivates the of the to active from This the they to to active seconds and The Not Respond, The the properly. If the light the right of the to turn off the function. isnt properly or the securely connected to the MOUSE and the (K/B) the correctly necessary). the that with instructions. when the Troubleshooting
There the that the switch and that its light Also, the or the the displays The light the Press or the to the Also, the and If the the securely connected to the If type matches the type. the type SETUP Chapter and that the board correctly Chapter If to the the type of and Also the and software. The the powerlight If the it Press or the to the Turn off the seconds, and back Troubleshooting
If the light the Turn off and from the Then the outlet and turn If the light You the the If the latch, to the Also, to that the right type of the high-density If the the the another of the type. If the faulty. The the tight type, that the write-protected, the from writing to the the formatted. operating instructions formatting The the Access option SETUP If when the this option to when the You copying the from the to Troubleshooting
Something with the the If MS-DOS, CHKDSK to the You to or to this properly. the correctly and the You when the SETUP and the type of The or Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON properly or its performance what the correctly and Also, the the features You to these SETUP. Troubleshooting
You when SETUP and that the type. If and SETUP displays information that match to type. the the correctly. JB and JE or the IDE information. the the correctly. the that with the information. You ate to the If the the to its operating to write to If and correctly operating operating instructions. Also, physically the physically the factory.) If physically the that with the to or the operating that physical from software-based formatting commands, such as the MS-DOS FORMAT command.) Troubleshooting
You using reduction performance. The the become and compaction to the If or read/ write the physical Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON You You CMOS memory. To this, to the of J30 to Chapter the J30, seconds, then off This the SETUP to their factory Both the and the J30 back to Then turn the SETUP to Troubleshooting
Software The that following the the and that correctly. If the the If software The reading You that the commands Chapter The reading from or writing to the If the Timeout option SETUP, the when the to its operating this option SETUP Chapter Yourapplication haslocked the to commands the and try If the it off, seconds, then software, OS/ UNIX, or NetWare, of 8MB to 16MB of RAM to correctly. software the memory If necessary, memory using the instructions Chapter Troubleshooting
The or that the or and properly connected to the If than and the and secondary (COM1 and COM2) If connected or to the the bidirectional operation (PS2 the SETUP as and The information. the the DIP switch or Also, the and selected the within software Option Card option correctly. the option correctly and well-seated its SETUP to the and software with the the that with the option to DIP switches or the The that the option to properly. Chapter information. Troubleshooting
to the to the reducing the option that the A. the option touching other the isnt touching the CPU or or heat attached to the CPU. If or heat attached to the CPU, option the lowest option connected to the option correctly. using the to securely the to the Memory The memory count displayed the incorrect. You the incorrectly. They the type or or they the Chapter information If gold-plated SIMM the the slightly. the SIMM and the gold-plated then the SIMM. Troubleshooting
You the or the I/O when The indicated If option with that with and the the board to the built-in You then to to serviced. The amount of cache the incorrect. You the cache incorrectly. They the type, or they the Also, the Also, the SETUP or the to the cache. the cache option to and both the and the options to Enabled. You these options from the Memory and Memory options the Advanced Chapter instructions the or information cache; Chapter instructions the SETUP Troubleshooting
Specifications CPU and Memory C PC or 486SX, DX, or DX2 to including the SX2/50, DX4/ or or than Watts) the and the the to the SETUP and the of and selection through commands ISA operates the of DX2/ and DX2/ internally and and externally and respectively; DX2 and respectively Specifications A-1
Memory RAM RAM Memory relocation Math Clock/ A-2 Specifications 4MB or 8MB RAM SIMM; to 64MB 1MB, 2MB, 4MB, 8MB, 16MB, and 32MB tin-plated, or type with of or 128KB BIOS, BIOS, and SETUP located EPROM board 512KB or 1MB DRAM; to 1MB four, 256KB DIP Supports of and BIOS ROM RAM Supports relocation of 256KB of memory from to and to to memory 8KB of internal cache; 64KB, 128KB, or 256KB of cache 8K or 32K DIP Math built the DX, DX2, and to clock the 82C491 with of CMOS RAM backed integrated
GD5426 high-speed SVGA to (with 1MB of VRAM); (with 1MB of VRAM) board to or and IDE interface board to IDE with built-in BIOS function RS-232C, asynchronous interfaces built board; D-shell PS/ interface built board; DIN VGA interface or built board; D-shell One bidirectional interface built board; D-shell SETUP option Specifications A-3
PS/ interface built board; DIN Option Three and half-length, I/O ISA DX/ DX2, or of the CPU heat assembly header board; cover back operation mounts One 3-inch one-inch high internal 3.5-inch 720KB or 1.44MB 3-inch or 5-inch to half-height A-4 Specifications Externally mounts One 3-inch one-inch high and 5-inch half-height 5.25-inch 360KB or 1.2MB capacity Combination 3.5-inch/ 5.25-inch
Otherdevices Half-height CD-ROM, or other 5-inch or 3-inch with mounting two-position height; or typewriter four-key function two-button, PS/ SETUP ROM; F2 and security or protection the protection sector; Physical Characteristics inches inches Height with without Specifications A-5
Option Amps Amps Based containing and Condition Humidity (non-condensing) A-6 Specifications UL/ TUV/ CSA listed, fan-cooled to VAC or to VAC; switch-selectable VAC and VAC input VDC Amps, VDC VDC Amps, VDC to to board; to to to C) to to to Non-operating to to C) to to to to C) to to
and Colors Specifications A-7
This with with the the option SETUP, the the type of and the information using the following A-8 Specifications
(continued) slightly than Specifications A-9
Option lnformation options high-capacity, 1-inch IDE Select or the If neither of these optionsare the A-10 Specifications
IDE selection) CSis used, the isgrounded and grounded. from EPSON options this from EPSON, including the following: location information about software Specifications A-11
Tested Although software the following operating tested with Microsoft MS-DOS and DR DOS NetWare and NetWare IBM OS/ SCO UNIX SCO Microsoft and Microsoft WorkGroups Microsoft NT received NetWare tested and as workstation and become these tested. DMA Assignments DMA0 DMA1 DMA2 DMA3 DMA4 DMA DMA5 DMA6 DMA7 A-12 Specifications
IRQ Function IRQ0 output IRQ1 IRQ2 from IRQ IRQ3 IRQ4 IRQ5 IRQ6 FDD IRQ7 IRQ8 clock IRQ9 IRQ10 IRQ11 IRQ12 PS/2 IRQ13 Math IRQ14 HDD IRQ15 Specifications A-13
Memory Memory to 640KB memory to 128KB memory to 0C7FFFh 32KB ROM BIOS to 32KB ROM BIOS to 128KB ROM BIOS to memory FE0000h to 128KB of ROM from to 000-01F 03F 03C 05F 06F 07F 09F 0A0 0BF 0C0 0DF OF0 OF1 0F8 -OFF 1F-1F8 27F 2DF A-14 Specifications DMA Chip AD12 NMI DMA 74LS612 2,8259A DMA Clearmath math Math graphicsadapter
I/O Specifications A-15
Connector Assignments connectorpin assignments (CN5) Active connectorpin assignments (CN7 and CN6) ready to Clear to Transit ready A-16 Specifications ACK* PE Select AFD* Selectin ground ground ground ground ground ground ground ground
batch that MS-DOS each or the This commands that the what to each BIOS ROM that the input/ functions of the operating high-speed memory that where includes 8KB of internal the and to 256KB of cache the board. CONFIG.SYS that MS-DOS each or the You this to and buffers, and specifying MS-DOS commands to CPU Processing Unit. The integrated instructions, and input and operations.
that of the of include expanded memory and IDE Integrated type of interface which the the instead of includes interface the to IDE ISA Industry Architecture. The or IBM computers. that board. the operation of function. internal of wires that information from the directly to the the increased performance. Memory board, commonly SIMM memory that surface-mounted memory chips. You memory to the to memory.
CPU. of of which the that each character of testing the RAM Access Memory. The of the memory that and temporarily while ROM. clock battery-powered clock the that of the and when the off. Memory. The of the memory that instructions and RAM, ROM its off the RAM. RS-232C interface. The that to
of of which the that each character sequentially. RAM The function that the BIOS and BIOS from ROM RAM to performance. SIMM Memory VGA Graphics high-resolution To from write-protected, or its