EPSON QX-10 OPERATIONS MANUAL
FCC American This and and and properly, that with the tions, interference to and reception. It type tested and found to with the Class computing with the specifications of of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference installation. there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following the the with to the the outlet that the and branch If necessary, the should the or The the following the helpful: to and Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington, DC rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of the information While every the of this publication, Inc. responsibility or Neither from the of the information QX-10 of America, Inc. HASCI, and TPM-II of Industries. of CP/M of Research. Copyright America, Inc. QD-001A
with QX-10 though theres of to through, this chapter and straightforward. fact, and hour or that learn everything to about QX-10, connecting its and them correctly. Unpacking the OPEN ME FIRST, found this and other and (You should three other the the location selected QX-10 fits the following Soft and the free that the QX-10 They electricity, which and might wreak of the typical the QX-10 about inches and inches slightly than typical typewriter). should allowed to the as Clear inches the QX-10 the to Started Chapter
Its to shielded from humidity, and of or woodstove-can the of to the of and the reading of the heads the sunlight, heater and other areas. Also, the QX-10 areas- operation. grounded outlet the and another (or other this type of outlet charges. importantly, the grounded! Clearance from other QX-10 from that This as everything that field that telephone things too to or Once the to QX-10, the other three such as to the tape-carefully. QX-10 packaged, theres reason to scratching its the QX-10 known as the and wrapped clear and its With each and tion the when purchase QX-10 and them to With and software to using QX-10. to the (and the should to QX-10. the QX-10 from their inspect the assembly and, or otherwise to the
that the unpacked, to the together with the Thats the that this: the with the front facing as shown. the from the and B) the PUSH located the of each the as the of the both sheets and them with the other the around that the back facing LIGHT PEN PORT C POP-OUT OPTION CARD POWER CORD PRINTER RS-232C OUTLET PORT PORT ACCESS SLOTS To the of the QX-10, of the the back of the The to the outlet the CAUTION: DISCONNECT POWER BEFORE SERVICING. The round outlet where the attaches to the MONITOR PORT-, DIP SWITCHES
The switch the right of the around the from the It ON and OFF. the switch OFF the QX-10. the of the the QX-10 the back of the and the other grounded the top of the that the back of the facing The the of the brightness to this To the right of this the or where of the RECEPTACLE
The with These DIN The DIN the of the that to the back of the and the that nects to back of the TO MONITOR
the the the and the other the round the back of the MONITOR. the and around that theyre The and cord. Both of this the DIN each and thats to the of the the round the back of the to the Then the other the round the of the front of the the CABLE
PLUGGING IN KEYBOARD CABLE people to the QX-10 with the their and others to firm options there. You the of the the of the the corners the of the You these that the the the arrow PULL, and the This the its highest
Turn the right and try comfort. If the too try the each notch further to the that everything connected, and to QX-10! Dont that switch to these of thumb. Theyll while the switch ON. to the while the turning or while the light the QX-10 ON or OFF with the the with the least seconds switching OFF switching back ON. To the ON, the switch the To the OFF, the other of the switch.
Once the the light the top right of the front of the and the cooling hear You that of lights and off. This that QX-10 internal The light to the right of and the INSERT DISKETTE appears the (If other appears, Chapter Troubleshooting.) If the brightness the isnt the reach around to the back of the right of the the the Turning the clockwise creases the brightness; turning counterclockwise to the further, to the of booting, proceed! INERT DISKETTE
Booting Booting the to the of or the operating from the memory. and Cold Booting when the or when the RESET A. The RESET located the to the front of the which partially the operating initiated the instruction the operating A/Drive both and cold, from A, which the the choose to The of the the front of the includes the where the PUSH, and the IN-USE light. with of and the information that the QX-10 to operations-for the of the information the
to where the information created the software If or of things. Where the of of of text easily than Unfortunately, further, to about and records of recording as to to or of its as of thousands of areas. should only high-quality The reliability the or of though of them about purchase 40-track, soft-sectored It sounds mouthful, this the only of that tions properly with QX-10. the top of the that the right notch. this notch covered the write-protect that included the the information. That the information the protected from written If, the other hand, this notch exposed, write the Its that and properly. Dont thats
Theres to than to If might to than their You should of the preferably the as You of the as copy-from which to the as If QX-10 should of every professional of One of the to to each with of the At
the of each to the that and to the If Murphys If anything There of to might the causing that the write information the might to You might coffee or the causing to The to to the of right Dont Touch those to wear the of the that through the of the The with the their protective them their protective when theyre and them protective or other records, hate fingerprints, or coffee. On records, these things they Once Dont Force the that that or them. the coating, and there Another force the If easily, somethings There the and both of them.
of the that their magnetically, You the of the should that there of and around or office. from the of of as the Also, about everything that electricity typewriters (why of those?), and telephones (which often from them! Comfortable it to If the of the or the of northern If the insulated, and therefore The from to Choose the that to with and from the the
If QX-10 already ON, ON the ON/OFF switch the right of the the INSERT DISKETTE appears the the A, with the oval-shaped win- first and the facing the as as easily. Dont or force If to correctly, and try that when the the the hear click). Press the PUSH. whir, information appear the Dont while the IN-USE light If the reading the to the while writing the and possibly the that the reading or writing (when the IN-USE light off), the the PUSH and the Thats QX-10 and
If with of the informa- tion this as If, the other hand, to computers, what to the QX-10. and assured that fact, to back or the QX-10, and with the shown! The and the QX-10, facing that years would The Chip One of the reasons the that the brain-called microprocessor-is Its fact, that of to Con- of this integrated of the thousands of tions of second. through the and translated the or of other both and The the 780C, QX-10 to with and without and and of and bytes. The of and technical, as follows. QX-10 Chapter
of information. Physically, consists of switch that closed or the of or or off, and forth. The from the You would to wrestle with theory to to know that of bytes. of that tions as character or that the The 780C The of of to the to that the of the and another that the of the If then the to these bytes, them from their respective and with the of which then memory. Its through this of mathematical that the QX-10 its computing of the of bytes, and of the of within each the to from to reformatting of text QX-10 Memory the the QX-10 to the amount of information memory. On the other hand, facts, the that infor- mation as bytes. thousand and twenty-four QX-10 (256K). Although exactly to bytes; instance, 256K really bytes. The the to which of to the Computers
The QX-10 memory-which both written and read. Normally RAM when switched OFF, the QX-10 2K of CMOS RAM, which to when OFF the (More about CMOS RAM everyone who heard of heard the terms or associated with computers. What of instructions that to of such as or and or and complicated. The operating the that acts as the the the and the peripheral Without operating to the would to effectively. QX-10 CP/M or TPM-II operating TPM-II written CP/M. written TPM-II the CP/M operating The QX-10 QX-10 with of the HASCI HASCI (pronounced plications Interface. This to typewriter It found typewriter, they and easy to The the HASCI to with the as as other software The HASCI of four and four English and to
as when COPY DISK, the the information to another The DRAW charts, and The QX-10 high-resolution CRT, cathode The whats RAM memory. This that the memory bytes) to the This advanced allows characters and graphics, to
The character characters graphics the (Graphics displays of the graphics both characters and graphics, the other features. instance, every character to or increase light intensity. The and TV when such as and Other its typewriter-style and high-resolution art features. Several of these ROM The QX-10 8K of ROM, or read-only memory. This memory that and which instructions the ROM permanently the QX-10 OFF, the ROM and the switch the instance, every the ON, the the instructions to the INSERT DISKETTE the from the ROM. Direct Memory the QX-10 or memory simply, these the memory and used. as from to or from to the and back the without bothering the This operations considerably. 780C advanced software QX-10 with of QX-10 screen clear state-of-the- QX-10
One to to the QX-10. The RS-232C however, software selecting the tion from the SETUP CP/M or Devices such as and other connected to the The where connected (such as or While allows through (serially), through wires of than CMOS RAM Memory Another of the QX-10 its CMOS RAM memory. The CMOS complementary memory 2K and The internal that the CMOS RAM when ON. This allows the CMOS RAM to the 2K of memory when the turned OFF or The CMOS RAM with the OFF. Clock QX-10 clock that the CMOS technology. Instructions the clock Once the and QX-10 both accurately.
Light Interface Another interface light which or and the the or choosing option the Option Cards The QX-10 peripheral, or option cards. These boards that QX-10 to and features. might to or Chapter the of option cards. If this of information too right to the and of the QX-10 as The ease of operation and of the QX-10 what owning and this of
such as computer-to- telephone and thesizers connected to the QX-10 through (outlets) built the back of the to the switch, the back the right to the OFF Then the from the outlet and the around that the back facing further, the the that to to which necting to Devices Option Cards Chapter
There three the back of the light PRINTER), and RS-232C The RS-232C relays than the the choice LIGHT PEN PRINTER C PORT PORT PORT Checking the AU the back of the the of the the of the of the each type:
the Connector easily If the easily, the right and try Once the to that the If attaching the each of the to If the screws each of the Powering Follow the connecting everything to the switch the OFF Then the the You ready to the ON. Option Cards Option cards, that to increase the of QX-10. however, option internally. option with while others to directly with the or to with built-in with their outlets built to of the pop-out the back of the the the both types.
The option The option screwdriver. the switch OFF. Then the from the outlet and the around that the back facing WARNING: the QX-10 while the Option Cards Unscrew the screws each of the option The lift-off cover completely To and from There
the front the top as as off. the cover
Interior: The Option Card The of the option this: the Brace The It easily the screw the the screw and the You to the to or QX-10.
Selecting the Correct option cards, which they Occasionally, however, the option to option with their such as this, the with the fits of the the back of the with round the back of the while through pop-out If the option with round to Unpacking and the Option Card the option from its both the and the its The back- the and attached to the the or Touching of the (which the of the should or grease with the QX-10. though they to to the first. The should and the should the when facing the back of the the option with its the with the outlet the back of the The fits of the OPTION CARD
the Option Card the option the the front of the the notched the front Once the seated the to If the option smoothly and to straight the notched Removing Access If the its built-in the pop-out the back of the To this, the of four to them from the
off the selected while the neighboring with other hand. the back the With the the their the front of the then the cover. It should the screws the back to the cover of the
QX-10, to that the switch OFF. Then the the and the around that the front option tions, ready to QX-10. least seconds switching OFF switching back ON. to Option Cards Follow the earlier and the cover. Then to the option and the straight and of the notched to the (preferably with the and the the cover as previously. Then follow the and inform the QX-10 of what the operating as option
QX-10 well-constructed, internally and externally, to and Occasionally though, with the QX-10, things the to factors-maybe software or option. there the software. this chapter through the might them the of Procedure? If that the and through the treating right? If follow the instructions Chapter to of them, to to the of If from and from its with that trying to or to that the right type of 40-track, soft-sectored!) Also, to theres write-protect If there think This might might If copying or formatting and the right type, the might faulty. Chances that purchased that the another from the Troubleshooting Chapter
the correctly? If the first ably and back to the the (and the the troubleshooting somewhere else-the that of with than Booting exactly B; the only that the and the right. from A. software and that the A. to the RESET The to imperfections software. These that the people who wrote the couldnt foresee. You usually them trying slightly from that the of the something expecting:
to whether or this and successfully, then another the approach to from the the Turn off the and then re-boot software the and following the the expected If and the really approach from that the try the If the what expecting, found software firms to learn about and their software, should them what found. Also, of the software If QX-10 and isnt the the tight? they correct? the the front of the (Its to the the the of the then the the
DIP Switch There of DIP switches the back of the the and the software (such as might the DIP switches incorrectly, or the software might the as to which switch(es) should software the of the switches. to correctly, the switches as below when to graphic characters; this instructions). If and compatibly with software, and that (or the troubleshooting section of On the other hand, correctly that the or to the DIP switch
If option and the of expected, the following: the option correctly? follow the the option If to both these tions, to back to first and the to the Static? Static electricity might QX-10, causing both and CMOS memory to Static electricity rarely this to to QX-10, CMOS or memory. Battery CMOS with the QX-10 OFF. recharged each the QX-10. the clock might the and Dont to the yourself. QX-10 back to If wish, the CMOS RAM battery. (Least QX-10 One reason that the only the and nonmoving tion, QX-10 properly. Furthermore, each turn QX-10, Then, of four things
everything A-OK, reads: there abnormality somewhere, and to service hear and the with 3-character or hear the and the something with the (CPU), might or might the DIAGNOSTIC CODE and might or might hear the the light POWER the right front of the If the CPU WARNING: the the should trained QX-10 service This the the cover the that protects the option to to or option cards. WARNING: the while If cant yourself, or authorized service INSERT DISKETTE DIAGNOSTIC CODE DIAGNOSTIC CODE