This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to and reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following Cl or the receiving Increase the the and Cl the outlet from that to which the connected Cl The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS FOR CANADIAN USERS edict6 WARNING Ie Ie
This and EPSON
America or warranties, or implied, or with to anything this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information contained from the of the information contained this and to without of Corporation. of Portland, Inc. Other and of their respective Copyright Inc. California IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning; or cleaners. of the the or and the and the back or or cover these the or or heat the the type of indicated its If to the Germany, the following To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected to properly grounded (earthed) outlets. If to the to using outlets the as or that switch and off. Computers
allow the to become or If with the the of the of the the the rating the cord. Also, the of products the outlet of this through the as specifically this to service the yourself. servicing to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or B. If the C. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions. of other and often to the to operation. D. If the or the E. If the performance.
Instructions instructions conserver toute chariot, type protection On services tous instructions brancher tout marche-arret. fiche
branches branches reparation On service service service A. B. C. refuse instructions. instructions Tout tout reparations service. D. E. performance.
fast, high-performance offering flexibility and expandability It the following features: 486SX/33, 486DX2/50, or 486DX2/66 4MB of internal memory, to 128MB and BIOS RAM 8KB of internal LI Integrated VGA graphics with Chips and Microsoft Math built the 486DX2/50 and 486DX2/66 LI VGA tl built-in and built-in IBM PS/2 and (or ISA option Ct to three security. VirtualCache-the memory architecture which allows the to its memory as cache
and memory together performance. Incorporating the advanced architecture allows the CPU to directly with the memory, throughput from the memory to the Combined with the and graphics of the VGA this refresh rates that than VGA and to than that Additionally, of its memory as cache that 64KB or 128KB cache buffer-which typically with the first or memory command-your the RAM as cache the performance when memory-consuming graphics such as or CAD the built-in interfaces, peripheral directly to the to option You the option to with such as or interface VGA with MS-DOS VGA and with the integrated VGA interface. With these of VGA such as high and text when The with the to clear of to the the VGA instructions. Introduction
Optional You easily memory and of options, as below. instructions and of this Memory 1MB, 4MB, 16MB, or 64MB memory to the board, the computers memory to 128MB. to three internal including or CD-ROM expand, If the 486SX/33 This the internal clock VGA Interface If to high-resolution graphics graphics (such as to the VGA interface. This allows to the graphics features the while the VGA board. Introduction
to This This the information to the from You to everything this the following summary. covers operating procedures, such as the and off, and and the Chapter to and the cover, and optional such as option and memory Chapter to and Chapter instructions the formatting Chapter troubleshooting the of At the of this and Index. Please the instructions and the SETUP Introduction
This chapter the following operations: Turning the and off and the or the the AUTOEXEC.BAT and other batch
If basic information turning the and off, and commands, or the the first sections this chapter. If with these aspects of operating to to learn about operations to such as and the Turning On the turning the following to or yourself: or peripheral (including the or or when the the with protective 5.25-inch off or while light This the least seconds off the This to the the of Follow these to Turn the and other peripheral connected to the
If operating A. To the the located the right of the front as shown below. The lights seconds, the displays count of its memory, and then its This of the each to everything correctly. (If necessary, the to the If to the operating each the the operating to its memory. operating information.
If or to such as the to the first the completed its the following Press <DEL> to SETUP If match the information the CMOS RAM through the SETUP and to the to Then the SETUP to the information. Chapter of the instructions.) If to SETUP, the seconds, the the operating from the or the or the the the the operating What If to (such as Microsoft or the first or of that If the operating such as C further instructions. Press or A>.
Turning the Whenever off follow these and the light and the light(s) to they off the light the or from the Press the to off the and then off peripheral and The allow to and then and This section and to: of and and and Format
of coated with This that slightly (5.25-inch or (3.5-inch and It sealed protective to free of and the that and capacity. tracks, and sectors. Double-sided both On each tracks, which further sectors, which as The below of and sectors.
Double-sided, or each and high-density each or sectors track. consists of or top of another and four or than the of the of the The of sectors the type of the read/write heads to and To write to the to the the read/write head where the to written. where the read/write head magnetically, and as record, and of The following the four of and which to with them: LI 1.44MB 3.5-inch, high-density, TPI inch), 1.44MB These sectors track, and to 1.44MB of information (approximately of MB which 1024KB (or bytes). KB which bytes. Each character, such as A, or
1.2MB 5.25-inch, high-density, TPI, 1.2MB These sectors track, and to 1.2MB of information (approximately of tl 720KB 3.5-inch, TPI, 720KB These sectors track, and to 720KB of information (approximately of LI 360KB 5.25-inch, TPI, 360KB (You single-sided, 160KB or 180KB These and or sectors track. With sectors track, to 320KB. With sectors track, to 360KB of information (approximately of You Formatting this section. and If than type of or of to of the and of the type and 3.5-inch 5.25-inch or There that the as the The following the and
inch type from and write to 720KB 720KB 1.44MB 1.44MB. 720KB 5.25-inch type from and write to 360KB 1.2MB If write to this 1.2MB to or write to 360KB of the type and when (Usually this information appears the If to 720KB 1.44MB or 360KB 1.2MB include the command. operating instructions. If of the (1.44MB, 1.2MB, 720KB, or 360KB) and MS-DOS, from to another-using COPY or as the type each You these commands to and type of the MS-DOS DISKCOPY command to from to another the the type. about copying and MS-DOS or other operating 360KB. 320KB. 1.2MB, 180KB. 160KB 360KB. 320KB, 180KB, 160KB
and Follow these basic to and Cl off the Cl from the or or off the while the light This light that the copying to or from If this process, from and of or scratch the and the read/write heads If that to write or write-protect This operating and protecting Dont them the or or heat this the from such as those telephones, and information magnetically.) below,
LI top of or near or try to clean and the type and top of another; this to and the the top of and they 5.25-inch its protective and the the read/write The to the If to write that already the or their protective and location, such as or them top of each other.
Write-protecting You write-protect to its from write-protected, and from or On 3.5-inch the write-protect switch the back of the the right corner, shown below. To write-protect 3.5-inch the switch the of the clicks the corner. To the write protection, the switch the of the clicks and the covered. high-density 3.5-inch the This the write- protection. switch
To write-protect 5.25-inch cover the notch (shown below) with write-protect included of 5.25-inch To the write protection, off the write-protect switch or notch they permanently write-protected. This protects them from or o
and Removing To 3.5-inch the with the facing and the leading the as shown the following the the clicks to the the light off; then the release the and properly. release
To 5.25-inch with the facing and the read/write leading the the the the Then the to This the read/write heads to the 5.25-inch release instead of latch.) to first the light off. Then the and the its protective and location, such as read/write
operating the to least and and accordingly. MS-DOS, the first (the top as and as B. If MS-DOS as both and when to operations that normally would command to from to B, MS-DOS the from the first the (which would A) to the memory. Then MS-DOS to another B) and the from memory to the copying to the (A). often this to which which. It to write-protect Write-protecting If and the operating and from the and there, and the copying to or from only and to that to the operating as as the operating (the MS-DOS and the operating this to the memory (RAM) to the the Then the and to that memory, instructions.
Formatting Formatting the that the operating write You to this once, the the first You previously to This the the to of the operating instructions formatting It to of and (or of that such as operating Reference, and then only the the from Also, regularly, whenever them, and them from If to the and regularly. of or
to using the tl 120MB as as approximately 1.2MB or eighty-three 1.44MB and 240MB that amount. CI operations You and the the of to The easy to back and forth and easy to and to trying to of operating related together and they easy to and operating instructions and and the procedures operating to
the While the to back to or of and copying the to the the to them whenever them to or Curing Follow these to from and to CI turn off or the when the light This light that the copying to or from the If this process, Cl to the The sealed to from If to to the HDSIT to the as
the when operating or as the below. functions Works with other to character or the to the right and to the the from lower- to back to lowercase when The the top of the and the the of the affected, characters or the top the when with the character lowercase characters when the function Works with other to the back the character to the of the of input or command. the function and off, the character the location. the or operation, the function of the from to positioning the --I
functions within The the once to function and to off. the function the light the right of the Command or You to or while If MS-DOS or that to try of the following: the tl the If these to the as below. off the to or command the Prints the the function with the with and and and the operation. I=] as
the Occasionally, to clear the or its memory without turning it off. You this the and the to to operating and However, memory that only necessary. the to classify and when them the If the without properly exiting To the the operating the or A; the A. If MS-DOS, B. The and then the should operating If the the to off and from the Turn off the and seconds. If the A. Then turn the and and
If when the SETUP turn or the Follow these to If A. Turn or the You and the The when type character, the the characters type. Then You three to the The that appears the the third incorrect try, the displays the and the and to the If know the type the correctly and character appears. Then the the operating and displays the
If turned when the SETUP to to as Network To follow these If A. Turn or the At the and the to and to to ABC, type: The what type. characters the or The distinguish characters that with the and those that to the or to the Press character appears and then the the operating 123/AX such as
You using the SETUP Chapter of the instructions. To follow these If A. Turn or the At the followed type: Press The or the and the operating immediately. You the SETUP Chapter of the instructions. If know the Chapter character appears and then the the operating
as Network the and the other connected to It write to and from the other computers, the the commands the the commands to from other computers. If as the to unauthorized from commands the To this security, the SETUP If the the the operating or the software. Once commands the and operating or software the This allows other the network to the unauthorized users from commands and the the as would turned off. The to from knowing that required.
You to to as helpful. the Chapter of the instructions the and network Then the section to Network or the operating or network software from and the or the first displayed software. If from A, however, the the operating or software. Follow the instructions to this Follow these to Turn or You the and should to Press such as to the command. If incorrect the respond. the B, and the though the to the what type. The
You or as to You SETUP to or Chapter of the instructions. the high or High the highest which of such as or to with You the to which switches from high to when operating high the SPEED light the front the operating the You should high everything and the software to this the
copy-protected the to while the These usually to disk-the that the protection-in the If copy-protected to to to when the and to high when finished. the type of copy-protected or to the to Follow these LI If copy-protected that or that to the high If this to the to automatically. If cant the high, the to automatically. LI If copy-protected that to the to while the Then the to high while and the There three to the LI the SETUP command LI the ESPEED If this and the and then to high to the to automatically. Computer
If that or SETUP to the using SETUP. Chapter of the instructions. If these only occasionally, should the commands or the ESPEED below) to the These the SETUP Commands You the temporarily from You these commands only the Software option the SETUP the If this option the commands. The commands the below. commands commands High To these commands, the and then the the (high access) and the or
You the commands while the of these commands another function, to the that the [T] to the [TJ to the to Another to the ESPEED below. The the following: Turn off the tl using the SETUP with another command LI ESPEED. the ESPEED ESPEED easy to the the commands or to include the batch The ESPEED the Reference If the ESPEED.EXE from Reference (preferably the directory) and the from there. If Reference and the to the Press [F] [F]
To ESPEED, type the following the MS-DOS and ESPEED You the following These the switches should to the to high, or At the MS-DOS type the ESPEED and include the switch, such as the following: ESPEED /A (This the to to when the If include the switch when type the ESPEED command, the the without the options. The or off the or with [F) ESPEED[/H][/L][/A] /High High
the ESPEED batch You to the ESPEED including the command batch SLOWDOWN which You include the following commands batch to the SLOWDOWN You the batch SLOW.BAT. to the SLOWDOWN type SLOW and The the to and the the If to to location, to the HDSIT Reference to the the HDSIT (or the read/write heads to the that and them securely This protects the from the including their heads when off the If this, or that to HDSIT. If already the HDSIT.COM and HDSIT.VER from the Reference to the directory Then, when to HDSIT, type HDSIT and ESPEED /A SLOWDOWN I.
You the that the read/write heads the or the off and The then the heads and the and off the to the location. Whether HDSIT or off and least seconds This allows read/write heads to from the to location. If this AUTOEXEC. BAT and Other Batch If using MS-DOS to that there commands to frequently. You the of these commands them batch type the of the batch and MS-DOS the commands the as typed each from the If that as text-only ASCII to batch You the MS-DOS COPY, EDIT, or EDLIN command, or text to the One that AUTOEXEC.BAT. Every MS-DOS the AUTOEXEC.BAT and each of the commands the
MS-DOS, AUTOEXEC.BAT which or as to the AUTOEXEC.BAT and the directory of the or from which MS-DOS. (You to to AUTOEXEC.OLD, to MS-DOS information about creating and using batch
and Removing You the performance of optional such as memory option cards, or Memory memory modules)-allow to increase the amount of memory option board to function, such as or interface. CPU which the of the and includes built-in math If the 486SX/33 the CPU board with to this increased performance. (Alternatively, the 486SX/33 CPU with 487SX/33 to math and Removing
to This Chapter This chapter to the following: the cover the board (and memory option option the option (to the board) the option (CPU) the VGA interface the cover. Follow the the first section to the cover, and then to the section the finish, the instructions the of the chapter to the cover. and
Locating the follow the instructions this chapter, to the following to the option J15-J9 SIMM SIMM I,, and Removing
the You to the cover to of the options this chapter or to or (as Follow these Turn off the and then peripheral (including the and the from the and from the back that connected to the including the and If the top of the off and to Turn the around the back facing the three screws the back as shown below. and
Turn the around that the front facing the of the cover and straight reaches the front of the Then off as shown below. the cover to the touching the of the back WARNING to ground touching the back of the the cover. If properly grounded, shock when and
the that of the The the factory; however, the following functions the the type tl or the built-in VGA or the built-in LI or or other option Cl the to or LI or the function. If to or to the follow the instructions this section. The following the and their CPU type CPU type J5 J6 J7 J8 486$X/33 ODP486-33 or You to J5 through J8 to the existing to the New Chip information. and Removing 487SX/33
Other J12 Factory If to connected to the option to J9 and J12. If another type of the option such as both Function J9 the built-in A the built-in connected to option the built-in VGA the built-in option as A or other option the or B J13 the the B J14 A J15 and
the If to follow these to the to the the board. If there option to them to the instructions. If the option instructions. where the the It and the A) or and the B), as shown below. To from to the other, or to off its and to the to the or surrounding the board. and Removing
If the option board, instructions. option instructions. Memory with 4MB of memory the board. memory memory increase the amount of memory to 128MB. There SIMM the board, and each memory You with capacity of 1MB, 4MB, 16MB, or 64MB. the following to choose that properly: that of or the the Cl the SIMM to the amount of memory the the Although SIMM that with industry to SIMM option to and compatibility. The following shows the SIMM memory other that there 4MB of memory the board. and
SIMM memory SIMM With this memory the 4MB of memory and
Follow these to to the to the SIMM the front of the option that to the SIMM instructions. first SIMM the SIMM the the SIMM the of the as shown below. and Removing
the SIMM the seated the Then upright, as shown below, the each of the SIMM the each of the SIMM If smoothly, force the and and the SIMM. option instructions. The turn the SETUP its information with the memory. of the instructions. and
SIMMS If to from (to ones, follow the below. option that to the SIMM instructions. If the from SIMM first. or screwdrivers to the that the SIMM each If necessary, follow the to the other SIMM. the the SIMM to the from the and
option instructions. The the SETUP its memory Option Card This section to option four option to to four or option cards. Usually which option as as the fits the follow these when which to Cl If that the of the option If the of the to the board, the the when the cover. If high-resolution graphics follow the instructions below to the then the VGA Interface to the to the VGA and
option to the board. interface to the of J9 and J12. If to J10 or J11. Follow these to option If this the first the option to the that the back the screw the option cover to the the screw to the option to the option cover and Removing
the cover and the cover the option Unpack the option and switches or necessary. the option instructions.) the to of the the board or the If to top of its with the facing the the the the top corners and the as shown below. If the front of the the the front and Removing
the of the to the with the screw. If high-resolution graphics the VGA Interface, further instructions. Once the reach the the carefully) to You should the If smoothly, force the the and and
Removing Option Card You to option to the board-to You to Follow these the screw the option to the Then the straight of the the with the facing ready to the option instructions. and
Removing the Option Card Connector You to the option to the board, such as or the Follow these option cards. the instructions the screw the the option to the supply. the straight and of its and and
the Option Card Connector If the option to follow these to the board its as shown below, and then straight the to the with its screw. option instructions. and Removing
New Chip If the 486SX/33 performance (ODP486DX-33) or 487SX/33 with built-in math Complete instructions the the that with Please follow those instructions with the following Although the instructs to the from the this necessary. You the while the the the cover. to the to the the board. If this empty, the directly the If this the CPU however, to the If to the existing the the of the to release the and then (This the to the to the the the to the the Cl If the CPU to or 487SX/33 to the of J5 through J8. the and the cover, the SETUP its Chapter of the instructions. (You the and the to and
the VGA Interface includes VGA interface the board. This allows to high-resolution graphics of the option and the VGA Typically, high-resolution graphics increase the graphics performance of VGA and of or They high-end graphics such as or To the graphics interface to the VGA interface board, VGA Follow these If already follow the instructions Option Card) to the graphics and Removing
of the to the VGA interface the the back as shown below. the the to the the other of the to the interface the graphics instructions.) and Removing
the ready to the cover, follow these Facing the front of the the cover the its the both of the as shown below. the cover and straight back the farther. and Removing
the three cover screws, as shown below. the to the and other peripheral Then the to the back of the and to Post-installation Procedures or options such as memory or option SETUP to the Chapter of the instructions. Additionally, to commands to operating and the that with optional instructions. You to newly-installed option. options with their and the Reference to the memory, and and Chapter instructions. and
and The instructions this chapter to and optional You these instructions to of including CD-ROM or Although from the should to the If or of the this chapter apply; the that with information. and
to three There and The the that with If with only of of the following the CD-ROM or other 3M-inch-wide with mounting attached to and II- back
already the If this It to first the If or the to This To or first the cover as Then the below to the instructions should follow this chapter. To or other or other from from the or the cover as Then Post-installation Procedures to the Jumpers and
the that the to properly with the The the whether or If purchased with these correctly If to the the that with the then follow the instructions below. If the both to which the (primary) and which the (secondary) the which the operating that the its memory each You and both the and the operating the Where to Next To the the section. To the and
the It to first the as this section. the following tl Removing the mounting from the necessary) the the Connecting the to the the instructions, and Removing
the Mounting mounting attached to as shown below. You to these the the and Removing mounting
Follow these to the mounting On there and grounding plate attached to of the mounting If the screws them to the mounting as shown below, and the and grounding grounding plate Then the screws each mounting to the and the as shown below. and
the To the first to to the mounting the Follow these the screw the mounting to the and Then the mounting plate the of the arrow, and mounting and
Turn the the and the Then the mounting plate the and the four the plate with the four the as shown below. the four screws that with the (or with to the mounting plate to the The the mounting plate should the of the of the and
the the mounting the (with the the top) and the the back of the as shown below. The the of the mounting should the the and Removing
the the the the the of the arrow, the the with the top of the the mounting plate with the screw, as shown and
Connecting the To the to the to the and supply Follow the below. If first to the to the Follow the instructions and then The should connected to the board. the free the of this (If there the the attached to that Notice the the of the this with the notch the as shown the following and Removing the
the the the the then the and Removing supply
of the supply that from the supply the The supply the of the supply. If the to free the The PA, PB, PC, and PD; that free. (If supply PD.) the supply that its notched corners with the notched corners of the supply the the the and then the If the correctly, when and Removing
From the Follow these to from the the and supply from the back of the as shown below. the and them straight from the the the the and Removing
the screw the and mounting plate to the Then the and mounting the of the arrow, shown below, and them of the the four screws the mounting to the You the mounting and its screw or the and with the screw. the its and with the four screws. If the from the and as and
If and another the to the the to that the the that with the This section to Although the or the these instructions to the the following Attaching the mounting to necessary) the Cl Connecting the If first to the as to the the instructions, and
the type of to mounting to it Follow these If to the If that factor, mounting attached to fits properly the Follow the the section. If that already mounting and grounding plate attached to If follow to the and grounding Then to the and 3M-inch
Attaching Mounting to To mounting to follow these the mounting and four screws that with the shown below, mounting top of of the and that the the the of the the Then the mounting to the with the screws. to mounting to the other of the mounting and
the Follow these to the the and screws that with the the screw to each of the (or each mounting attached), as shown below. The the should the of the of the and Removing mounting
If the the screws the cover to the front of the and the cover. and the screws to these If 5.25-inch that the release the If 3.5-inch that the release the right and the light the If that the and to and
To the each of the with the notches each of the and the the as as as shown below. the to the with the screws. notch and
If the to the the front because covers this the screws the to the of the cover and the as shown below. the and screws to Then to Connecting the and
To the each of the with the notches each of the and the the the as shown below. the to the with the screws. notch Connecting the To the to the to and supply The below to these to the If follow and then to If with and
the One of the connected to the board. If the the other of the connected to the top the If the the free The that from the back of the both the and with the that the (the the with the the as shown below. the fits properly the and Then to If the correctly, when and
the If of the connected to the board and the other connected to the first the the free to the as below. If first to the to the Follow the instructions and then the to the as below. Notice the the of the this with the notch the as shown below. and notch supply
of the supply that from the the The supply the of the supply. If the to the correctly, the the the to the supply the as shown the the the the then the The PA, PB, PC, and PD; that free. (If supply PD.) and Removing
the supply that its notched corners with the notched corners of the supply as shown below. the the and then the If the correctly, when and notched corners notched corners
Removing From This section to from Although the or the these instructions to from the Follow these to from the and supply from the back of the as shown below. the and them straight from the the the the and
the screws the to the Then the front of the and completely of the and Removing
If the empty, the cover and screws, as shown below. If the with another the and screws from the and them to the other as the its and If the from the board and as If and another the to the the to that the that with the the and
If from the and this or to the front to cover the the to the of the with the screws, as shown below. and Removing
Connecting the Ribbon to the Follow these to the to the board: the the board. shown below, to the the option board and the supply. (The from the clarity.) option board and Removing
the that with the It with three each and the as shown below. Select the the of the of the Notice the the of the this with the notch the board as shown below. (The option board and from the clarity.) and
the the the the then the If the option board and them To the the the with the notch the board the the the the and the Then the option board as You to the first the option board and To the option board, To the the and straight from the board the the and Removing
Post-installation Procedures or and the cover, follow the below to properly: the SETUP to of Chapter of the instructions. If (which to to SETUP to the built-in IDE You to the already the that with the to already If Chapter instructions. If to to operating from to the the that with operating instructions. You to newly-installed Chapter instructions the Reference to and
Chapter You the following using CI tl memory tl Cl tl Cl printer(s). the of the each The the and the to or this to this youselect
Starting the Follow these to the the Reference and or the At the A: type DIAG and You the top of the with Items highlighted. Press You of the the to the correct. If the correct, I. the SETUP to properly. of the instructions.) Then the correct, each If to from the You to the the from the Reference to This clears terminate-and- (TSR) or other from memory and frees the I-) to and
To from the Items Detected the them, follow these Press Press finished to Tests. You the such as the following: Memory or Ir] to highlight the to and The from the You as as and Testson It] to
If to to the Items Detected follow these Press such as the following: The the that the as You that from the to to them. Press Ir) to highlight the to and The from the and to the You as as finished and the section. CtoselectAdd Tests. Youseethe LPT3 LPT2 or COM2 COM3 LPTP to
Follow these to from the Press Press If to the once, To the than once, type the of and If there the testing immediately. If there than the such as the following: or to You the such as the following: Memory or to highlight the to and You the How often to HARD DISK DRIVE(S) AND CONTROLLER CHECK MENU Read,
or type the of the option to highlight and then If selected to the than once, The immediately that the completed, the or the You another or the To You to the operating command From If from information Follow the instructions the to the If the and appears. Follow the instructions the to the or to without of the the the the of this chapter. or to to and
The below the the operation of built-in math memory and displays Memory memory count the operation of the selected Drive(s) Drive(s) or Port(s) COM2, COM3, or COM4 Port(s) LPT2, or LPT3 or LPT2 the of the selected and the the operation of the selected Read, the selected loop-back the selected loop-back
(continued) Attribute Character Graphics The the to back or this The following the that appear testing. CPU ROM counter counter Refresh DMA DMA Refresh timeout write CMOS CMOS shutdown CPU instruction the operation of the built-in VGA the operation of each
board Memory CMOS Protect Protect Memory Parity field subtraction high Timeout
Chapter This chapter to low-level (or physically) This should confused with the operating The physical formatting of that the factory the If with factory-installed or optional IDE already physically IDE You to the this chapter to physically that the low-level and with its If that with its own that to the Physically formatting to back If whether formatting necessary, Servicer or the to the the formatting and formatting the operating physically or to logically the operating
the Follow these to the formatting the Reference and A. HDFMTALL and You the Format The option choose whether formatting or reformatting The options as follows: the the Formatting Format Format first the and which to as Then it the and the they to read/write or and the track this option writes and reads the that You this that without You this that
New To that the Format option. You to the track to when the with of tracks, the the Other (such as with the already Reformatting Used To follow these the option to tracks. If the back to the option to the the Format option to the Selecting Option this often to option from There to this: the arrow the of the option and You option that appears the highlight the option and CT], Formatting to
Selecting If than this Select the first or the Then the instructions below the Format option to Option Format If Format from the Format the following with Format Scan to information? (Y/N) (If the already this to tracks.) Select to the or to the process. If the the and displays these the process: the the the such as the following: Scanning tracks... Head Scanning finished. Count of Count of with other Count of R:
Next the following Next this recommended sectors (Y/N) to the recommended sector the factor) of this allows to efficiently. other to this the that with the To the Then to To N. You the following sectors the recommended which the sector the Then recommended sectors head (Y/N) the recommended of another type of the recommended the the To the Then to Formatting
To N. You the following the recommended which the sector the The sector the type. Then The allows to the At the of the this Select to the as Then the section and to Formatting the To to the the section. the Defective If to the the following options the of the Defective Track to with track, C track, Formatting sectors head (O-16): (Y/N) track,
To track, follow these Press the of the containing the and the head the and entry, appears the and the track, necessary. If the to the incorrect track and [DJ to the track from the the the as track. The and head and to the of the If or head of the of appears and the to the the tracks, C without Then the the track the correct, IF]. The displays about the of proceeding with formatting, as the section. You this You this head (To the operation, to the track or without Formatting
Formatting the ready to the the following warning: WARNING! ALL DATA WILL BE DESTROYED IN ALL PARTITIONS OF HARD DISK, NOT JUST IN MS-DOS PARTITION! to formatting (Y/N) If to the N. If the chance to DOUBLE CHECK THAT YOU HAVE BACKUP DISKETTE COPIES OF ALL YOUR FILES. to and (Y/N) Select to formatting or to If with Format started. Head You the head and as the formatting the and of these: Format finished. tracks... Format completed. Press ENTER to to the Press to to the Format head
Option You of to and them, they The writes, reads, and information every track, those that already as If this the that caused the If think that track causing first the to the To this from the Format You these the each track, the to the the including of that write, as the following: Read/Save/Write/Read/Restore/Read o finished. Count of Count of with write, Count of write, detected. Press ENTER to to the Formatting
If the track, the this: Read Tracks Head Head Head Head Confirm to the the Track as tracks. to the as tracks? (Y/N) To these as You of the as they the to to the Option The and to the of this To the from the Format You these tracks... Formatting
the each track, the to the the the of the such as the following: If the the displays of the that the Then this the information displayed. Then to to the Format Exiting the To the Format You the operating command If the or the option, with operating operating instructions. finished. Count of Count of with read, Count of read, detected. Press ENTER to to the Formatting
Chapter Troubleshooting You should as and of the ordinary to this chapter. You repeating software or the trying the this chapter, the of Chapter instructions. If the or the Authorized Servicer or the technical ready to the of its ROM BIOS its (including the type of and option cards), and the and of software You recorded this information the This First that with If the its back If to follow the below to information about as as ROM BIOS and MS-DOS (or other operating Turn Troubleshooting
the its memory the of VGA BIOS and BIOS appear the top of the write the numbers. If enough to this, Press <F2> to the information shown the SETUP then SETUP without Chapter of the instructions.) If MS-DOS, the type VER and The displays the MS-DOS (If another operating the that with instructions the built-in memory (ROM) of which every These internal such as ROM, RAM, the the and the The RAM displays the amount of memory currently If the displays the If the serious, this the and Troubleshooting and I. to
If the serious, the further and The the and the If this Authorized Servicer as as when technical The following the that appear If the below; to the troubleshooting section this chapter or offers If the section that covers board Primary/secondary input NMI clock options options and Memory I/O Action Authorized Servicer SETUP; Chapter of the Troubleshooting
RAM and Memory and Troubleshooting Action BIOS RAM options Memory RAM memory Memory or or CRT CRT Servicer SETUP: Chapter of the Servicer or
and The Wont If when the the following: the light If and turn off the the securely connected to both the AC the back and operating or Reference necessary, and the Action Troubleshooting
If off the least seconds turning This to the If the light the outlet Turn off the cord, and the Turn to the If or of such as to reconnected the and correctly. and instructions. If the and the Servicer. If the cant the The Not If and when type the follow these operations than others to the to than to the If reasonable of to the Troubleshooting
If to its The first such change, to its what If the the operating off the seconds, and If that off the operating or Reference and the If Servicer. the below. Could software causing the If Software this chapter. The caused this chapter. If to whatever the and to the MS-DOS the If respond, If the off the and least seconds. If operating A; then the It should the operating and Chapter information or the YourComputer Chapter information. (or [F] command. Troubleshooting
If (and it to the the board), J10 to the built-in VGA the You to the of J11. the Chapter If its thermal detected operating and the This protects from these high they off the DC outputs the supply and to latch-offstate. This the supply, the Restoring the Supply below. Restoring the To supply operation, follow these Turn off the and off least seconds to the supply To the of the high and the the following: LI 95F (35C). If this the the to Cl supply there around the supply the back and of the the cover and both and the there around Troubleshooting
the causing the overheating, allow the to cool least (about If the cover, Chapter instructions.) Then the If the supply off Authorized Servicer. If using the following: If think know the the and Chapter instructions. If when the information, as Network Chapter If know the to or instructions. If know the and the section. of the supply the to the option option the option card(s). F or 25C). This the thermal Troubleshooting
Accessing If follow these to Turn off the Follow the instructions the Chapter to the function J13 to A. Turn the Press You the SETUP If to to If to to To highlight and Then the and Chapter of the information about to To highlight security and the to Not Chapter of the information.) as SETUP. Chapter of the instructions.) Turn off the Follow the instructions the Chapter to the function J13 to B. Troubleshooting You the <F2> to SETUP, Then &I or to
If operating A. Turn the If with the the following: If the displays when or the the securely to the Connecting the Chapter of the instructions. If nothing when type the The Not Respond, If the properly, the function the the as numbers. If the light the right of the If with the the Chapter If the Authorized Servicer. If security, the and immediately. If the (If this as Chapter to off the function. If to the of the function, the Chapter of the (M). Troubleshooting
the following: If there the that the switch and that its light If the light the the brightness and If the switch the light off the seconds, and turn it back to the displays If the to the securely. Connecting Chapter of the or instructions. If the light the outlet Turn off and from the Then the outlet and to the outlet If and match. to the switches or properly. Connecting Chapter of the and and instructions. If to the the type of and the and software. Troubleshooting
If (and to the the board), J10 to the built-in VGA or anything the You to the of J11. the Chapter instructions. If with the Chapter If the the who the If or the following You the or the the from the and If the latch, to to the the instructions and If the the and to another of the type, the the other and the operation. If the the below. If that graphics the Troubleshooting
to the right type of trying to 1.44MB 720KB of Drives Chapter information. If the right type write-protected. On 3.5-inch the write-protect switch to the write-protect or there switch. On 5.25-inch there write-protect the notch its or there You write-protected function properly the write-protected. the Chapter information. the formatted? operating instructions formatting of the following MS-DOS If of these the properly the If the try the and If the copying the from the to Troubleshooting Abort, Retry? reading writing
If there something with the the operating or updated the information the incorrectly. This the of these If or with follow these If with that that about the If the yourself, follow the Chapter the instructions and the to the correctly. the SETUP to the type of as of of the instructions.) the Chapter If the Servicer. of Cl includes of other CI expected If MS-DOS CHKDSK to the repairs; MS-DOS instructions. You software to Troubleshooting
If the or further examination of Authorized Servicer. If with the of installation, or of the following the Cl the LI the tl Accessing the the the Accessing the If to back reformatting or repartitioning the Troubleshooting
the If with newly-installed the following: If the that about the If the follow the instructions Chapter the instructions, the and the If IDE SETUP to to selected the type and that the built-in IDE (If connected the IDE to option the built-in to Disabled.) Chapter of the instructions. If physically the physically (or initialized) and operating This type of the yourself. If the with its that follow the instructions Chapter that physical from the software- based type of formatting commands (such as the MS-DOS SELECT or FORMAT commands). the below, information. Troubleshooting
the (which already physically the following to the SETUP to as of the of the instructions.) and the operating If MS-DOS, instructions these procedures MS-DOS If using another operating follow the instructions that with If the correctly, the the and MS-DOS (or another operating the operating to the to the operating from the If the properly and as the the instructions operating each the correctly Accessing the If using and reduction performance, the the become You to back and then compaction to the Troubleshooting
If with back and physically the Then to the operating and back the Chapter and operating instructions. If or read/write the physical You the Chapter If the Authorized Servicer. Software If with the following: If the that following the the and that correctly. If and the directory that or specifying the directory. If the A. high, or While properly the the software to this the and the necessary. the Chapter instructions and information copy-protected Troubleshooting
If MS-DOS command that to there to the command. These the to commands. If when type the Follow the instructions Chapter If the off seconds, and back Then If of these software the software technical Below to follow with If the and information, You with the to which connected. If the the Troubleshooting and and
If that the and properly connected to the (Also, Chapter of the or instructions. the the DIP switch or These properly with the If using than or than the know which the and which the secondary Chapter of the instructions to the and the SETUP If properly functioning, from the MS-DOS the displays the MS-DOS command (such as C> or (such as properly they to what required. If using that the instructions. instructions with and This should the of the If to the internal of the (or To this, the MS-DOS MODE or SETMODE command. and MS-DOS A>), Troubleshooting
the or the You Chapter these tests. Option Card If option and function properly, the following: the option correctly? well-seated its the Chapter and the instructions that with the the DIP switches or the option the instructions. the the board? Chapter information. the SETUP to the Chapter of the If the option to to the to the to the the procedures the software with the option option or software instructions. Troubleshooting
If with or the following: the securely connected to the and the of the instructions. If option to J9 to the built-in and J12 to the the Chapter instructions. the correctly, necessary? software and the that with instructions. (If using already automatically.) Memory If memory to and that memory operating properly, the following: If the memory count the incorrect, the correctly. They the type of SIMM or they the Memory Chapter and the instructions. Troubleshooting
to the SETUP or memory to memory Chapter of the instructions. If with write that appear and Authorized Servicer. Troubleshooting
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU 4SX/33: with optional 487SX/33 or ODP486-33 High, and high or switches from high to access; selection through SETUP, command, or ESPEED memory high Memory ROM 4DX2/50: 4DX2/66: 4MB RAM board; using 1MB, 4MB, 16MB, or 64MB to 128MB type with (or 128KB ROM containing BIOS and BIOS; 64KB ROM containing SETUP Specifications
RAM 1MB VRAM board RAM of and VGA BIOS ROM RAM; RAM through SETUP cache Math Clock/ Specifications A-2 8KB of internal cache (built the cache testing and through SETUP cache the of memory On 4DX2/50 and 4DX2/66 math built the clock, and CMOS RAM board; Chips and VGA board; to to or and Interface to IDE with built-in
Interfaces PS/2 interface built board; and through SETUP; DIN PS/2 interface built board; DIN Option (or I/O ISA operation through SETUP and software VGA IBM VGA pass-through interface built board; VGA interface built board or VGA One or interface built board; assignment and I/O through SETUP; D-shell RS-232C, interfaces built board; assignments and I/O through SETUP; Specifications A-3
Three mount and mounts) using the following: 5.25-inch 1.2MB (high-density) Other Half-height CD-ROM, or other two-position height; or typewriter function A-4 Specifications 3.5-inch 1.44MB (high-density) 5.25-inch 360KB 3.5-inch 720KB 3M-inch factor to half-height the first mounted vertically, mounted 3%inch with mounting or
Physical Characteristics Height Option each four Amps inches inches inches without fan-cooled, switch to VAC and to VAC VDC VDC Amps, VDC Amps, VDC Amps to and 7Amps 1.5Amps Amps 3Amps Amps Specifications A-5
Condition Non-operating to to to condensing) Acoustical Specifications 41to (!Y to 3PC) to to 104F (20C) to C-20 to 6OC) to to C-100 to (40C) N/A to to to 134OF 57X) N/A
Source AC North America 125V. 10A 24OV, OA to 16A UK 24OV. OA ASTA IEC HD 24OV, OA North America ANSI 24OV. 15A C73.20, NEMA 15-P. IEC UL Reference ANSI C73.11, UL/CSA Listed, NEMA 5-15-P. SIT, IEC 18/3AWG, or 16/3AWG, or CHAR> Reference CEE CHAR> IEC IEC HD21 .OO OA BS BS 1363A IEC IEC HD EN CHAR> .OO 3OOV, <HAR> .OO 300V. UL/CSA SJT 18/3AW 3OOV. OA Specifications A-7 10A 10A G,
Memory or RAM: MB 1MB VGA BIOS ROM RAM: 32KB OOOC8000h VGA BIOS ROM VGA text OOOB8000h 640KB of these to the VGA BIOS ROM. The using SETUP. A-8 Specifications ROM memory BIOS ROM RAM: 64KB VGA text VGA graphics: 64KB memory: 640KB Not RAM:32KB 128MB --I
VGA type NI 6A/70 These NI Non-interlaced Interlaced Refresh NI NI 512KB of memory VGA memory). NI NI NI NI NI Specifications A-9
NI Interlaced A-10 Specifications C o o Refresh 32K 64K 32K 64K type NI NI NI NI NI NI NI
Access The of information such as memory or to of another the of or that the location where information memory. that to, or acts such as VGA the and of or shades. Application software to such as or creating spreadsheets. that than operating which the and software. ASCII American Information characters, such as numbers, and graphic of the ASCII of computers, and ASCII ASCII and software to them.
Asynchronous of which character to another that to to such as clock. AUTOEXEC.BAT The batch whenever MS-DOS. It the and Batch The that allows the to switch from high to when Copy-protected and of or that created or memory Batch type of that of commands automatically. Batch text with the .BAT. type the operating the commands that sequentially.
BIOS ROM (Read Memory) that the of information and the and operating and other software. or The of information and The of through or that or The to its and then the operating its memory. or of wires that information from to the The of increases the and of the the to of of that character. and Character. high-speed type of memory that where includes 8KB of internal cache as as VirtualCache.
CGA Graphics type of that to of text with characters each two-color graphics or graphics Character that the or the includes numbers, formatting and graphic that to the of Chip of containing and wrapped Chips to them and then the to the CPU CMOS Complementary type of RAM and switching that backed battery. of or instructions; software or of Command instruction or to to function.
Command The or that displays the to that the operating and ready to instructions. The MSDOS command displays the and directory. If C, the this: C The of internal and typical consists of with amount of memory, and connected to and when and another the that instructs the to function. memory The memory the below 1MB that to MS-DOS and programs-usually 640KB. memory or memory. Math Copy-protected containing software that it from copied. of these to the the while and
CPU Processing Unit. The that instructions, the of and input and operations. Microprocessor. The highlighted or that shows the which appear when typed or where the executed. The of that read/write head. The of to the of the of heads. Information, such as text or graphics, or which (as to or choice that the or when the user specify temporarily the or the
of that of and such as or containing instructions that allow to and with The or other type of and DIP switch switch. or switch that function. Directory of directory shows the location, and of the the directory. directory both and The and the which the magnetically. The that reads from and writes to or other its while sealed protective
of coated with to the written to the from to another. board that of the option to the displays text and graphics. VGA built board. DOS The the operating software that and its input and MS-DOS and type of that allows to as as the 5.25-inch, 360KB of 3.5-inch, 720KB of The of colon-for C EGA Enhanced Graphics type of that allows to high-resolution graphics EGA It to of text with characters each or or graphics to
Expanded memory Memory that specially-written MS-DOS when expanded memory that memory LIM EMS memory Memory 1MB that or when they operating protected or This memory to OS/2 to MS-DOS memory Expanded memory and OS/2. of to three characters which to to its or when using the of information records, or together Text of and of and to and commands. assigned to that distinguishes from other directory MS-DOS to characters and of numbers, and
Format To (or to that the operating and sectors and locations where operating Graphics or such as and graphics the to containing or to amounts of It and than physical of such as board, or CPU. base-16 to the the and consisting of the through and the through F. usually the (or to them from numbers.
High-density type of that allows to than or 5.25-inch, high-density 1.2MB of 3.5-inch, high-density IDE Integrated type of interface which the located the instead of includes interface the to IDE Input/output (I/O) physical or software to or they with each other. that board. to the operation of function. containing copy-protected that while the Copy-protected 1.44MB of
(K6) to memory or One bytes. LIM EMS of the Lotus/Intel/Microsoft Expanded Memory Specification-a of that expanded memory. Expanded memory. The containing the and to Math that the to mathematical using instead of whole numbers. This math and graphics operations that this type of MCGA Graphics type of that graphics (CGA). MCGA and CGA. MDA type of that displays text such as or
(MB) to memory or One 1024KB to such as that of computers internal clock. second. Memory The that Memory permanently ROM) or temporarily RAM). Memory that surface-mounted memory chips. You memory to the board to memory. Commonly SIMM memory MGA Graphics type of that text and graphics the CPU CPU.
that allows to to and from another telephone The that the and displays that displays only (such as white, or as to which with or buttons. the the the the Pressing (or clicking) selects the item the the MS-DOS Microsoft The operating commonly with MS-DOS based, operating DOS, OS/2, and that input and of command-
The of and operating to than or The actually the they assigned and the OS/2 and UNIX. Network The which to the of the workstations). The and other to the workstations. optional that security as The and together the right of the The operation of the the the The which the commands, usually such as
of that operations, such as input, and reading and writing to The operating (such as MS-DOS, OS/2, or UNIX) the foundation the other and the of the Option the to such as or I/O Option directly the option to to OS/2 The operating Microsoft and IBM that protected and DOS, MS-DOS, and The type of interface that the of wires Interface and to that operating what to process, where should or or should Switch.
Parity to the of the of the of of parity), parity), or parity). The operating that as though physically to areas. You and or The of characters type or the to and to the operations Pathname The directory specify to the the SALES, the subdirectory BUSINESS, \BUSINESS\SALES. Peripheral (such as or connected to that the its operation. physical input/output to which peripheral
ROM that the to its internal circuitry, and operating each or containing instructions that the what to and to Prompt displayed the operating or to information from or what action to Command RAM Access Memory. The of the memory to and while RAM when off or the to Read To gather from (such as and to (such as or when the reads the from the and displays the
Read/write head The physical or that reads from and writes to the of the or clock clock the that of the and when the turned off, from battery. Refresh The with which The the refresh the the The fast refresh rates, to To without turning off. You RAM and operating ROM Memory. of memory that and ROM its when off the from battery. directory The highest or directory hierarchical directory other of the directory. MS-DOS the directory with (backslash). (F]
RS-232C used, type of You RS-232C to of the built-in RS-232C Sector section of (typically that which the and The type of that from interface to wire. Interface and RAM The that the of the and BIOS the RAM of memory to processing. SIMM Memory Software The of instructions (or that to the and functions specify. and
Subdirectory hierarchical directory of directory that within another directory or the directory. Switch optional to MS-DOS that the the Switches typically of the and peripheral to they functioning correctly. that the operating and that to the The physical that allows to and Tracks resembling the record, which the areas. On the to the edge.of the Sector. Command and o
UNIX operating that and to UNIX with of computers, from to VGA Graphics type of high-resolution that of built-m VGA to The that cache the of memory to access. Cache. To to (such as or (such as or written to written to Read. To the from write-protect the notch 5.25-inch or the write-protect switch 3.5-inch You write-protect software to the read-only. or write-protected, or its