EPSON II Y14499100801
Corporation or warranties, or implied, or with to this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of information While the of this publication, Corporation responsibility or from the of the information contained this publication and features to without of Corporation. of America, Inc. IBM and AT of International MS and GW of Microsoft CP/M of Research Inc. XTREE of Inc. Copyright Corporation IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
This and and and properly, that with the instructions, interference to and reception. It type tested and found to comply with the Class computing with the specifications of of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference tion. there that interference If this interference to or tion, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following the the with to the the from the the outlet that and branch If necessary, the should the or technician The user the following the helpful: To and Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington DC If the interference caused the or its peripheral To further isolate the This to with the Class to of of FCC input/output to comply with the Class attached to this with peripherals to interference to and TV reception. The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS the peripheral and their input/output If the interference caused the peripheral or its I/O These usually shielded I/O peripheral the shielded from peripheral the or WARNING
This to the II/III to the software. II The II of four of and Correct Table to read: DIP switch of One Three DIP switch to the the of the DIP switch cover. To the the protective and top of the You to the The II normally as C. If RAM and the of to three, the becomes D. to four the to become E. the that with RAM the W-BASIC the II/III to GW-BASIC TM graphics the III. If III, the SCREEN command section to II only apply. You RUN the III. MS-DOS the II/III The option Table Format shows that the type 1.2MB If 1.2MB this option appear. TM of ON ON OFF ON ON OFF OFF OFF Y14799101900
II high- performance which offers of First choose of the II Then the to with to the that the The II to and these One 360KB One 360KB and 20MB internal Both include 640KB of memory. of the choose to 1.2MB (high-density) or another 360KB the You the 360KB the top with 1.2MB You choose optional internal and The built-in and interfaces allow to or of optional to 12-inch 13-inch RGB or and interface You the IBM@ the II. Check with from to to which peripherals and option the II software products the IBM PC. choose and to the II operates. Introduction
To This This to and the II. It to optional and using Follow the instructions Chapter to Chapter to the II and Chapter and and shows to them. Chapter to and option If to Chapter troubleshooting. the and of this to the whenever You to through reading this Although this the II with the internal the and procedures apply to You to everything this sections option or accessory The II with the MS-DOS operating and the GW-BASIC If MS-DOS another that the the II. to to MS-DOS to learn about the commands and You bought other software as This to software To learn to or operating to the software that with
It to II and This chapter the II and shows to and II, should the following: The and The with MS-DOS operating and GW-BASIC with MS-DOS MS-DOS and GW-BASIC This II to these items, bought such as the MBM-2095-E or the RGB MCM-4035N-E. from their to inspect each If or with the and to With and software and information to They the tection to or Choosing choose Whether or the office, to location where the II properly. Chapter
Choose location that the following: or easily the of including its Soft and electricity, which and the Soft to freely the as as inches the clear to allow You to from humidity, and sunlight or other of heat. High operation, cool, Since cant to and which and To charges, to grounded outlets. You outlet the the and outlets and other The outlets the back of the II reduce the of outlets The this chapter). interference. from that field. Surprisingly, right to the location II, to
the to You the II or vertically. the the with the top of and the directly front. shows this
the shown the upright its with the and The the right as the when the If choose the about mount- to the or to to the the front and back of the
The shows the front with the covers to the DIP switches and the To the covers, each of the and LED lock/release LED Optional switches switch The front as follows: switch. the switch to the and off. LED light the the the red, the the The top the II 360KB that 360KB lock/release Press this to Press to Optional II (360KB or 1.2MB) or 20MB (as shown this If II covers this LED light that the accessed. To the or off the when the LED DIP
You the the Press this to the the top or the the to DIP switches. You these switches to match teristics, such as type, of and interface types. Turn this to the of the internal the to sounds. Removing the the the This the factory to the read/write heads. the 360KB the PUSH to If 1.2MB the counterclockwise and the the and it whenever the to another of the If to or such as when vacation, the to from the The the back of the to the outlets and the input/output shows where WARNING: peripherals the the off the switch or
Switched AC The back as follows: Switched AC You the of this the The switch the connected to this Unswitched AC Auxiliary You such as or this the peripherals The switch the connected to this AC input. the the to supply to the the off when the You this RCA-type the DIP Switches this chapter to to switches and to match type- Unswitched AC input AC /==I-,
interface You TTL or RGB this the DIP Switches this chapter to to switches and to match type. RS-232C Allows to peripheral with interface, such as another or Allows to with interface, such as or Option The II to to option cards. You option to and such as or another If II option Connecting the Cord the the AC input the back of the as shown To shock, to this the the other the other of the Connecting the
Connecting The II built-in interface connecting The to to the the type of instructions or follow these top of or the II It to the the back of the and the If necessary, the to the tors with permanently attached If TTL or RGB the of the to the the back as shown If the screws, tighten them with screwdriver. Connecting
If the of the to the the back If to with interface the option as Chapter Then the of the to the the option the first the the tor and then You of the the back the the switched AC outlet or the AC the DIP Switches this chapter, to DIP switches and the front of the to match type. If and DIP switches accordingly, text and graphics software. With and the switch IBM-compatible color/graphics software. Connecting the to the the The attached to the You the other to the the cover the right of the front
To the the front cover and the board as shown force the to the that the to the right of the Gently the the and the cover. Connecting the
You the positions-including or You the to the the and each as shows. To the the cover the front and the to release the the the and straight from the Connecting The II built-in and interfaces easily or that type of interface. offers selection of information. interface The II interface and DB-25S interfaces. the
To to the IBM PC- with If which Once follow these to to the interface the the to as shown the the switches both the and the off. One of the to to which this this to the PARALLEL the back of the If the screws, them with screwdriver. the other of the to the To the the each of the and them the each of the shows to the to the
the You the AC the back the interface If (or another such as with interface, to the SERIAL the back of the If both to to the To follow the To connected to the to the MS-DOS SETMODE (or the MODE command) to the RS-232C and to to the instead of the MS-DOS instructions. The II character The II character that assigns graphics and international characters to ASCII to these characters characters the IBM character (the character the II as and others. Also, the graphics when information. Connecting
the DIP Switches You the DIP switches the II to with information about This information includes type, of and which built-in interfaces software properly DIP switch match Although DIP switches this section to match If to the the DIP switches while off. Software the when the the while To DIP switches, the cover below the the front of the as shown The II of DIP switches: and Each numbered switches. switch switch off. the DIP switch cover, shows the of the DIP switches the II. The sections to DIP switches. To thin such as screwdriver. Location of DIP switches
DIP switch and the below to the DIP switches Switch used. off. A: 360KB 1.2MB Not Switch A)--This switch the what type of has. If II 360KB the top turn switch If the top 1.2MB off this switch. Switch (coprocessor)--The optional math that math or arithmetic. If off switch If this switch. to Table DIP switches ON OFF OFF ON
Switch (internal interface)-To or (usually to the built-in interface as or secondary. MS-DOS, would then to as LPT1 or LPT2 respectively. To the built-in interface as the off switch If interfaces, the built-in interface the of this switch. You the built-in If optional interfaces, the built-in as the secondary turn switch You then peripheral connected to optional as the option which interfaces tors which to MS-DOS whether the as LPT2, or LPT3. If the built-in interface as the the the optional interface to LPT2 or LPT3. If both to as the the from both interfaces. Switches and type)-Set switches and to type as shown Table to these switches properly or If to the built-in to option switches and to internal Switches and of switches and If off switch and switch DIP switch Table and the below to the DIP switches Switches through and switch used. them
Switch checking,)-Parity the to RAM. If and the memory, displays. protection, off switch to To this switch. Switch (internal interface)--To (usually or to the built-in as or secondary. MS-DOS, would then to as COM1 or COM2 respectively. To the built-in interface as the off switch If interface, the built-in interface the of this switch. If optional interface, the built-in as the secondary switch You then peripheral connected to the optional as the option which interfaces tors which to MS-DOS whether the as COM1 or COM2. If the built-in interface as the the the optional interface to COM2. If both to as the the from both interfaces. Switch (internal interface)--If connected to the built-in the back off switch to this If to the built-in switch to to the built-in optional as COM1 and as COM2; MS-DOS only DIP switches
ready to the and using the following Follow these to or yourself: the or off with to of the the top cover to and option cards. If Chapter troubleshooting, or to the optional math off the the cord, and the cover. from the when the off the while the LED This or whole least seconds switch off the switch Turning the off and the top of or or of its the of the the AC input the back of the Then the grounded the II Chapter
Turn the the that appear as the If or other peripheral, You the with or without the top the empty. To the the cover the top right of the front and the switch. The LED to the switch lights and the cooling the The and to internal self-test. If the clearly, the the to the and characters the clear and bright. If the tors and instructions. The the its self-test, RAM KB RAM which to this appears or A: and when ready This the operating from the top The II operating (DOS) to function. It with MS-DOS If to another operating To operating the to and this chapter). MS-DOS or other operating to the of the and the MS-DOS or other operating to to
You to operating to Chapter and MS-DOS (or other operating instructions to to MS-DOS, the operating when the The and and the and Removing Follow these to the with the and the write-protect notch to the that the read/write from the the as shown
the the clicks to force the the the PUSH 360KB or the 1.2MB clockwise the This the while and the read/write heads the to the To the the PUSH or the counterclockwise release the PUSH or the latch, the of the the its protective and properly, such as WARNING: from or off the while LED This or LED off, off the the II The the when shows of the and Table them.
MS-DOS the II MS-DOS, to the SETUP to MS-DOS with information about MS-DOS instructions and to and every SETUP option. You commands to the appearance of characters displays. If the background of Characters white background, and the MS-DOS REVERSE or Ctrl and and to characters white background instead. the MS-DOS information. If the of the characters normally characters and Ctrl and and double-width characters instead. the to the right and to the to as the Works with other to such as operations MS-DOS and GW-BASIC. when with the character lowercase characters when Works with other to character otherwise the from lower- to back to lowercase when the function of the from to back when of the back the the to as the characters or backsoace to
Selecting The II You choose or At the the II You the tion to that To the the to the MS-DOS SETUP To the while the the MS-DOS SPEED or Ctrl and and MS- DOS information, the the the LED the top right of the front At the red. You the when the the to further the The from through The the select, the the II To the the MS-DOS SETUP or Ctrl and and from through the Ctrl and and to the the You to operating or the operating and the to commands, the and the operation the temporary memory (RAM), as MS-DOS, Ctrl and C to operation and to the MS-DOS If this the WARNING: the to to. classify and whenever the properly. If the while such
There three to each than the them the If using MS-DOS, Ctrl and and the the the right of the The and then MS-DOS reloads. (The operating the the top or the If this the the Press the the cover below the This when the to commands. If this the the third from the the switch the cover the top right of the front to off the II. seconds and then turn the Turning the II off the and then from the If it to the MS-DOS HDSIT to the read/write heads from the recording off the MS-DOS instructions). Turn off the first-open the cover the top right of the front and the switch. The LED the switch Then off the the and other peripherals to the switch, software to the II and off. The MS-DOS SETUP allows to when the to automatically. You off the II that off the MS-DOS information.
The allow to and and when The II to The top the II and or of of below (The introduction this the II This chapter and to: Choose and Protect Work The round of coated with and protective record, both The as these tracks. read/write head the the the read/write head right the the This allows the read/write head to the when and and It sealed protective of and the as and capacity. magnetically, and as record, and and Chapter
Choosing the II to choose high-quality with reinforced rings-the worth the You to the type the II. The top the II of 360KB and %-inch, double-sided, sectored, TPI inch) Each to 360KB of or about of (One bytes.) These with those the IBM PC the other. On the II, 360KB PUSH which to If 360KB the If II 1.2MB choose %-inch, highdensity, soft-sectored, TPI this Each highdensity 1.2MB of or about of (One bytes.) These with those the IBM PC AT the other. On the II, 1.2MB which to to them. Format- and to to or that to MS-DOS (or other operating instructions to and You to of 360KB and 1.2MB and the they These apply to from other as Although high-density 360KB 1.2MB the below.
You 1.2MB as 360KB (or 320KB) the 1.2MB first. MS- DOS or other operating to the choose.) this, from both types, write to when 1.2MB If write to 360KB become both You 1.2MB to from that 360KB to from write to this while it 1.2MB If the become both write to ted that (or the type of another To while the write-protect the Write-protecting this chapter). of these to and type when Table shows what type from write to 360KB high-density 1.2MB high-density write to 1.2MB 1.2MB as 360KB (or 320KB) Both of the II and write to write to while 1.2MB 1.2MB as If both 360KB and 1.2MB), from to another as as the right type each You and type of MS-DOS or other software instructions to Table of to the of
Caring and To and to them properly. these to from or off the while LED The light the copying to or from If this process, off the The the its protective properly. they their protective and them top of and they or They properly when gently, and the top of to the top of another-too from freely It to write to only or to write that from and of and scratch the and the read/write heads or to clean from that magnetically.) There of or office, such as telephones, and They and humidity. the or or heat. The the of or the of winter
If these off the when the LED The light the copying to or from the If this process, to the The air-tight to from If to to another of the the MS-DOS HDSIT to the read/write heads from the recording MS-DOS (or other operating instructions. Protecting To and write-protect It to of and Copy that such as the MS-DOS and GW-BASIC that with the II, and the software from Copy (preferably every to them and them from The MS-DOS to of MS-DOS To other MS-DOS the DU Utility) or the DISKCOPY command. If of and to also. information this chapter.
Write-protecting shown the right of If this notch to the If cover the notch with write-protect and from the or If to write-protected the write-protected. with when them. Usually, operating the to least physical and and accordingly If II DIP switches and the cover beneath the these switches the operating This operations that normally to from to another, MS-DOS from the first the to the memory. Then MS-DOS to another and from memory to the the copying to the notch notch
this easy to which which. One to to the hand and the the other right. You write-protect information with MS-DOS, MS-DOS The the II of 20MB, or about characters. This to approximately reduces the of and of the when You the and to as (to Although the to back You the MS-DOS ARCHIVE to back To of only the and other the internal the following to the MS-DOS SETUP to 20MB the MS-DOS HDPART to the to MS-DOS. Format the MS-DOS with the MS-DOS HDFORMAT and the /S option to MS-DOS to the XTREE or the COPY to the MS-DOS to the
The MS-DOS these and the MS-DOS to them. If to other than MS-DOS, to that operating to the and the to The the factory. Therefore, to operating If serious read/write when the to the with the MS-DOS HDFMTALL as MS-DOS instructions and to the
Option II to another or The II option to cards. If II option You option from as as other that allow to without using option information. This chapter to: and the cover and option the Unit To option to the cover of the II. WARNING: the of the II while the cover, off the switches the and each peripheral, the and then the If the top of the to Turn the around the back Option Cards Chapter
shown the back with three screws. the screws with screwdriver and them to Then the back from the and The top cover four screws, each of the the that cover the screws the as shown the with screwdriver and them Then the screws both of the the screws to screws
shows to the cover and from the the cover screws Removing the cover
Option Card You option If such option which to Since the connected to the this which to the To option the II, follow these which option to and then the screw from the top of the plate the back of the the screw to the option to the of the the plate and the option Unpack the option the to of the the board, the If necessary, DIP switches or nections the option the option instructions). If to the option top of its with the facing to the option that the the top and the that the and the the the the the the the of the the notch the back of the
Once the the the to as shown If the smoothly, force the and to straight. the to the back of the with the screw. The of the cover option the free the to the cover option with or while others with the If the option to the cover the back option
Notice that each cover the back the and the top. the that to the of the option Then the back of the with the facing shown the the top and to the cover. the Unit Cover the option follow these to the cover: With the back of the facing the cover the with the the the cover slightly the front the cover the the front of the cover beneath the top of the front that the of the cover the Then the back of the cover To the cover, the screws of the Then the the Removing cover
the back and the three screws the top the to the the the and other Turn the the front and the back top of the that where to the switch the off. Then the to the AC input the back and to Post-Installation option to DIP switch to match the DIP Switches Chapter to which DIP switches to Then the MS-DOS SETUP to information. to the operating that the MS-DOS (or other operating instructions. instructions the option Option Card option off, and to connected to the Then the back and cover. To the the screw the and the straight and of the Then the preferably with the and its the and screw the back of the option Then the cover. the cover the back and then the back to the If necessary, the DIP switches the Also, the MS-DOS SETUP to operating the option to these back to their
You with software to and the to instruction the and the to the command. the software that with the or the instructions to If to option to the follow the instructions this chapter to Then the to the the If the to the the back To the the that covers the the to and the or the frequently, its about every First the cover. If the cover to the and the cover (If another type of turn the cover counterclockwise to Then the with clean, cloth, and the and cover. There other user-serviceable the To the II telecommunications, to to the and phone from to allow them to and from to allow to them. The You choose or internal option which option as this chapter. You phone the the option to and to the built-in the back to the instructions the that with
You should serious as and the II. of the ordinary to this chapter. Usually such nothing than repeating software or the You the to If the recommended about servicing the WARNING: If to off the reason, least seconds turn back You the II off and The To If the when the switch, follow these to the to the LED the front If it and then off the and then the If the LED light off the to that the securely connected to both the AC input the back and the Then the If the the the outlet the and to the The Not Appear If the appears the follow these to the the the If off the seconds, then the to appears. Troubleshooting Chapter
the the to the and trast. and then off the switches the and the that the securely to the outlet and that the properly connected to both the and the Turn both switches Turn off the switches both the and the Then the outlet the outlet the and to the outlet DIP switches and the front of the to they match type. the DIP Switches Chapter the The or If the and to the the following: seconds. operations to than others. speadsheet to spreadsheet than to Also, BASIC that or of the the and the accordingly. If the follow the Chapter the Computer. If with the following the Copy the and then the ation that caused the using the (If copying the try to If the the the another to as
the right type of The type normally shown the the top which of 360KB, TPI, soft-sectored If 360KB the type of this If that of 1.2MB, sectored this The interchangeable the of You or write to high-density 360KB You 1.2MB write to 1.2MB as 360KB (or 320KB) first. Choosing the II and and the write-protected? There write-protect the notch the of the the the directory to what the information to or what displays directory.) Although should normally write-protect software temporary the These write-protect the what of has? the DIP Switches Chapter to switches and correctly. Then the MS-DOS SETUP to that type match the MS-DOS instructions. If with when first to to properly. Chapter and to MS-DOS If repartitioned or or of the If and function properly, authorized service the air-tight that the recording 5?&inch, high-density, TPI, 51/4-inch, double-sided,
Software If with software the following of and The software that following the operating the (the top to the software and the to the instructions. If this the as the Computer. the and the To properly, DIP switch the DIP switches the match type, of and other characteristics the DIP Switches Chapter the off the the the to If correctly right the and to the properly. The to If connected to the the back to DIP switch the If connected to the built-in off switch to this and switch properly. the DIP Switches If or with feed- the the DIP switch The DIP switches properly with the
Option Card If option and the following the option correctly? follow the and operation instructions the option or DIP switches the option option instructions. If the to the peripheral to the option the back the DIP switches the to match the DIP Switches Chapter Post-Installation Chapter Memory If the and the and when off, the CMOS RAM To the battery, follow the instructions to the cover. the the front the with the II and switch the the board. Turn this switch to the battery. If the while off, the To the section. The Battery The CMOS RAM least MS-DOS loads, the battery. If the this displays: CMOS years.
to lithium and these to Follow the instructions Chapter to the cover. the the front the with the II To the battery, the the and straight the screw the plate that the and the screw and the plate the battery. the and the cover and screw. To the battery, the batterys the board. the as Chapter battery, to the MS-DOS SETUP to information about and the and
CPU and Memory CPU Math memory ROM DMA II Specifications NEC V30 or and and (optional with CPU), operates clockrate 640KB RAM 16KB clock, and CMOS RAM with Combination IBM graphics IBM RGB color/graphics or board Supports to of 360KB or high-density 1.2MB), board switch or power-off switch or software DMA with A-1
I/O I/O Interfaces Option Optional Optional Optional A-2 One interface RS-232C, asynchronous, DB-25P DB-25S IBM input/output with Switching type, fancooled, VAC, 5VDC VDC VDC VDC 5/4-inch, half-height 360KB age 5%-inch, half-height 360KB age W&inch, half-height high-density, 1.2MB capacity 5%-inch, half-height internal 20MB capacity with
Function to Physical Characteristics (CPU Only) Width, inches Depth, inches inches pounds 20MB QWERTY function Three and to 158F to 65C) to VAC to 104F (5"to35T) A-3
TTL (12-inch Color/graphics RGB (13-inch interface A-4 Supports or IBM 82-character character option High-persistence, P-39 phosphor to reduce Supports or IBM RGB or monitors, 40-character 80-character (high-resolution (high-resolution graphics), character option High-contrast to reduce Two-button with option option
Application Software to such as process- or accounting. ASCII American Information characters, such as numbers, and graphic ASCII character of computers, and ASCII of which character to another without the of or or or The of The of the or of charge. To or operating or of that character. Character that the or the Includes numbers, and graphic CMOS Complementary chips. B-1
of or instructions. software or of Command instruction the to the to function. The of of CPU with connected to and typical when Ctrl and another the that instructs the to function. CPU Processing Unit. The of which instructions, the of and input and operations. Cursor The highlighted which the and as and Information or to DIP switches switches of such as CPU, or option DIP switch functions and with information about DIP Directory of the or of The both and B-2
The physical which allows the to from and write to the front of the which manently the and the front of with and to permanently. DOS The that the input and type of that allows to as as the double-sided, the II capacity of 360KB. of related of information records, or together Text of and of and to and instructions. Format To (or that information. Formatting and sectors and locations GW-BASIC Microsofts of the Instruction to easy to and The to permanently. It and than B-3
physical of such as or CPU. type of that allows to to 1.2MB of Input/output Interface physical or software to or (KB) to memory or One bytes. LED Light that when electricity through the and lights the front of the II. The II (MB) to memory or One bytes. Memory The where Memory and (ROM) or temporary (RAM). of CPU which allows to and The of that the and displays informa- tion. B-4
that displays such as or as to which (as to to the and MS-DOS operating from Microsoft. DOS, of that allow to its tions. The operating the and input and MS-DOS, CP/M Option the II to such as or another The type of interface which of Interface and Parity that whether the of or to each This when the and when or the ASCII and parity. Parity of To sections operating (such as or connected to that the, its operation. physical input/output where peripheral. B-S
that instructions and what to and to Random Accesss Memory. The of memory that both and write to. The temporarily RAM. RAM when off the To from to another. when text the reads the from the and the Read/write head The physical that reads and records the of To operating that or operating clears RAM. RGB RGB displays high-resolution ROM Memory. of memory that and temporary ROM its when off the RS-232C widely-used, type of interface. You easily to the II. Sector section of track that which the Self-test The to its when The type of interface which Interface and B-6
Software The that to the and that the operating Tracks that the and to the areas. There each of double-sided, and each of double-sided, high-density To To from write- the notch the of the write-protected, change, or its B-7