IQ Started EPSON Revision
IQ Started the EPSON Copyright Inc., Revision October rights Printed the United States of of Inc. IQ of Inc. and of Corporation. Other and the property of their respective owners. of this or transmitted without the written of Inc. Information this to without and the of Inc.
IMPORTANT READ CAREFULLY: This (PLA) and Inc. (Sawgrass). the IQ or otherwise the Sawgrass IQ to bound the terms of this PLA. If to the of this PLA, Sawgrass to the of the IQ to such the IQ and should promptly instructions of the The of the IQ protected U.S. and of the The of the IQ to the this GRANT OF LICENSE This PLA the following rights: You and the IQ herewith EPSON to the U.S. The of or to the Process, other than IQ purchased from or its authorized PLA, of the Process. rights to the Process, those specified granted, and rights to other process, software or or or hereby. LIMITATIONS ON REVERSE ENGINEERING You agree that to or the IQ PATENTS AND COPYRIGHTS owns U.S. and which apply to the and/or the IQ or its and to the and the of the IQ Inc. You the accompanying the IQ rights specifically this PLA Inc. U.S.A. CAUTION: the within months of purchase. of reach of to or below F. of sunshine. Sawgrass Inc. to within reasonable which Sawgrass or these THERE ARE NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SAWGRASS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR LOSS OF PROFIT OR OTHER ECONOMIC LOSS, OR FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER SIMILAR DAMAGES. IQ of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their owners. Inc. and rights those
Table of Introduction About this the the PowerDriver IQ...................................................... Selecting Heat Sublimation Troubleshooting.............................................................. Technical
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON Introduction Congratulations purchase of With these specially sublimation and the EPSON The IQ and the EPSON the from Inc., the of and related products. that or short-run to to including UniSub and Soft T- shirts, attractive, the photo-quality clipboards, clocks, mousepads, synthetic T-shirts, and The to with the to the sublimation easy to learn and to the years the sublimation business and Please free to with feedback about products. information SubliJet and other products, and www.sublimation.com Thank and
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON About this This and the and using IQ Information the from included. The information to the of EPSON and therefore back to the EPSON To information, instructions and helpful the following and with 3M and with to to positioning template cleaning PowerDriver IQ installation CD Instructions Indicates items; including and Indicates useful
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON the of Items sublimation: EPSON Recommended section Selecting Coated sublimation ready Heat the the and attached with the their front the they easily and tangled. It that the OEM with to This things the that the easily. Second, with the basic operation of Please the EPSON
Sawgrass Inc. IQ Started the EPSON The easy the the from the and the the the Once the attached, the of the to their Once of the attached to the the the the or the as the The should the head, or from the heads. the the and the the properly. to match the right to its chamber. Once the there to The should the or from the heads.
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON the Cartridges the the cover and the yellow the front of the to the head to the the from its the the the the of the The the of the The from the fits the the and the The beneath the the back of the and
Sawgrass Inc. IQ Started the EPSON the they from the from beneath the and should towards the right of the the Positioning Template the right of the to where the 3M should attached. Once positioned,
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON Clean the where the the with the the of 3M off of the the and to the the the head and right, as as to that of the or of the touches the of the that the with head the head to the right the the the to the The should enough the back of the to the from the Acrylic arm. and The to shifted or right, to of inch, the of the If the appears stressed when the head the the slightly the 3M and reattaching. the 3M the the 3M the applying to and slightly twisting the back and forth.
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON Clean the and the of the with the and the to the and to the them NOTE: the the of the The of the causing the to the the Once the properly, the back from the and the of the Press the to the the the the pinched as to flow.
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON the securely. Turn the and allow the to to the the and with If already the PowerDriver IQ software that with instructions please to the PowerDriver IQ Access the PowerDriver IQ to the A. and ME users: Select Right-click the PowerDriver IQ software and Select the PowerDriver IQ Click On the the Click OK to the
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON B. XP users: Select Start>Control and Right-click the PowerDriver IQ software and Properties. On the the Preferences button. On the PowerDriver IQ QC On the QC the button; Click OK to the PowerPrime.
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON Once the that firing properly from the If the or appear, cleaning to the to ready to The partially the with The of the to enough the to the
Inc. SubliJet IQ Started the EPSON Empty Attach to each the to the the of the to the that the closed. Disconnect the the the the slightly when the with fresh the that the Transporting the with To the with the the off and the (printhead the to the right and Starting with the the to the and the that pinches the closed. this Once the pinched off to the to the when to allow the flow of
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON the the 3M the securely attached and and that the attached. If the too the the of the the clearance there clearance the the and the and the the isnt the or the become worn. If there of clearance, the and seconds to the the empty, they appearance. the to enough to the shows as though The of used, and to write that to the the chips write protected, the the chips, however, the software based reports the the memory to the to clear the memory and to the the chips, the second, or off the front and off or seconds. to the from the off the The slightly when from the they with than the the the of the to the with 3M Please the perfectly or the
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON PowerDriver IQ of to high each with PowerDriver IQ software of those PowerDriver IQ software professional that users with the to right the first PowerDriver IQ software based operating PowerDriver IQ based graphics PowerDriver IQ software and to easy to to the guesswork of sublimation With the of Unisub, Soft and others. This that money and costly trying to the right. PowerDriver IQ with the the to match and artwork easy. to instructions to the please to the PowerDriver IQ or www.sublimation.com/colorsure. Selecting information selecting the to with please www.sublimation.com or authorized While the of or other the light, or and to the or
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON Heat Instructions of to of the account when selecting and of the thickness of the heat, coatings the to sublimation of heat and The and below with heat instructions. to the heat and the to You should to own SURFACE o POLYESTER/ seconds seconds MOUSEPADS METAL METAL (Other) White, o UNISUB seconds seconds o FR PLASTIC seconds seconds o SOFT LINK seconds seconds Press to Teflon of to through CERAMIC with o seconds seconds TRANSFER TRANSFER TIME TIME SUBLIJET SUBLIJET o seconds seconds o seconds seconds with o and of heat Then top of the Next top of the from immediately TEMP PRESSURE REMARKS IQ
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON Sublimation heat the sublimation completely the This the to the to the creating the section Heat Instructions. heat The Higher the to the that they properly the the section Heat Instruction. Too the heat the to too the causing washed the section Heat To the when the the and cloth or fresh, non-textured towel. This that back through the and released the process. If with inconsistently areas, this the and and immediately the off of the from the heat Once the cool the cool or from If the of the with cleaner. If
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON Soft Shirts The of to of the seconds. Teflon sheets the front and back of the to the from to the other of the If from heat heat or to greatly reduce or the and Humidity The of to the sublimation the amount of that directly the however and to of that attributed to shifting of the of To these If the seconds. it to the warmth. The heat from the should of the To the seconds the heat cloth or fresh, non-textured the to the
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON to purchase and information, the Sublimation Directory World www.sublimation.com should to below (32F, 0C). to heat of 104F, 40C). If should allow to reach directly to light, sunlight, the the
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON Troubleshooting The troubleshooting found this section to that If related to the performance of please to the section found the EPSON The incorrect The PowerDriver IQ matching software. information to this software please the PowerDriver IQ the right and information, PowerDriver IQ the item with the and the section Heat Information. correctly. the and clean the heads as required. EPSON instructions. really light This should muted heat of the heat and off the or the the to match the that the right the the the right to the clicks washes the with the and If try to that the the sufficiently. the section Heat Information. recommended the section Selecting to from fibers, such as with the process.
IQ Started the EPSON Colors light and the of the The the bright white of the recommended information, the section Selecting the item with the and the section Heat Information. correct. PowerDriver IQ information. information, the section and Humidity to sublimation from such as with the sublimation the item with the and the section Heat Information to recommended information, the section Selecting the of the The the bright white of the the the or the when heat the section and that the heads properly further instructions the EPSON or that of the firing properly. from the of further instructions the EPSON If or of the to Head further instructions the EPSON
Inc. IQ Started the EPSON Technical If from options: Telephone You authorized their hours of operation of authorized www.sublimation.com Technical the hours of AM and PM Eastern the Technical of the Inc. www.sublimation.com. The troubleshooting found with to of the You of further with to with to You Technical with of with to with to You of to Technical with to with to
North Mount South www.sublimation.com