cover light light thickness light light Cartridges Cartridge Black S020093 S020110 EPSON S041060 A4 S041059 EPSON High Quality S041111 A4 S041117 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Quality S041124 A4 S041126 EPSON Quality A4 A6 EPSON A4 inches) EPSON S041064 A4 S041063 EPSON Quality A6 S041054 Cards S041122 cleaning EPSON EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153 sheets) S041155 sheets) EPSON Quality A4 S041106 EPSON Light A3 S041131 EPSON EX EPSON EX A6, sheet (includes software) A6, S041062 S041061 S041070 S041067 S041072 S041071 S041075 S041107 S041141 S041140 S041134 S041156 S041145 S041144-KIT S041144
EPSON EX Specifications Black light light Printable and Printable CR inches inches inches inches inch, inches Bidirectional with ESC/P EPSON EX Cartridge Black (S020093) (S020110) Color(s) Black Light Light capacity* (ISO/IEC Cartridge years from (within months F C)) Installed: to F to C) month F C) Uninstalled: to F to C) month F C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) The often the head. It and hours F C). EPSON recommends the of EPSON Other products EPSON to covered the the expired. (A4, each (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H)
type Thickness inches) inches) or inches) inches) inches) A3 A4 A5 B4 B5 inches) A4 A6 inches) A4 sheets EPSON inches DL: inches C6: inches Index A6 distributed inches EPSON inches) A4 or inches) inches A6 distributed EPSON Iron-on cool inches) A4 distributed EPSON A3 back light back light distributed EPSON Since the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or EPSON these to F to C) Humidity: to RH EPSON and sheets these to F to C) Humidity: to RH and distributed EPSON and distributed EPSON or to inch to to to distributed EPSON EPSON EX EPSON EX to inch to to to
EPSON EX B-L B-R B-R B-L A: The top inch of EPSON Quality the top inches B-L, B-R: The and right inch The right as follows: inch DL inches inch C6 C: The inch B-L, B-R EPSON 6-inch perforations) A: The top inch BL, BR: The and right inch C: The inch EPSON EX C C C B-L B-R A: The top inch B-L, The inch B-R: The right inch C: The inch the first. should first. Mechanical Friction Rear Sheet sheets of Width: inches Depth: inches inches without the EPSON Width: inches Depth: inches inches C
to to Rated to to Rated (ISO/IEC This IT phase-to- phase of V. the the back of the the of to F to C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) (without to RH to RH UL with D3, CSA C22.2 with D3 EMC FCC B, CSA C108.8 The to of these The turned The INIT from the interface. Software Software ESC the command. the turned the and the input and cleared. to their However, the the turned within seconds turning off. this the the head, and the path. Software This clears the and to their the or clear the Interface with interface and interface. interface The built-in interface the following characteristics: IEEE-1284 Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or IEEE-1284 Amphenol or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 interface The built-in interface based the RS-423 This interface the following characteristics: Based RS-423 Synchronization: Synchronous EPSON EX EPSON EX
EPSON EX X-ON/X-OFF and DTR Word Parity Stop Connector Recommended Apple Peripheral-8 M0197) light light light The four lights the and to the light or incorrectly loaded. the and then the the light flashes of the of the the then the If the light to flash, off the and or light flashes supply or light to the The light when the The light flashes when the or such as cleaning the head. EPSON EX light cleaning the and lights and the lights Turn off the the the lights internal Turn off the the Cartridge New the grounded the off (the Dont outlet switch or or that the as This the which memory or the supply. the and the cover. to the The Press the light flashes, the lights and the to the the to the or off. switchsuch as stripto off the seconds; then If this clear the EPSON as the seconds; then If this clear the EPSON as the light off). and cover
the (The shows the the from their Then the of the the top of each the white You the from the top of the or permanently Its OK the exactly tear off the Dont the from the Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the their the and the the back of the The the and the the right. the they cleaning and the cover. Press the The the head and charging the Charging to this the light flashes, and the sounds. Dont off the or the charging or than necessary. Charging when the light flashing and continually off the when the light flashing. the light flashing and the isnt or off the Testing the You to whether from the or other If the satisfactory, the software the interface or If the correctly, there with Follow these to the both the and turned off. the interface from the the button. the the the light to flash. Then release both buttons. The containing the ROM counter character and the shown below: the off the to the interface then the and EPSON EX EPSON EX and the
EPSON EX to about choosing the and software. The following the EPSON and the to software. this of this top first) the the thickness to the first and sheets) EPSON EPSON Coated EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Coated EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Coated Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON EPSON EX Then this software... this of this EPSON Quality inch top and EPSON EPSON High Quality EPSON EPSON Light Light the option to itespecially includes the appear correctly when EPSON Quality This allows to top Additional Loading Dont the cleaning that included with they the If the option shown the the Quality the More as the or the the Custom the Then the type. that to correctly; follow instructions the the and the If the protective each of to the protective sheets the of the the Then this software... Quality
Cartridge To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to You empty. these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020093 S020110 Removing Empty Cartridge light flashing or Follow these You when the the turned and which to replaced. the and the cover. If the cleaning when neither light flashing or the cleans the head as If to the lights flash the too follow the instructions Outdated Cartridge. cleaning and three seconds. Press the The head the to the and the light (The head to its to within seconds.) the The from its Dont the or to with Once cant the the head. the of the and of Follow the the section to the or Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the New Cartridge Once the ready to the Follow these the from its You the from the top of the the permanently the clear from the of the only the yellow of the the top of the the white (Its OK the exactly tear off the the its with the facing and the arrow to the back of the The the right, the the Press the If to the other as Removing Empty Cartridge. Then follow through this section. Press the The the head and charging the the charging seconds the light flashes and the sounds. Charging about finished, The off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than EPSON EX EPSON EX cleaning and the cover.
EPSON EX Outdated Cartridge If than months to You that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, to or both Follow these to the or light flashing or the turned and the and the cover. and seconds the head to the (The the head back to the seconds with Press the To the the head hand. the The from its the of the and of Follow the the section, the New Cartridge, to the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to clean the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head You of the following to clean the head: The Head Cleaning (recommended) software the rather than The buttons. EPSON EX the Head Cleaning Follow these to the the turned and the and Access the Click the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about which the and the turn off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to to that the head and to the cleaning the the and or Confirmation (Macintosh). Then Next the further instructions. If the the Follow these to the head: the turned and and that the and cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about which the and the Press the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to to that the head and to the cleaning the cleaning and the the Click the or the You the Click the Then Next the section instructions examining the If the lights off. light flashes. lights off. light flashes.
the the It should something this, with each of the sections showing of the Each and straight should with the If OK, If as shown below, the head as the the Head If to the head. Follow these the turned and loaded. Access the Click the or the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to and the EPSON or when the head Cleaning the Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the Dont or the To its should following these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. the closed Clean of the with cloth. Dont the cleaning sheets that included with they the Transporting the If to to and the To the when the Follow these Turn the and the head the right Then turn off the the from the Then the interface from the from the and the the and the the and the the protective that with the Notice that with the to the as If the the head; the head. Related TM-SP700AD EPSON EX Service PL-PHOTOEX EPSON EX CPD-6296 EPSON EX CPD-6300 EPSON EX Started EPSON EX EPSON EX
EPSON EX EPSON EX