rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Concerning of Copyrighted each user to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright and and and USB DIRECT-PRINT of Corporation. and RPM PhotoEnhance and and service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-22650 Copyright Notice
full-featured, wide-format With its and photographs and and of It with these advanced features: Hi-Definition the of photo and longevity Smooth and with head and DX5 correction when from and scrapbook-size CD and DVD CDs and PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT directly from or The includes information about JPEG/TIFF and them to information such as flash, and the JPEG/TIFF the information to the reproduction.
About To and its software, the This instructions with and CDs and from or and information about the on-screen Reference double-clicking the Please follow these throughout: Warning: to to to Notes information about hints
from to Follow the these sections to CDs, or and from or Loading below with with Macintosh Selecting the Correct CDs and Direct from or Loading The type of choose affects the to the the to of the and its from to
the front then the and its Press the release the and the to the Release from to
the the right and the The usually whiter or than the other the first, You about of such as photo or Press the release the and the the of the too tightly). Release Release The slightly and the Loading
Follow these when Dont the arrow the the the the and right the Its often or whiter than the other the first, when or the top first. If feeding try sheets. If using the instructions and the You with of Coated however, they that formulated the and these to high-quality the instructions and using the If includes cleaning with this the offers the following the from to inches S041934 inches) S041935 inches S041982 inches) S041331 inches) S041327
Bright White Bright White Heavyweight inches S041808 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286 inches S041466 US inches) S041290 A3 inches) S041288 inches) S041289 inches S041809 inches) S041141 US inches) S041156 inches) S041143 inches) S041586 inches S041467 inches) S041257 inches S041468 A3 inches) S041260 inches) S041263 S041727 S041667 S042038 S041134 S041671 S041649 S041271 S041272 Loading
Double-sided Double-Sided Enhanced Quality Iron-on Cool Iron-On Quality A4 inches) S041106 You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca from to inches) S041568 inches) S041341 A3 inches) S041343 inches) S041339 inches) S041062 inches) S041067 US inches) S041070 inches) S041069 inches) S041405 A3 inches) S041406 inches) S041407 inches) S041153 S041604
follow these Loading capacity Quality Bright White Bright White Enhanced Heavyweight Double-sided Double-Sided Iron-on Cool Iron-On Quality A3 or sheets sheets A3 or sheets One Loading
with Follow the instructions this section to basic or photo. instructions advanced instructions, on-screen Reference the and You this EPSON selected. Click the or Preferences (If or Then or Preferences the from to Select Click to software
On the the Sheet Select Select Select or Select from these Quality Option rough with reduced Text text-only with higher text Text with text and with higher and graphics with and or graphics with high Select Sheet as the Source the and match the the Selecting the Correct Select the or to as the Select or Select PhotoEnhance to Select the type of Select PhotoEnhance to Click options with
the Advanced Then the following as necessary. Select Quality as RPM the Select as RPM the highest information about advanced or instructions them as them the or the and then the with. If to the the and as necessary. Click OK to then OK or to from to Select (To choose ICM first)
the following appears and shows the of You these buttons to or You of Click to or Click to You the button to Selecting the within they only apply to that If to the follow these Right-click the the right of Select Select the applications, then OK You the when necessary. Click to purchase with
with Follow the instructions this section to or instructions advanced instructions, on-screen Reference the and You the Select from the Format Select with the option. Select or as the Click OK the and You this Select from the Select from the from to Select Select or Select Select
to Advanced Select the following as necessary: information about the choose other options from the including: Select the of or Select options. such as ColorSync or Select ColorSync or the or or off the software. or the Select smears. Summary of Select Select or Grayscale Select higher or Click with
Click the Advanced and the following as necessary. RPM the highest quality, Click To the of the when appears the the of If OS the instead, then the from to Select RPM the Select options
The following appears and shows the of If necessary, the to then these buttons to or You the to finished, the or Selecting the Correct Select the or what of using and the coverage accordingly. this Bright White Bright White Iron-on Cool Iron-On Selecting the Correct this or Bright White
this Quality Quality Enhanced Heavyweight Double-sided Double-Sided Envelope from to Select this or
You with the the to the of the Although and without trimming. You these and Quality inches inches) inches inches inches inches) inches US inches) A3 inches) inches) inches inches) US inches) inches) inches) US inches) inches) inches inches) inches) inches) A3 inches) inches) or
Enhanced Heavyweight these sections instructions selecting with below with Macintosh and Prints with These instructions cover from the XP and these instructions from the to Right-click the photo, highlight With and and and Then and type the To the of the of the and Then with to the from to inches) A3 inches) inches) inches inches) inches A3 inches) inches) or
Click the the of the Click Next You Selection Select the photo(s) to and Next You the Select EPSON Click Preferences
EPSON and Preferences You the Select or as the Quality Option Select of the following the option, to match the If which to select, the Click the the and OK Select to match the the of from to
Select or as the If to the amount of the and the Click OK follow the on-screen instructions. Click Next You Selection and Next to with the photo to the and You the Select from the Format Select
Select to match the the of Select or as the Click OK the and Select the Select from the to Advanced The correction with Macintosh. from to Select Select
Select of the following to match the If which to select, the Select Quality higher quality) or using the If to the amount of necessary from the and the Click to and Prints The the of and longevity when and properly displayed or With photographs from years. with that and lengthen life: or protective to them from atmospheric humidity, and high of with photographs, from sunlight. from high photo or photo acid-free, archival commonly from stores. the
CDs and includes that graphics, and directly CD or DVD. The CD software easy to and with of effects. You both and CDs and CDs and Thermal-printable and CDs and should with this otherwise the smear. Follow the these sections to CDs or Cleaning the below CD or DVD and CD/DVD with and CD/DVD with Macintosh Cleaning the CDs or to the You this feeding and ejecting sheets of turned and of loaded. Press the to of through the from to
CD or DVD the or CDs or or scratches the when the Turn CD or DVD, the turned the correctly. Then follow these from the If the the the cover, then and release the front as shown to the CD/DVD the cover. CDs and
the CD or DVD the CD/DVD with the white or the the To CD or DVD the CD/DVD the first, then the CD or DVD the the CD/DVD when CDs or and that the and the otherwise the the the CD/DVD the the the and the as shown below. Follow the instructions or to and with CD. from to CD/DVD this with
and CD/DVD with You CD to and with graphics, and CD/DVD with Double-click the EPSON CD To background the background You this: If already chosen background, Click Select of the following: To of the background with CD, the Background the and OK To of the to then OK You of the the and OK CDs and
To the text and the to apply formatting and effects, then OK (To the of To of the text the and the or Then the other that appear. finished, choose as from the to with CD, the CD and CD/DVD with created and CD or DVD, ready to the and Click from to Select EPSON Select CD or DVD type
EPSON selected. Select CD/DVD or CD/DVD as the as the Confirmation Click the to or each CD or DVD from the printed, and then the the Press the to the CD or DVD To allow the to least hours the or from and sunlight. If to the to the If to the or the section or the with If and text or the CD or DVD, to the You these to the CD or DVD. CD or DVD the CD/DVD and the as CD. the and Click Confirmation CDs and
EPSON selected, then Confirmation Click The the CD or DVD. the CD or DVD and the from the of the to the Top and Right with the then You this: Click then input the Top (from the Height (Top) the Right (from the (Right) Click OK to the the with If smears CDs or to the or CDs and from differently, to the each type of Follow these instructions to and then as necessary. CD or DVD the CD/DVD and the as CD. the and EPSON selected, then Confirmation Click from to
the printed, the If to the the Correction or as necessary. Then these or Third as the Confirmation to or third the You three Each location. the CD or DVD and least hours. Then the You the Brightness and CD to information, the CD and Topics and CD/DVD with You CD to and with graphics, and CD/DVD with the Applications the EPSON CD then EPSON CD To background the background You the following To background Select Background the the then Click OK the Background CDs and
To the the Text type then of the options the to You options the and To of the text the and the or Then the other that appear. finished, choose as from the to with CD, the CD and EPSON CD CD/DVD with created and CD or DVD, ready to the and Click the Select and from the then OK Select CD/DVD or CD/DVD as the Select as the from to
Click Click and the to or each CD or DVD from the printed, and then the the Press the to the CD or DVD To allow the to least hours the or from and sunlight. If to the to the If to the or the section or the with If and text or the to the You these to the CD or DVD. CD or DVD the CD/DVD and the as CD. Select CD or DVD type Click CDs and
the and selected, then Click The the CD or DVD. the CD or DVD and the from the of the to the Top and Right. with the then You this: Click Entry then input the Top (from the Top the Right (from the Right Click OK to the from to Click
the with If smears CDs or to the or CDs and from differently, to the each type of Follow these instructions to and then as necessary. CD or DVD the CD/DVD and the as CD. the and selected, then Click the printed, the If to the the Correction or as necessary. Then these or Third as the to or third the You three Each location. the CD or DVD and least hours. Then the You the Brightness and CD to information, the CD and EPSON CD CDs and
Direct from or You or that PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT to the and the or to of (A included with or or phone to PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT. If the and lights when or the of or The of JPEG, and the of each least than turned the type of to the USB that with or phone to the PictBridge the front of the the other of the to or Turn or or to the to and or phone from to
Follow the these sections to and necessary. Checking the Head below Cleaning the Head Cartridge the Head Cleaning the Transporting the Checking the Head You to the head cleaning. Follow the instructions below. the head the CD/DVD the the turned and the light (If the light to the Right-click the the right of Select Macintosh: the Applications and EPSON Utility2 Select SP the OK and
Follow the instructions the to the head to cleaned: head to cleaned: If there or If there or or the Clean and follow the on-screen instructions to the head. Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or to clean the head. This the they properly. head cleaning the head, the head first to that the head to cleaned. This information, This section to the head using the Head Cleaning Utility. You clean the head holding the the three seconds. (This only when the light off.) the head, the CD/DVD the turn and least once month to the
the turned and the light off. (If the light flashing or to of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning the Applications and EPSON Utility2 Select SP the OK then Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. The cleans the head and the light flashes. Cleaning about off the while head cleaning You the light flashing, the then The head to cleaned: head to cleaned: If there or If there or or the click Clean and follow the instructions to the head If cleaning four the off and least hours. This allows to Then, cleaning the head If to and Cleaning the Head
Cartridge the light flashes, or the light to or when which or expended. than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the light off. Checking the To the of the following: Double-click the the right of You this To the the currently Information and light Click to information about
Macintosh: the Applications and EPSON Utility2 Select SP the OK then EPSON You this Cartridges these within months of them and the the Black (T079120) (T079220) (T079320) (T079420) Light (T079520) Light (T079620) To the and them. Other products to covered warranty. Click to information about Cartridge
You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or Cartridge Precautions Warning: of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with from allow to least three hours the the the within months of first them. their this or tear or the other than the this the IC the of the Doing operation and immediately from its Leaving the reduced quality. If the supply from and and the as the the supply covers or unnecessary, the items that with this of the the supply or the surrounding or to them. This the head. with their facing upward. cool,
You with expended, the other the The IC these of related-information, such as the that the and freely. each the the If that which and Cartridges Once the the obtained or the the head To and them. Other products to covered warranty. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the CD/DVD the the turned the light flashing. the cover. Press the The light to flash. Dont the than seconds or the to the head. Cartridge
If of the or expended, the head that to the to If or expended, the directly to the to To the the head hand. the shown below when Press the If than or expended, the or to the Press the to checking the the the or the head to the
the cover. the the back of the and straight of Dont the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the from its the IC the of the Doing and Cartridge
the yellow from the of the You the from the otherwise, or to Dont other from the this the the and clicks other that to replaced.
the cover. the cover and the The charging The light flashes and the Charging about finished, the light flashing and and the light off the while the light flashing, or If the light correctly. the cover and the or Then the and the they the and covers, and the to the the Head If or or light or to the head. You or to clean the head. the head, the CD/DVD the Turn the of the Head
the and lights flashing or of the following: Right-click the the right of Head Macintosh: the Applications and EPSON Utility2 Select SP the OK then Head Follow the instructions the to the You this while the the three of each with or its the the If or the that the Click then to another and this Click to the Head Cleaning the To its should Turn off the the cord, and the USB the then to clean the If the or of the dirty, them with cloth with the closed to from
If the off with cloth the shown. Warning: Dont the or other the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or apply or grease the Dont cleaning included with they the Transporting the If to the its or of the the the head and the from Turn off the from the and the the and the the from the Then the USB from the the the the protective that with the vertically, or or from the the and turn If the head or the head Clean Transporting the
If these sections below and If to and software to Uninstalling Software If the Where To the lights below) or Lights Explanation light The flashes charging or cleaning the head, or to the PictBridge light and light flashes If or once. or then the to If CD or DVD, the CD/DVD Follow the instructions to the then the light light light
Lights Explanation light flashes and light flashes light flashes nearly expended. the that appears to which nearly or follow the instructions light and light and the CD/DVD lights flash If to the CD/DVD If to CD or DVD, the from the light and lights The light off; and lights If the Press the to the If that off the the cover, and the from the front, including torn Then the and the If CD or DVD, the CD/DVD ejected. the and the or then follow the to If incompatible with the or incorrectly or with the as connected to the PictBridge with PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT connected to this information. of the head or the internal Turn off the then the cover and or other seconds, then the back If the lights flashing, as
You to whether from the or other the CD/DVD the Turn off both the and Then the USB from the the Press the and buttons together to the holding the the light to flash, then release showing the ROM and (If the to the head as Turn off the the Then the USB and and If the the software the USB or or software correctly. To and the software, If the with the and If nothing as Where To
and If the information this section, please the on-screen Reference and Software Periodically, to to software. Download instructions With or or EPSON and EPSON The installation. The first the charge its head three or charging finishes (the light flashing) off the or improperly and the If the head or the the light flashing off the If the light flashing when back as Where To Turn off the then the completely and the cover closed completely. the then the back to clear the the software. follow the instructions the to the instructed to and the securely connected. the shown other including and protection software, and the software
If using and the the Format the to the or the sheet instructions. If and or software correctly, software or XP The USB correctly from the USB properly If If on-screen Reference instructions The nothing the USB connected securely and that the the as If the software correctly. You to and as there the If to as on-screen Reference If continuously the temporarily feeding or the head while to the from overheating and If this to that and the about the off and and should and
The sounds as though nothing If selected. If selected the and The head cleaning; instructions. the software the The properly or that the when or awhile. too the If high-resolution than the listed. You Clear or utility. that Increase memory (RAM). the try these the Quality Option to or the Quality/Speed to If connected to USB USB that the of the
Quality You (light The head cleaning; instructions. higher and off High or instructions. the or matches the loaded; the of the Its usually brighter or whiter. The replacing; instructions. and them within months the If using instructions. the head; instructions. or smeared. isnt or curled, or (the should dirty, or too the or matches the loaded; with or the the on-screen Reference to and absorption of and
and them within months the The properly or that the The head cleaning; instructions. the head; instructions. each from the as printed. hours to allow the to If smears the back of the of the instructions. or The head cleaning; instructions. The or To the or matches the loaded; isnt or face-down. Dont or to when This to and If finishes or attempting to If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution
the of the Its usually brighter or whiter. using higher or higher Quality Option or Quality or (Macintosh) instructions. the Head instructions. You to increase the or software You or Clear the software or the software to (Macintosh). The head cleaning; instructions. The or If turning off PhotoEnhance. the on-screen Reference information. the to as the this the than To reduce the top of each other. exactly match to as as You features. on-screen Reference information. with or If the the Press the to the then the If when the or too thin. the specifications the on-screen Reference and
feed correctly or the the pulled If feed, from the sheet the right then the the If once, the from the the to the and If the to clear the If that off the the cover, and the from the front, including torn Then the and the button. If incorrectly or frequently: smooth, high-quality the curled, creased, too thin, or too the of the of to the sheets. Dont the arrow the the the right the the too tightly. to curling. built the Cleaning S041150) to clean the as follows: the cleaning that with they the the instruction sheet from the of the cleaning follow the instructions the they Follow the instead.
the cleaning the with the the the of the cleaning Press the to the through the the and to feed the through Then the cleaning CD/DVD and text the CD/DVD. the as or (Macintosh). smears the CD/DVD or too light. CDs or the and allow the to least hours the or the as or the brightness or the CD on-screen of cleaning and
Printed CDs or Clean the as The CD/DVD the Turn and the CD/DVD the the the CD/DVD and match each other. information, The CD/DVD or correctly when the CD/DVD correctly; instructions. If the when the ready. to the Then the and the Printout The inverted, as Turn off the the software or (If Iron-on Cool the should inverted.) The If selected. If Macintosh, selected the and The head cleaning; instructions. The incorrect. the instructions, or Choose the If choose the the and the
the option software to the the to the right of the the the The or incorrect. the and options correctly. or (Macintosh) instructions. match the width/height of the or and to You incorrect characters. the USB securely and the Then If using switch or USB with the directly to instead. Too that the option software or what when that the of and the to the fits the Dont choose when and
Uninstalling Software You to and then and this might when operating You to CD or on-screen Reference Turn off the and its USB Click or and or to or then Software Uninstall With when the Account the EPSON and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. then the to software. the software CD-ROM Macintosh. the CD-ROM Double-click the English then the OSX You to to these Double-click the the appears, Uninstall from the the and Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. If the of the or Utility, from and Macintosh, then the to software.
Where To Technical these technical services: and to You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative please the following information Product Product (located the back of the Proof of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or Where To
Other Software Technical Photoshop Telephone: www.adobe.com/support
and Notices To and its software, should Microsoft PC with III or recommended) Microsoft XP, XP Professional Edition, or 512MB RAM (2GB or recommended) 300MB free (1GB or recommended) SVGA with least CD or DVD the software USB with XP, XP Professional Edition, or Windows-compliant USB (Windows-compliant USB recommended); and shielded USB AB improperly shielded or USB the to malfunction. To and its software, should G4 or or Core OS or to 512MB RAM (2GB or recommended) 300MB (1GB or recommended) SVGA with least CD or DVD the software built-in USB USB recommended) shielded USB AB improperly shielded or USB the to malfunction. and Notices
Instructions the and follow these instructions. to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the the that with the of another fire or shock. the outlet where the easily the become or frayed. If with the that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the outlet the outlets the as or that switch and off. switches or timers. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. locations that to or humidity, or or the heating or other heat or light or sunlight. enough around the to allow or cover the or through the the that the It properly the back of the least inches from the the the or the products that or around this Doing fire. the head hand; otherwise, the the off the this pressed, the light flashes. the or off the to the outlet the light flashing. and Notices
the that the head the right) and the the Removing the the head and the from as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. the to or other with the of the Each the both connected the or the its or otherwise, from the Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the their this when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with or tear or the other than the yellow this immediately from its Leaving the reduced quality. the the the within months of first them. or to them. This the head. from allow it to least three hours cool, the IC the of the Doing and Instructions
The IC these of related-information, such as the that the and freely. each the the If the supply from and and the as the the supply covers or unnecessary, the items that with this of the the supply or the surrounding with their facing upward. FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or and Notices
WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/ or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B321B Declaration of Conformity
Inc. Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and quality. of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers only the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the and Notices SM
to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Inc. Warranty
and Notices
and to Work Together the and You purchase them www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON specially coated to with and longevity. photosfrom to professional and finishes. with smooth or textured professional brochures, or art Scrapbooking Acid-free, backgrounds, and other and these art appearance. Specialty that showcase including cards, and the back cover of of the and with the of the below to It as easy as T079320 Black T079120 T079620 T079220 T079420 T079520 inches S041934 inches) S041935 inches S041808 S041727 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286 S041667 inches S041466 US inches) S041290 A3 inches) S041288 inches) S041289 inches S041982 inches) S041331 inches) S041327 inches S041809 S042038 S041134 S041671 inches) S041141 S041649 S041271 S041272 US inches) S041156 inches) S041143 inches S041467 Heavyweight inches) S041257 inches S041468 A3 inches) S041260 inches) S041263 inches) S041341 Enhanced A3 inches) S041343 inches) S041339 inches) S041062 Quality inches) S041067 US inches) S041070 inches) S041069 inches) S041405 A3 inches) S041406 inches) S041407 S041604 1-B C 1-B 1-B 1-B
and to Work Together the and You purchase them You www.epson.ca (U.S. or www.epsonstore.com purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON specially to with and longevity. photosfrom to professional and finishes. with smooth or textured professional brochures, or art Scrapbooking Acid-free, backgrounds, and other and these art appearance. Specialty that showcase including cards, iron-on and the back cover of of the and with the of the below to as easy as It T079120 Black T079220 T079520 inches S041934 inches) S041935 inches S041808 S041727 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286 S041667 inches S041466 US inches) S041290 A3 inches) S041288 inches) S041289 inches S041982 inches) S041331 inches) S041327 inches S041809 S042038 S041134 S041671 inches) S041141 S041649 S041271 S041272 US inches) S041156 inches) S041143 inches S041467 Heavyweight inches) S041257 inches S041468 A3 inches) S041260 inches) S041263 inches) S041341 Enhanced A3 inches) S041343 T079320 inches) S041339 inches) S041062 T079620 Quality inches) S041067 US inches) S041070 T079420 inches) S041069 inches) S041405 A3 inches) S041406 inches) S041407 S041604 1-B C 1-B 1-B 1-B