Accessories assembly, cover, plate Cartridges Cartridge Black S020187 S020193 cover thickness EPSON S041060 A4 S041059 EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153/ S041155 EPSON High Quality S041111 A4 S041117 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Quality A6 S041054 inches Cards S041122 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 inches EPSON A4 EPSON Quality A4 A6 EPSON (CD-ROM and EPSON EPSON S041064 A4 S041063 Specifications each of light and light 256KB Bidirectional with ESC/P and EPSON Remote EPSON EPSON A6 A6 S041062 S041061 S041067 S041134 S041141 S041140 S041145 S041072 S041071 S041107 S041144-KIT S041144
EPSON Thickness sheets inches) A4 A5 B5 inches) inches) inches) and inches) A4 A6 only) inches inches) A4 inches) A6 with distributed EPSON and iron-on cool inches DL inches C6 inches inches Cards A6 inches distributed EPSON these to F to C) Humidity: to RH and sheets these to F to C) Humidity: to RH Since the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or or EPSON A4 inches; cool only) and distributed EPSON to inch to to to and distributed EPSON EPSON sheets and cool distributed EPSON bond, or to inch to to to
B-R B-L C sheets and B-R B-L C B-L EPSON The top inch of EPSON Quality the top inches BL The inch BR The right inch and inches inch DL inch other C The inch using the This to inch the the the expanded reduced, to text only; photographs or graphics. the first, first. C C B-R Cartridges Black Specification (S020187) (S020193) Color(s) Black yellow, light light capacity* (ISO/IEC coverage Cartridge years from and within months of C F) to F to C) month F C) to C to F) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) The often the head. The thaws and hours F C). To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. the the Mechanical feed Friction with of capacity Width: inches Depth: inches Height: inches Width: inches Depth: inches inches without the EPSON EPSON (W) 2.1(D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H)
EPSON Operation to F to C) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) hours F C) to RH to RH (without Specification 120V 240V 99V to 132V 198V to 264V Rated to to Rated 0.4A 05.A) 0.2A (ISO IT with Phase to Phase 220240V UL CSA EMC FCC Interfaces interface Specification IEEE-1284 Synchronization STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector Amphenol or EPSON Specification IEEE-1284 Amphenol or Synchronization to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 interface Based RS-423 Synchronization Synchronous X-ON/X-OFF and DTR Word Parity Connector Recommended II (preferably brand) USB interface Specification Based Universal Specifications Revision Universal Class Definition Devices NRZI USB Recommended or
Cartridges the First light light light flashing the the or flashing light flashes, or light to the Cartridge instructions. flashing the the lights flash, internal flashing information. indications or off off flashing or flashing or flashing flashing flashing flashing flashing flashing flashing cleaning light flashes, the Turn off the the (including torn off then the Turn the and the button. To light or incorrectly loaded. the and then the and lights and the and lights of the head. information. flashing light the Then the grounded the turned off (the Dont outlet that turned off switch or or the as to the supply. the and the cover. Press the light flashes and the lights The to the or off. switch, such as switch. the the EPSON EPSON to the The and
EPSON the from their Then the of the top. Dont off the or the clear the of the You the yellow from the top or permanently the as shown with the facing and the back of the Then the they If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with cleaning to charging the then the cover. Press the light flashes and the finished. Charging about The Dont off the or the charging or than necessary. Charging finished when the light flashing and light the hasnt or than off the while the EPSON the Loading the the right than of and the right Then the the Dont higher than the arrow the to this arrow the right Testing the You to whether the from the or other If the the software or the interface or If the correctly, with both the and turned off. the interface from the the button, then and release the the holding the the light to flash, then release The its ROM counter and (as shown the off the the interface and and
to choose the and software. The below the EPSON and the each EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Quality Quality EPSON EPSON Loading and Dont cleaning included with they the The following the type of the and the the facing to the arrow the sheets and to their as as information. If included protective sheets, cover the of with these sheets within year of purchase; and within months. If corner, the right the Its to the the software when with corner. of the or other thick the thickness to the as shown below. the to the EPSON EPSON
EPSON Cartridge light flashing or (If these when both lights off the cleans the heads, as Cleaning the Head You when the these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020187 S020193 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. Follow these to the turned and then the cover. cleaning and about three seconds the head and the Press the light flashing. To the the head hand. the The from its the of the and of If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the from its EPSON or the of the top as shown below. Dont off the or to the clear the You the yellow from the top of the or permanently the clear from the of the the its with the facing and the back of the Then the Dont the or to with Once cant If to the other through to cleaning and the cover. The the head and charging the The Press the light flashes, and the sounds. Charging about finished, the light flashing and light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the the yellow
Outdated Cartridge If than months and as as they to, to the If cleaning and the head, or both Follow these to the or the turned and then the cover. and three seconds the head to the and the Press the light flashing. To the the head hand. the The from its the of the and of If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the from its the of the top as shown below. Dont off the or to the clear the the Its to least once month to light flashing or the You the yellow from the top of the or permanently the clear from the of the the its with the facing and the back of the Then the Dont the or to with Once cant If to the other through to Press the The the head and charging the The light flashes and the sounds. Charging about finished, the light flashing and light flashing, the hasnt or than turn off the while the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head clean You clean the head of the following the Head Cleaning software (when connected to the EPSON EPSON and the cover.
EPSON the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning the turned and both the and and Access the Click the or the You the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning which the and the light flashing, to the and the cleaning the light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the the and or Confirmation (Macintosh). Then Next The the If the completely, If the Clean to If the cleaning or three the the Follow these to the head: the turned and both the and cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning which the and the Press the light flashing, to the and the cleaning the light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the If connected directly to the to EPSON lights off light flashes. lights off light flashes. If and containing and Then to and the Click the or the (Macintosh). You the the the and Next The the the below If the completely, If the Clean to If the cleaning or three the the the It should something this: and straight should with the If If as shown below, the head Cleaning the Head instructions.
the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head Follow these the turned and loaded. thats least inches This from the and the EPSON the whenever the head and Access the Click the or the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the screen to Select the from the choices the the of the following the instructions the Cleaning the To its should Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the Dont or the Transporting the If to its Follow these Turn the and the head the right Then off the To the when the the from the Then the interface from the from the and the the and the the and the using the protective that with the that with to the as If the the head Cleaning the Head the head the Head Related TM-750/1200 EPSON Service PL-STYPHO750 EPSON CPD-7783 EPSON CPD-7782 EPSON ESP7500199 EPSON EPSON EPSON