PM EPSON and to the that earned of its awards! specially coated to with that when of immediately them. There smearing or and and smooth. of Bright white with Perfect charts, art, and and quality, of Perfect of snapshots, art, and the back of EPSON and information. Quality bright white sheets with the highest-gloss finish. Perfect professional quality, high-resolution photographs of Iron-On Cool and photographs or other cloth items. Perfect t-shirts, crafts, and
basics.book AM EPSON COLOR Professional the business graphics, photographs, and You from reports and to and with The with these features: to and smoothest and text or of Great including and High About Software The software CD-ROM includes the software and You cant without The EPSON and includes of easy editing options. EPSON COLOR information about
basics.book AM If software from CD-ROM, the instructions. If to the the CD-ROM and the following: or NT Click and type :\EPSON (where CD-ROM Then OK the Then type :\EPSON (where CD-ROM and OK Double-click the EPSON About To and its software, the This instructions with or with DOS software from the troubleshooting basic about with, or troubleshooting EPSON COLOR instructions
basics.book AM Notes, and Please follow these to to to Notes information about hints
basics.book AM To and its software with PC, should IBM PC with least or NT or DOS, Microsoft or NT At least 16MB of RAM (32MB or or 64MB NT recommended) At least 50MB of (100MB recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or recommended) the software high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to the D-SUB, and the USB to with USB shielded USB AB interface from to to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction.
basics.book AM To and its software with should One of the following LC475, LC575, LC630 or Performa or USB only) or or recommended) USB with or At least 16MB of RAM (32MB recommended) At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) RGB or CD-ROM or recommended) the software II or DIN recommended; EPSON F2V024-06) USB to shielded USB AB interface from to to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction.
basics.book AM NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, printers, and to reduce caused Ready EPSON Year Ready. the other of ready the right cover thickness
basics.book AM Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively: Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating or sunlight. or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the as specifically this to service the yourself. Dont switch off the or the the light off. the off using the
basics.book AM the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions the or the of the If off with and If it them immediately with of the reach of the or to them. This to the head. Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of them. this this the the off the light flashes then the or off the to the the the the head the right and the light off.
basics.book AM EPSON COLOR operating and whether the or CD-ROM If already the EPSON COLOR to and when software, the following to the and NT Click to EPSON and EPSON COLOR The automatically. and the 900DOC.PDF If the the and the 900DOC.PDF the 900DOC.PDF and The automatically.
basics.book AM If the to the software CD-ROM CD-ROM Then follow the instructions below operating and NT Click and type :\EPSON (where CD-ROM At the then and the selecting the options the the automatically, To the EPSON COLOR from CD-ROM to the the :\MANUAL directory (where CD-ROM and the 900DOC.PDF Copy the to directory If from the CD-ROM to the and Then type :\ACROBAT\16BIT\ACRO16.EXE (where CD-ROM the software CD-ROM CD-ROM To the EPSON COLOR from CD-ROM to the 900DOC.PDF to the location of choice. If from the CD-ROM to Double-click the to
basics.book AM this and First There to through topics, which or displayed To topic If the hand, the topic hotyou to clicking once. the the section the of the to to the topic of choice. Click the the to the section. the arrow buttons the or the the right of the to through (The to the of the displays the If information, and the Previous Next
basics.book AM from to what to to basic as or photographfrom the to selecting to Follow the instructions operating these with below with instructions such as EPSON or instructions to Custom and the Advanced software CD-ROM includes with instructions. To the the To the the EPSON ArcSoft then EPSON
basics.book AM with and turned of with the and the right Then the the the than the arrow the If using or the top of the the first. the only right to this arrow and to the and You the (the slightly selected EPSON COLOR selected. If If or that instead; then the
basics.book AM If and to If or button, Then the or the the If necessary, the to the shown below: or NT Quality/Speed Quality/Speed
basics.book AM the following the to (If type of the as instructions to to the option to This the to of of the Quality/Speed to the Quality This selects high (The types. You higher the Advanced [More instructions.) Click the the top of the to the of or orientation. and Printable with
basics.book AM Click the with to reduce or of or Click OK the Click OK to the appears and shows the of You or as necessary. NT information the EPSON COLOR instructions the Reduce/Enlarge, and
basics.book AM with and turned of with the and the right Then the the the than the arrow the If or the top of the the first. the only right to this arrow and to the and choose You this: Choose and Then OK
basics.book AM the and choose You the the following the to (If type of as instructions to to the option to This the to of of the Quality/Speed to the Quality This selects high (The types. You higher the Advanced instructions.) Quality/Speed
basics.book AM Click the to reduce or of or Click the Background to or Click the then the that appears, to and other Click the The to the
basics.book AM Click to If turned background the EPSON to the You or as necessary. currently to Click to or information the EPSON COLOR instructions the Custom EPSON COLOR software includes with options of or imagessuch as photographs, graphics, and These the type of and operating and the and choose. You the Advanced to as
basics.book AM Follow these to with types: or software. Access the as with or with Macintosh Choose the to (If which to choose, Selecting the Correct Choose or Black Click Custom Advanced and then Custom You the of types. NT Click Custom then to of Click Custom then to of Click Advanced then to of
basics.book AM Choose the right and following these PhotoEnhance3 NT, or or PhotoEnhance or and the and brightness. with or Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and rough of text ICM and only): created ICM with recommended with created such as those the World ColorSync only): Automatically to closely match the the and to or necessary On Macintosh, or the and the boxes. finished, OK then other buttons or (Macintosh). choose and type. with the or choose. with PhotoEnhance3 or PhotoEnhance and
basics.book AM the Advanced and effects. You as them whenever information, EPSON COLOR or software. Then the as with or with Macintosh Click Custom and then the Advanced Advanced then the More You the Advanced More NT of these options or other choose Click to Quality of these options or other choose Click to Quality
basics.book AM Choose the and to These the as the selected the You them as Choose of the following Quality options low-resolution rough Normal or high-speed, high-quality high-resolution the highest-resolution Choose of the following options: Select when text only. photographic each with the around Dithering or other that of bright Choose of the following options: MicroWeave This option selected or the Quality choose and MicroWeave to (light High fast, bidirectional of with ironed-on correctly. graphics, and art with and memory. The Quality the choose.
basics.book AM Select (the operating choose the of from to other software). You then individually the of Brightness, Contrast, and and increase or the amount of and to PhotoEnhance3 NT, or or PhotoEnhance or the photograph the to the of or using Correction and the Sharpness ICM Matching; and only) created ICM with recommended only with created using such as those the World ColorSync only): Automatically to closely match the Select other to the software. Click OK then other buttons that or (Macintosh). instructions softwares EPSON COLOR them as group. Then them whenever Click the Advanced and OK. the
basics.book AM the and To EPSON included free the EPSON that with Then follow the instructions below to and EPSON of EPSON and information, the back cover. instructions EPSON EPSON COLOR EPSON EPSON includes and 6-inch You EPSON to photographs that as as the from processing. EPSON 6-inch around the and the photoextend to the of the paperon A4 inches) and inches) the following when EPSON the with the whiter facing to sheets of 6-inch, or or of included the To their them resealable or other airtight covering and them from heat, and sunlight. to the as as If follow the instructions with or with to and the to as the
basics.book AM If using 6-inch follow these the the right with the facing and the perforated as shown: You to of 6-inch the included and beneath the them. the the of the the software, to inches. You softwares Reduce/Enlarge as EPSON COLOR Choose as the Choose as the and as the Printable the back and forth the perforations and tear the off.
basics.book AM You to the first and it the right and the as shown You each or try Select as the and choose the as the the software. the thickness to the when or other thick as shown the to the
basics.book AM Selecting the Correct to about choosing the software. the below which to choose. EPSON COLOR this Select this sheets or EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON If that with cleaning the cleaning sheet with the Quality Quality
basics.book AM with DOS To with DOS, to follow the selecting each necessary. If to the head, the as Selecting If the EPSON COLOR from software of the other EPSON ESC/P These the EPSON COLOR such as or Choose the first from the following only: LQ-870/1170 LQ-570 SQ-870/1070 LQ-850 LQ-500 and EPSON PRO EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR II LQ-860 LQ-2550
basics.book AM includes that active whenever the These functions such as and they to the to to them. If to the the The below the Font Selects the T, H, Pitch the character pitch switches bidirectional text and graphics both only. both graphics and character Loading If to increase the of this to If the top with software, that to the software the feed, and character If software these features, should them with the Others
basics.book AM I/F You to the I/F that and properly. selects the interface that and that interface the of the Allows to the without the interface of the type of interface I/F selected as the I/F option, the interface timeout to seconds or seconds. The from another interface from the interface the I/F Network I/F If connected to this off. If to the with another this this the though the the isnt turning off the I/F the interface this to If it to Normal. USB, Optional seconds, seconds On Normal
basics.book AM Software the type of to to the If ESC/P the EPSON ESC/P If IBM X24E, the operates as IBM X24E. If EPSON ESC/P This allow to the advanced and graphics CR (IBM only) when IBM X24E as the Software If CR the (CR LF) whenever the the right If this off, the characters the right and linewrap CR command. AGM (IBM only) when IBM X24E as the Software AGM the high-resolution graphics commands. The the each (CR) (LF) If text unexpectedly double-spaced, this to If text top of each other, to On. The character with allows to easily distinguish O and ESC/P IBM X24E On On On with
basics.book AM Character Character the characters and The based the selected character the To the the buttons; the lights selections. the turned off and the cleaning and the to the The of and summary and instructions. It instructs to the that (English, Spanish, or cleaning the lights the of choice. Press the to the and instructions the selected. The instructions include that of the and the lights appear each selection. the instruction to the from the Press the Italic, PC437, PC850, PC860, PC861, PC863, PC865, BRASCII, ISO PC858, ISO other Italic, PC437, PC437 PC850, PC852, PC853, PC855, PC857, PC866, PC869, MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO 1T, PC774, ISO PC866 LAT, PC866 UKR, PCAPTEC, PC708, PC720, PCAR864, PC860, PC861, PC863, PC865, BRASCII, ISO PC858, ISO
basics.book AM turning off the If to the and the indicated with arrows. Selecting built-in character EPSON EPSON to the EPSON to Helvetica EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON To the You turning off the them The selections with software selections. software to and proportionally spaced only. of the character might to with EPSON and EPSON these selected character with EPSON
basics.book AM Scalable Fonts The of the T, and selected from to through software or ESC/P command. the that with information selecting the of the If from DOS applications, operationssuch as the and cleaning the headsas to follow the this section to the head to the Head with the DOS To this follow these the software CD-ROM :\SETUP the DOS (If CD-ROM or the the Then and follow the the to the head
basics.book AM the type C :\EPCALIB2 (where C Then The following appears: EPSON COLOR selected. Click Next then follow the the to the head. the Head the If the head that with follow these to the head. that or the to the Then release both buttons. While holding the light flashes about three seconds. While flashing, the The The of instructions English, Spanish, and explaining to the heads. Follow these instructions. the head, off the to head cleaning the isnt while the light flashing, the If this off the and and If the
basics.book AM Network as the following and If or and other users to the to to: the connected to the the to the each following the the software the that the the instructions. the Click to and Double-click Network then the and Click the to to allow others to to printer(s) and OK the Network OK This section to as To directly to without as shared
basics.book AM the Right-click the EPSON COLOR then the Click the Shared Then and as and OK Click to and Right-click the EPSON COLOR and choose Click the Click the then to specify the network to the to the OK If the or CD-ROM appears, the CD-ROM the CD-ROM then follow the the If appears to Then the and with To from DOS as as the instead of Select the the then specify its path. Select then OK.
basics.book AM NT This section to that other the to the as shared the to which the connected. Then, the to the from each to the and the software those computers. as Shared Follow these to that connected directly to with others Click to and Select then the This section written users If network and would to choose from the
basics.book AM Click Shared and the Click OK Accessing the Through Network To from another the follow these On each from which to the to and Double-click the as the to which directly connected from another
basics.book AM Click Network then Next Double-click the of the that directly connected to the Then the Click OK and follow the on-screen instructions. to with the
basics.book AM This section to the that it to the software the the following the instructions the Then, the the Chooser. Selecting the the Chooser Turn the Chooser from the Apple and the SC 900(AT) If the to of the connected to the selected appears the right. Click the assigned to the EPSON COLOR Click the Background to background or off. the Chooser.
basics.book AM Software If CD-ROM the or software from EPSON, as the section. Once follow the to the software. Software You software from EPSON phone or and where or the ready to software, Download: EPSON to and Downloads (FTP) EPSON FTP to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the America CompuServe Click Services. then type EPSONFOR the EPSON Download Service software to parity, and of Then the EPSON BBS If downloading instructions, FaxAdvice service and to supply the software The and bonus software and NT the software CD-ROM.
basics.book AM the following information to EPSON and Street P.O. please) City, State and ZIP (VISA, MasterCard, or American Card and to the credit purchase (EPSON COLOR NT or from AM to PM through Software from Follow the instructions operating the sections below. and NT Software connected to the and that both off. Turn and the Turn
basics.book AM IMPORTANT: If connected the and that and to ALWAYS You software that the EPSON software Click and type (where Then OK Follow the instructions the to the software. the software, through to from its software appear the EPSON and the EPSON COLOR as ready to with instructions. Software connected to the and applications. the EPSON software From the :\SETUP (where the of and OK Follow the instructions to the software. software appear the EPSON and the EPSON COLOR as ready to with instructions.
basics.book AM Software and turned off. Turn and the then the EPSON software If necessary, the to the Then the Click Click and follow the on-screen instructions to Then software, the Chooser. If connected to the or to with off Click the SC then the the Turn background to Then the Chooser. ready to with instructions.
basics.book AM This section the to to its and to follow the instructions this chapter cleaning the head the head the EPSON COLOR as Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head You clean the head of the following the Head Cleaning software (when the connected to as the buttons, as finished cleaning the head. If that with cleaning the cleaning with the
basics.book AM the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning the turned and both the lights off. Access the as with or with Macintosh Click the or the On the the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning which the and the light flashes. light flashing, to the and the cleaning the the and or Confirmation Then Next The the If the completely, If the Clean to the head If cleaning or three the Quality off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than and
basics.book AM the Follow these to the head: the and both the lights off. cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning which the and the Press the light flashes. light flashing, to the and the cleaning the If connected directly to the to If using DOS or and containing and Then to and the as with or with Macintosh Click the or the You the the the Check and Next The the the If the completely, If the Clean to clean the head If cleaning or three the Quality off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than and
basics.book AM the the It should something this: and straight should with the If If as shown to the right, the head instructions. Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to You empty. the You using EPSON COLOR these EPSON within months of them and the the Black T003011 T005011 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty.
basics.book AM or EPSON (U.S. only). www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please If to the lights the too follow the instructions Outdated Cartridge and Cartridges light flashing or (If these when both lights off, the cleans the heads as You when the Follow these to the from its the yellow of the top as shown to the right. Dont off the or to the clear the the turned and then the cover. cleaning and about three seconds the head and the Press the light flashing. The head to the or which empty. or You the yellow from the top of the or permanently the clear from the of the the yellow
basics.book AM the The from its the of the and of the its with the facing and the back of the Press the If to the other through with cleaning and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes, and the sounds. Charging about finished, the The light flashing and To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with light the hasnt or than off the while the
basics.book AM Outdated Cartridge If than months to You that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or both light flashing or Follow these to the the from its the of the top as shown below. Dont off the or to the clear the the turned and then the cover. and three seconds the head to the to the and the Press the light flashing. the head to the If to only the the the You the from the top of the or permanently the clear from the of the To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant it or
basics.book AM the The from its the of the and of the its with the facing and the back of the Press the The head to the If to the through Then with Press the and the cover. Press the The the head and charging the The light flashes and the sounds. light flashing and Charging about finished, the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than
basics.book AM the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head utility. If DOS, follow the instructions instead. Follow these the turned and loaded. Access the as or Click the or the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to and the thats least inches This from the and the EPSON the whenever the head
basics.book AM Cleaning the To its should clean Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the and or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the
basics.book AM Transporting the If to its Follow these Turn the and the head the right Then off the the from the Then the from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the the and the the protective that with the sheet that with to the as If the the head the head To the when the to the the its location.
basics.book AM This section the basics and First below to what the of the Then and to and software There the Troubleshooting section of EPSON COLOR If of the EPSON or Where To You checking the lights, as below. It helpful to instructions. Checking the Lights light light light cleaning
basics.book AM Follow these when the lights or flash: The flashes the the light flashes, supply or light to the instructions. or flash, and and and the lights flash, internal the as the Then off the seconds, and If the lights or or EPSON; information. off the lights off, the these light when the and ready to It flashes when the or operation, such as cleaning the head. light flashes, Turn off the and of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the to the Then the light or incorrectly loaded. of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the to the Press the to the and lights of the head. Turn off the seconds, and back If off the the and If the lights or or EPSON; information. the turned Turn off the the securely, and the the switch or and lights and the and
basics.book AM You to whether the from the or other Follow these to the both the and turned off. the interface from the the holding the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and the shown below. To the off the the Then the interface and and If the satisfactory, the software the interface or If the correctly, with First cleaning the head Then the and information. thats least inches This from the and then and release the the
basics.book AM and basic troubleshooting software, or quality. the or Its Software If the and the The first the its Please charging finished (the light turn off the If off the while charging the the and than necessary. the completely and that the If when or while If the software follow the instructions the software the turned and the securely connected to the and closed other applications, including Then the software If using the or NT ECP/DMA should or instructions.
basics.book AM If appear the Chooser (Macintosh) conflicts. GX the EPSON and SC and then You too items the Chooser. items and the Chooser If cant the USB USB that the Universal properly the If properly, recommended USB as If USB the to the first of the or the to the USB directly. If to USB software the Click to and Then and the You should the EPSON USB Devices listed. Click the to the should EPSON USB (EPUSB:1) listed. If cant the when If software, then choose to instructions software. Once background turned EPSON COLOR
basics.book AM Quality If the head clogged. To the head, the matches the loaded. the of the It the whiter or of the If light flashing, the If than months to or instructions. the thickness the as shown to the right. the thickness to the when thicker or If the head clogged. To clean the head, the Head instructions. the thickness If the thicker or and the thickness to the
basics.book AM If or smeared isnt or (the should If of with or or the specifications EPSON COLOR the Head instructions. the thickness If the thicker or and smear. the thickness to the as shown the facing If or the the head clogged. To the head, isnt or If of with the The usually whiter or
basics.book AM If incorrect or the to the head clogged. To the head, the or too If light flashing, the If than months to or instructions. exactly match on-screen to as as information softwares EPSON COLOR If incorrect characters interface securely connected. that the both to and the from selected as the or as the or as the the Chooser. to EPSON COLOR instructions selecting the or To the Chooser, the If using higher the Quality/Speed to the Quality software; or (Macintosh) instructions. the Head instructions. You to increase the or software instructions.
basics.book AM Uninstalling Software If to and software, follow the operating Uninstalling or NT Software Double-click the then the Double-click Click EPSON Software the Click the and follow the instructions If to also. right-click the the bottom-right of the and Stop to off background Then follow through selecting EPSON the to If with USB to the EPSON USB software also. Follow through selecting EPSON USB the To software, the If and then the software or NT and then If using with USB and then the EPSON USB software.
basics.book AM Uninstalling Software Double-click the then the Double-click Select EPSON COLOR the and the button. To software, the Uninstalling Software the software CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON At the On the the arrow the showing and Click the the of the the software the then To software, the to
basics.book AM Where To EPSON technical through telephone services and services hours as the following Automated telephone services Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice SM EPSON FaxAdvice technical information You to this service. EPSON Service services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP EPSON Download Service EPSON CompuServe to commonly about EPSON products hours the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the user anonymous and as the You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. to of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America introductory CompuServe membership, and
basics.book AM To to technical representative, U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and AM to PM or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON COLOR Product (located the back of the of the You purchase and from EPSON (U.S. only). www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please If another software with EPSON the that software technical information.
basics.book AM rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON and ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SoundAdvice service and EPSON FaxAdvice of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc. Printed with least Copyright Notice
basics.book AM This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. FCC United States WARNING
PM to EPSON and To EPSON and other or EPSON (U.S. only). www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please Cartridges these EPSON and them within months of them and the the Black T003011 T005011 EPSON EPSON S041060 EPSON High Quality S041111 EPSON Quality S041062 EPSON Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 EPSON inches S041134 EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON S041064 EPSON Quality A4 inches) S041106 EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153/S041155 A4 inches) S041059 A4 inches) S041117 A4 inches) S041061 S041067 inches S041122 S041141 A4 inches) S041140 inches) S041145 A6 inches) A6 inches) A4 inches) S041071 A6 inches) S041107 A4 inches) S041063 S041144-KIT S041144