thickness Specifications Printable and to head cleaning head cleaning Character Character pitch Printable (characters inch) cover condensed) condensed) graphics inches) CR (inches second) MicroWeave) 32KB Bidirectional with and graphics ESC/P and expanded graphics IBM X24E EPSON command Character and graphics character Character international character and character EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON from to and four and EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR (characters second) Normal (LQ) and You other pitch using ESC/P commands.
EPSON COLOR The the with software You to the internal allow to Thickness inches) A4 A5 B5 inches) inches) inches) and inches) A4 A6 only) A4 distributed EPSON inches, DL inches, C6 inches, Cards A6 inches inches Notes: Since the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or or and only these to 77F to 25C) Humidity: to RH and sheets these to 86F to 30C) Humidity: to RH EPSON COLOR to to to inch to and and distributed EPSON and distributed EPSON and to inch to to inch to to to bond, or to inch to distributed inch EPSON
B-L B-R sheet The top inch sheets of the top inches BL The inch BR The right inch and inch other inches inch DL inch C6 C The inch Cartridges Black (S020108) (S020089) Color(s) Black and yellow Capacity* (A4 text Normal (A4 Normal each (ISO/IEC Cartridge years from and to within months F C) to F to C)1 month F C) Transit to F to C) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) (W) 2.1(D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) (W) (D) (H) The often the head cleaning function. Also, graphics and text with white The thaws and approximately hours F C). C B-L Envelope EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR B-R C the first first. To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. the the
EPSON COLOR Mechanical feed Friction with sheet rear of Width: inches Depth: inches inches Width: inches Depth: inches inches when inches inches when without the Specification to to Rated to to Rated 0.4A 0.2A (ISO/IEC to F to C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) Operation to RH to RH (without EPSON COLOR UL with D3, CSA with D3 EMC FCC CSA C108.8 DOS If the EPSON COLOR from software of the other EPSON ESC/P Choose the first from the following Black only LQ-870/1170 LQ-570(+)/1070(+) SQ-870/1070 LQ-850 LQ-500 and EPSON PRO EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR II LQ-860 LQ-2550 cleaning cleaning light light light light
The four lights the and to the light flashes the Turn off the and Then the the light or incorrectly loaded. the and then the light flashes supply light to the the light flashes the or operation. the and lights and the other lights the lights internal Testing the You to whether the from the or the If the satisfactory, the software the interface or If the correctly, with Follow these to the both the and off. Disconnect the interface from the the Press the and while the to the buttons the light to flash. The and of and To the off the You the to know to the to technical Follow these to the turned off and the the cover. the and the cleaning and the The the top of and then or from as The the You the following from the Font T, H, Pitch I/F Option I/F seconds, seconds Software ESC/P IBM X24E CR (IBM only) On AGM (IBM only) On Character PC437, PC850, PC860, PC861, PC863, PC865, BRASCII, ISO U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, On Network I/F On Loading Others On I/F Normal Follow these to the the turned off and loaded. the cleaning and the The summary of instructions and choosing the to instructions. EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR
EPSON COLOR Press the cleaning to of and instructions. the the off to the The them from to from the or choose from the You then choose which to the of and other options. The that jobwhether to or of software. If using NT, software EPSON software NT. from Applications Follow these to from or other software: Click the or choose or from the You EPSON COLOR selected, and then the or (You to of these buttons.) You the following: Click to of types. EPSON COLOR Click the and the option to This the to of of Choose the to The type of or other choose the or choosing the highest to of the photo the EPSON Choose or Black the to Quality or This choose the or the highest the (The types.) If necessary, the and choose of and If software these to the Click OK when finished The If Apply and the the OK, or Print. You to of these buttons. through software the apply to the If to the applications, the through the option or the software closed If to and then them to the Follow these Click information. Click to and then to Right-click the EPSON COLOR Select Then the You the become the and
Follow these Double-click the the group. Double-click the Select EPSON COLOR from the of and You the become the and from to the each You then the or choose from the You that choose which to the of and other options. The that jobwhether to or of software. Follow these to from or other software: Choose from the You the Choose and other options and OK. Choose from the or the You the following: Click to of types. Choose the of and which to the option to This the to of of Click information about Choose the to choosing Choose or Black the to Quality or Speed. This choose the or the highest the Click when finished If chose background when while software includes the and The when to the It allows to the background while to and to to If that the The which when to the It displays the right of to about and as the The the To while the that appears the or the of EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR the highest to of the On the with cant them from to another. to each If to templates applications. The
EPSON COLOR To the the the EPSON or You the to software temporary the C:\TEMP or C:\WINDOWS\TEMP or directory, and assigns to The software then the to the right The displays the of and and them. of the things or release to or Select the information to the the from appearing whenever directory EPSON COLOR If of Follow these to the as Click then the and and the Directory If when try to or directory. Follow these directory where to C:\SPLTEMP. the as EPSON COLOR selected, and then choose from the The appears. the directory to the created this (If the when Then OK. Choose Directory from the the the directory to the created Then OK. the The displays when to the to Follow these Access the as Click the Click the You the with the the the amount of information about the the section. If the appear the to bidirectional Follow these Click to and then to
Right-click the EPSON COLOR Select Then the Click this turned Then OK. the While the EPSON appears the right of The of the appears Click to Click to This shows the of and the of If of while the You the buttons to or The appears and Click to The the of the shows with these software includes and If background when to the It background while to and that to printed. The to that You to The to while background and If to this to background the Chooser and increase the memory Follow these to background and the the Chooser from the Apple and EPSON COLOR selected. Background On and the Chooser. Select EPSON within the Choose Info from the EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR The occured. ready to The or empty. the or light the and the necessary.
EPSON COLOR the Memory to or RAM. While the EPSON the Application the right of the You the following: currently You and or this to the the You the to the of and to the software about Follow these Choose from the or the You the Click the Click the The software the amount of the and displays the Click to Click to and EPSON COLOR If to and the You the following when these appear. when these appear. Choose the options and OK. Network PC You or other operating to using softwares built-in or the LPT redirection If to interface board instructions. built-in the from to directory network These then from another attached to the to and the directory to this the connected to the (the to each the to specify the and to the the Follow these to the connected to the the EPSON (EPSPLMGR.EXE the \WINDOWS\SYSTEM or directory). this the the as
the the to The appears. Click the Remote and then the from option. Click the and the directory that Click OK and the Remote Follow these to the the EPSON (EPSPLMGR.EXE the \WINDOWS\SYSTEM or directory). the as the the to The appears. Click the to button. Click the and the directory the Click OK and the Network Path If to to the and the connected to the Follow these Double-click Computer. Double-click the Right-click the EPSON COLOR and choose Click the Click the then specify the to the and OK. the as the The appears. the this option checked. Then OK. Network If to to of the optional interface boards: the LocalTalk board or the Ethernet board. information about optional interfaces. Then the EPSON and the Chooser. The EPSON with the other software. to the Follow these to the EPSON Double-click the EPSON Click the EPSON the Select the where located. New type to distinguish from other the Click and then the turned and then follow these to the Chooser from the Apple Click the EPSON Stylus(AT) Select the to of connected to the selected appears the right. Click the assigned to EPSON COLOR You to choice. Click OK. If appear, the and correctly connected, then RETRY. To compatibility, Background turned off. the Chooser when finished. EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR
EPSON COLOR Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020108 S020089 the light to with the off and then back choose Black as the software. Empty Cartridge You when the or light flashing or the turned and Then follow these To the the heads hand. which to replaced. the and the cover. Then the and cleaning buttons to the the cover. EPSON COLOR cleaning cleaning Press the or cleaning and three seconds. If the cleaning when light flashing or the cleans the heads, as If to the lights the too follow the instructions The heads slightly and the light flashing. (The heads to their to within seconds.) the (Although the shows the the the the Dont the or to with Once cant The from its the of the and of Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with Follow the the section to the
the New Cartridge Once the to the Follow these the from its the yellow as shown: You the yellow from the top of the leaving the permanently the clear from the of the the its with the facing and the arrow to the back of the Press the If to the other follow the Removing Empty Cartridge, and then through the New Cartridge. Press the and the cover. The the heads and charging the the charging seconds the The light flashes, and the sounds. Charging about finished, Outdated Cartridge If than months to You that as as they to. If cleaning and the heads, or both Follow these to the or light flashing or the turned and the and the cover. Then the and cleaning buttons to the the cover. Press both the and cleaning buttons and them seconds the heads to the To the follow the instructions with To the the cleaning and it seconds. the to the follow the instructions with Loading the the and the EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR Dont off the while the light flashing, the or than To the the heads hand.
EPSON COLOR of and then the the with the the the right Dont the arrow the the back the of to about choosing the and software. The following the EPSON and the to choose each EPSON and their EPSON A4 S041059 S041060 EPSON Coated EPSON High Quality S041111 Quality EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Quality A4 S041126 Quality S041124 EPSON COLOR arrow S041060 S041061 S041062 S041067 EPSON and their EPSON Quality A4 S041071 Quality S041072 EPSON High Quality S041072 EPSON Iron-On S041001, S041002 EPSON A4 S041063 S041064 EPSON Quality Cards (A6) EPSON S041054 Card (A6) EPSON Quality A4 S041106 The type of or other of the factors the of the highest when EPSON Quality The following the type of or other Preprinted Forms, and the facing that to correctly; follow instructions the sheets the and the the top first. the as shown below: S041054 S041121 S041122 Quality
EPSON High Quality and Quality Dont the cleaning that included with they the You to the arrow the If than to the arrow EPSON Quality and or with the or sheet beneath the You to of and to of or within year of purchase. and within months. sheets and to their as as With sheets loaded, the top inches If to top and each from the immediately printed. each To the and the the back of the as shown: You to as shown below: If smears when or other thick the thickness to the the cover and the as shown below. Then the cover and the to the other the thickness to smears when or cards. EPSON Quality Cards You these to photographs that as as the from processing. the thickness to the as shown You to the included the cards. ready to software to the option the EPSON Quality these to or You EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR
EPSON COLOR EPSON Iron-On includes Then the text correctly when You the option software. You or this and then to T-shirts or other cloth items. sheet of follow the instructions that with the to the the or other Cleaning the Heads If unexpectedly light or or from the to clean the heads. This the they properly. Cleaning the heads them only You the heads of the following With the Head Cleaning software (when the rather than the buttons the Head Cleaning Follow these to the from or the turned and the and lights off. Access the Click the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the Head Cleaning Dont off the while the light flashing, the or than Follow the instructions the to or both heads. Cleaning each head about which the and the light flashes. the light flashing, to EPSON COLOR the and or Confirmation (Macintosh. If the the To Clean the Heads Follow these to clean the heads using the buttons: the turned and and that the and lights off. the cover. Press the or cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about which the and the light flashes. the light flashing, the other head necessary. finished cleaning and the light flashing, to Access the Click the or the You the Click the the section instructions examining the If the the the cleaning the heads. It should something this, with the and yellow: Each and straight should with the If If the heads as the previous
the Heads If to the heads. You the heads of the following With the Head software (when the rather than the buttons the Head Follow these to the from or the turned and loaded. thats least inches This from the and Access the Click the or the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to and the the To the Heads Follow these to the heads the buttons: the turned off and loaded. the cover. the and the cleaning and the Then release the buttons. The instruction that to the heads. Follow the instructions the finished, turn off the to the Cleaning the To its should following these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the clean and with Clean the of the with cloth. the cover closed Clean of the with cloth. Optional Interfaces EPSON COLOR includes both and interfaces. You to PC or or both the If to to another or to optional interface board. You the following interface boards of interface C823051 PC 32KB C832071 PC 32KB C823101 PC LocalTalk C823121 C823151 PC Coax C823141 PC Ethernet C823461 Macintosh/PC Interface Boards If to the board, LocalTalk Connector (DIN-8 to the interface the and the other to the the Macintosh. Then the LocalTalk the boxes. information, the instructions that with the If the Ethernet connected to thin (10BASE2) and the the the to The Ethernet included the EPSON Ethernet board, the EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the Dont or the
EPSON COLOR the PC Interface the interface follow the instructions that with the board and parity. to information about matching the boards to You to the boards and other Optional Interfaces optional interface board the turned off and the lights off. Then follow these the from the outlet (and from the back of the To or the interface when the connected to Turn the around that its back and interface cross-head screwdriver to the screws the shield to the interface then off the to both screws; to them when the shield to switches and the board. the interface boards If board JG, that to or the board properly. EPSON COLOR the interface board the both of the to the boards the internal the interface board the with the screws included with the interface board. the interface to the interface and to If the grounding wire, to of the screws the interface. Also, using than the other interface the off. Then the cord. the the interface through interface board, to the I/F (interface) instructions. To the interface board, follow the Information Reference Notices Product Technical Information
Related TM-STYCLR800 EPSON COLOR Service PL-STYCLR800 EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR CPD4457 Software EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR
EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR