Print. Without CPD-17732R2 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX
to and LCD Turn or off these buttons to through options Press to Memory (catches to (CD-R, or memory back or Memory light (flashes when reading when EXT/IF (USB) PictBridge or optional Bluetooth USB You the T5570) with everything to of and Cartridge. You purchase these The Carrying ARC1B), the right and The Bluetooth C12C824142) wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled PDA, or to or the please information, offers, and related www.MyPictureMate.com.
The and follow these them the to or and from easy-to-use, photo TM whenever and wherever as as they memory and ready to light and PictureMate.book PM Then them To them to CD or choose and memory Introduction to the Photography them back the the and With the Since back and them from memory Clear the Memory Card
and that TM built To P.I.M.- P.I.M. (PRINT www.printimagematching.com. Matching Bluetooth PDA, or wirelessly to You If Bluetooth the optional From the the with becomes with these features: PictureMate.book PM these with Supported JPEG or TIFF only from to TIFF JPEG which chose; which to while the memory Format), Then, when the If DPOF required. You right from DPOF Crop and the first memory (USB Direct the to and or USB DP right from If PictBridge
information where to the Where to and to and (this to memory It covers Cartridge, of to from other Without directly from the and troubleshoot PictureMate.book PM Where to Information With It to the software PC, and to To with or The on-screen the information and instructions CD
the top of the clicks to and the Follow these to to and memory PictureMate.book PM the right with the Edge Dont this the to the back and Then the and the the tight that cant information. to smearing. the the when to allow to through. to the back and
TM Card TM PictureMate.book PM On to turn Press the memory the as shown the memory the right of this Memory Card the the TM TM SD TM MMC TM Memory TM Memory TM Memory PRO TM TM Memory PRO Memory Memory Card light the light the memory Memory II) TM CompactFlash
showing the The offers to Then, choose the to selecting the from the 6-inch the memory the with this With the ready to memory the light flashing, then the straight of the sheet of the using the below). Choose and from the PictureMate.book PM of the following: Memory Card If the and If appear, If DPOF the top of the instead, If of selected or of Press then choose and choose as the while the light
You should or the as the includes to might sheets of the of Choose and With the PictureMate.book PM to Press You choose the option to of the selecting the that or to or appear or this You to and to You already the currently Press instead and already You with PictBridge or USB DP to choose to
photo to (from the to highlight the of the OK then to choose or Press OK Press while of and OK to If If than to the to to as 6-inch Press PictureMate.book PM to choose the of to that to then OK or Press If OK too the photo. to quickly. or the To the and the One option from the To than of to once
If the Confirmation off, the once to and to to sheets) and If than to when the OK to If to to The shows the selected and the of each. (You and each to or to selected PictureMate.book PM the To the and To the and to the when To from the If chose the photo, Highlight the selected and OK to the as To To the of OK and selections, through selected then to or Confirm choices to selecting If to the
You sheet of choose from or and then choose the Sheet the of of choices such as and with and choose layouts, to (such as of Choose and PictureMate.book PM from the and when You the To off the the If the the The appears. To from the and memory then the following: Select the of Select to the Additionally, through the and white or or the or Confirm selections and Choose
and the the then follow the below the option memory Select to highlight then or OK Press This the 6-inch of the the the and the You to PictureMate.book PM Select The option choose which to to highlight then or OK Press choose of cardfor through and choose or Several each. One photo. to to the of of that pre-selected DPOF DPOF.
Select to choose then or OK Press Several Select to highlight then or OK Press PictureMate.book PM One to highlight the then OK to choose or Press to highlight Several then or OK Press to highlight the photo to then OK or Press to highlight One then or OK Press to quickly. or to to the of
of from memory through Selecting Follow the below to choose (or to choose each photo. of to choose the of to that to then OK or Press shows selected and the of to and The or each. (Press selected If OK too the photo. PictureMate.book PM the first and the then the to follow these to highlight then or OK Press If chose the photo, Highlight the selected and OK to If to the of OK and the as to highlight then OK or Press If to choose and to to selections and to If to choose
Format), it to which and to to choose with DPOF, then memory If DPOF reads Camera-Selected DPOF From choose the to choose the first OK first.) Then or Press PictureMate.book PM to quickly. or Select appears as the option. The that DPOF If chosen chose selected, including the of With DPOF to choose the To Then OK or Press to to the of 6-inch selected To choose to DPOF
DPOF appears only chose while the memory that or of the of to You from to of selected photo. the of If to with the off DPOF OK and then choose option. Select to highlight DPOF If selected and to choose other or to PictureMate.book PM DPOF DPOF of each the cant If Several already chose the from the (You choose to photo when Several.) selecting the to highlight then OK or selected from and the cant If DPOF the of from the If DPOF and to and or follow these to highlight or Select then OK On the to highlight DPOF then OK or Press
to highlight the OK photo(s), then or Press You four choices: to highlight the of to each to then or OK Press PictureMate.book PM with the section to selections and To or Wallet To the photo(s), the section. to to selections and to choose or On the then OK Choose
The Confirmation to Effects, Crop, or other the More the OK and to If to the or or and to other options white; the selected of and the Confirmation to or (Press Once the ready to PictureMate.book PM Confirm and Press to If the correct, photo(s). while of If than to To to back. If the Confirmation off, the
brownish tone, old-fashioned You and white or tone without the photo. Black and White or and white or tone The More as follows: PictureMate.book PM More With to highlight or More then OK On the Select the photo(s). Crop and only of photo the and/or with Correct or to highlight Effects then or OK Press The this section or the that These the photo they appear the Confirmation
You of the that You choose only to The Confirmation the Effects Crop If to other You the Confirmation Black and White to choose or OK then or Press This or PictureMate.book PM Follow the below to template of template with the as photo, to and choose to (If already to highlight or More OK then On the Choose the to If Confirmation turned off, this the selected of and the Confirmation to selected or (Press To to back. to If the correct, photo(s).
Choose the the to Crop OK to highlight then or Press to the chose from the then OK or Press Crop Template to highlight OK then or Press to the with of the options. Press PictureMate.book PM Confirm the selected. This or The the each or photo. You template each photo to as reference Crop
This information chooses this information that P.I.M. or reproduction. to choose of the or Press selections the If to other Confirmation and information about the Confirmation Automatically PictureMate.book PM this this that too too bright, or or with Prints as or P.I.M. P.I.M. or This seconds or off. Press OK to highlight or More then OK On the or the appearance of the photo(s). selections the If to other Confirmation and information about the Confirmation Correct to highlight then or OK Press
off the to choose or Press to highlight or More OK then On the You the and/or originally to the right of PictureMate.book PM the or Select the photo(s). to highlight or then OK To the Press OK to highlight or To the then OK
selecting ready to the selected of and the Confirmation to selected or (Press Confirm and Press off the PictureMate.book PM to choose or Press 12-hour 24-hour to If the correct, photo(s). If Confirmation turned off, this The the appear the Confirmation selections the If to other Confirmation and information about the Confirmation These seconds or turn off. Press OK while than sheets. the and OK to If If than to to To to back.
memory the of If about www.mypicturemate.com/support of to or when to with You memory to USB You to that directly to PictureMate.book PM to If CD-R/RW or required. and photo to of these: directly to and the on-screen to With instructions the memory as and or You to to CD-R/RW (CD-R only) or 750MB) memory (thumb)
or flash memory with If the Not enough memory and CD-R or the CD-R from the to clear the If CD-R the memory memory then the CD-R. Press the to Then CD-R or CD-R/RW or its USB EXT/IF to the the back of the PictureMate.book PM the to or If to the the or Dont the or memory while the this OK memory the EXT/IF the back of
PictureMate.book PM this OK confirmation, the or they You to the or Each If CD-R, The first the the CD-R this Press OK
From such as CD, or memory (thumb) below) From PictBridge- or USB From From or or another such as Bluetooth-enabled or PictureMate.book PM From From Bluetooth-enabled optional Bluetooth From to You directly to with USB then that With and the on-screen You from CD that from should JPEG CDs memory (thumb) the to If to CD, or the back of and when memory memory and the to the memory as You directly to from the memory the on-screen
CD-R, or memory than once, it You If to the this CD or CD or with the memory The light there memory should off. If memory the from the from If connected to or off the PictureMate.book PM to choose the where recently the then OK The or Press CD or USB or memory the EXT/IF the back of
to the back of and the You PictBridge- or USB to to the PictBridge or USB DP.) The light should off. there memory From PictBridge-Enabled counts the then shows of the following If this from the PictureMate.book PM USB to and the EXT/IF the back of If memory the from the from If this from the to
the then second. If the light The Bluetooth light with Bluetooth with Bluetooth the included Bluetooth directly to and then the to from Bluetooth PDA, within about of or other and to as follows: the optional Bluetooth The PDA, or when You wirelessly from Bluetooth- SM the back cover C12C824142) from the with Bluetooth wireless Also, to with While with the Bluetooth the PictureMate.book PM From Bluetooth or Then follow the and the photo. the Bluetooth on-screen to choose with OS while this the Bluetooth to malfunction. the the EXT/IF the back of the top of the Bluetooth instructions or PDAs, Bluetooth and information Bluetooth features, the on-screen automatically.
isnt then the EXT/IF of the PictureMate.book PM Disconnecting the the when its light flashing; this to malfunction.
The T5570) everything to of wherever or from and Cartridge. You that to which photo This section where to and and sheets of or of to the photo this the LCD PictureMate.book PM and If of the from S041727). information, inches only). please or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. You the from the of and the the Cartridge within months and If this while the and the without turning off and the This to from
the the back of the to the front. Once the On to If the off. the the Cartridge PictureMate.book PM the Used Cartridge the to the Release the shown. This releases the the and USB the LCD then connected.
the four or while its Then the the New Cartridge the and of properly. recycling PictureMate.book PM the straight the both to crooked. If immediately from its Dont the board. the using the the Release of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with If or flushing, immediately.
the completely closed. If sticking the and straight. PictureMate.book PM Correct correctly. and If the completely, the the to the back. the right to the If the crooked; and or the USB the cord. If using to Turn back If the correctly,
Press OK to the You showing the Cartridge to highlight then or OK Press the charging the and charging charging You the PictureMate.book PM the Cartridge If the to should to highlight or More OK then On the to highlight then or OK Press
and Follow these to they To scratches or the of the photo. PictureMate.book PM Prints If them with the touching. them or To as as of sunlight to hours Prints to the from high humidity, and bright light. Unused
the and connected USB from the back of should to easy to If to from or other location where of the and too With You PictureMate.book PM the that or with its and the optional Carrying If as the head Dont its the or or from the and the top of the and Then the the LCD then the from the If off. You optional Carrying ARC1B), from the the back cover of this
Confirmation this You to once to to highlight or More then OK On the Turn the or On You these Turn Confirmation or On (below) PictureMate.book PM Preferences to highlight Confirmation then OK or Press that selected Confirmation On and the of and them to their the LCD Screen Turn Confirmation or On to choose On or then or OK Press to Then
to highlight or More OK then On the to highlight then or OK Press to then to first memory the or of The Confirmation or the PictureMate.book PM Turn the or On to choose On or then or OK Press If the memory off the Then whenever to 6-inch of each the memory directly from the the or You the off and back to from the or to from the The Confirmation or the
this OK to LCD to highlight then or OK Press If the LCD to read, the to highlight or More OK then On the PictureMate.book PM the LCD to the then or Press OK to highlight then or OK Press
Confirmation and LCD to the You the Press and seconds. You this PictureMate.book PM the Preferences This the other (such as the or or Press OK to the
to highlight or More then OK On the Follow these to the head: If with or to quality, these and Troubleshooting PictureMate.book PM the Head Clean the Head below to highlight then or OK Press light or or head clogged. If as as to Printout With and Quality Where to Clean the Head Clean Head to highlight OK then or Press
OK If there to the head If there to back to the If and or light or to the head. as as the Head Cleaning seconds, which the Cleaning head. Please appears the OK this to cleaning the head. PictureMate.book PM to highlight or OK then On the sheet of If to to the clean, to cleaning of then OK to the the to there the If to to back to the to highlight then or OK Press Cleaning
to highlight the the OK to then or Press to highlight the the to then OK or Press Head to highlight then or OK Press the straightest. (You to the to which when the Press PictureMate.book PM Press OK to the The appears the of straightest
Cartridge from the service. as Where to that might What to If the If of these heres what to correctly. If the to Purchase and the with PictureMate.book PM What to memory The photo the Format the with supported. the might to the Disconnect the then the and the OK to clear or and this The instructions. that the then and frequently. Turn off seconds, then If the clear, Where to The closed the back of the completely. the both of the and
from once. and with JPEG or TIFF memory memory correctly. charging finishes off, or charge improperly and the charge its head about three The first the turn PictureMate.book PM and the of the and the first memory The head cleaning; The replacing. To the You (light Quality when or awhile. the head clogged. To the head, sounds as though nothing to The head properly or the that the resting the and correctly instructions.
The photo or To the turning or off or the Correct or With the to absorption of and (the should isnt or curled, or If or curled, of with the PictureMate.book PM or smeared. If when the or too thin. the right then the the too If feed, from the tightly). the pulled the the resting and the The should the back of the feed correctly or the isnt or If of with the The or To the The head The head cleaning; instructions. or the If once, the from the the sheets, and the Effects to The head cleaning; Colors photo or
of the to which causing of as the This the If the of photo to the of photo (to the to off. the Crop to The printed. OK If the then to clear the to and the of sheets. the the right tight that cant PictureMate.book PM Dont this The the match the First or ones, to If only the If DPOF, You DPOF to choose other using only to or curling. The head cleaning. Printout The or incorrect. The that the option to the of to If PictBridge- or USB to and from Too If of the other, the correctly the the to the right the the to correct.
please the following information ready: U.S.: to AM PM through and to AM PM To to technical to AM PM through or charges apply. through the services and technical hours telephone services below. information, and technical From the reach At this troubleshooting www.MyPictureMate.com/ and other through World PictureMate.book PM Access Service Where to Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase using Product of the hours To these services, SM tone telephone and of services SoundAdvice. this to the SoundAdvice Automated Telephone Services Carrying and other from includes everything to sheets of and Cartridge. You purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). You purchase which please the or
the of the The properly If the the than inches the back of the and the the that its or or the from the to follow and instructions the instructions to and effectively: the following through the the PictureMate.book PM Instructions Notices enough front of the the to ejected. to and humidity. Also, the and the AC from sunlight, light, or heat the or the to high such as to shock, or On the or off the to the outlet turn the off the the light the that the the head and the the the from or to to the and the AC the or the the known to the State of California to or other WARNING: This chemicals, including lead, supply enough around the to allow type. to to the The memory to with memory (when the memory light flashing). the memory or off the while the and the memory memory with the
cartridge-related information, such as the amount of The IC the of that the and freely. each the because the Doing and the IC the of the LCD Instructions photo of the reach of and the If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or there around the supply when as thorough flushing, immediately. the photo from the this PictureMate.book PM Cartridge Instructions If the them thoroughly with and them immediately with If or thorough flushing, If the If the LCD immediately. These and that the LCD The LCD bright or cloth to the LCD or cleansers. photo or to them. This the head. the immediately from its If using or tear the the this the the the otherwise, reduced within months of from allow to least three hours each photo that the of its cool,
of the covered authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or the of the covered products and the the and to and from the warranty of covered this option, another of and or refurbished to the of and, and back to You warranty. What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered and from workmanship and of year from to the specified which the of the warranty this warranty purchased and operated the of purchase. warrants that the with the the warranty service, only the United States or conforms to the of the of purchase. PictureMate.book PM Inc. Warranty reprinting. This warranty cover to the distributed or This warranty cover or should the to properly caused such as fire, and This warranty This warranty or to function properly as of with products, or service other than What This Warranty Not This warranty from or boards or warranty service ribbons, or third or software interaction should the or or the rating or warranty covers the United States and installation, apply to refurbished or products. This peripheral to the its caused or manufactured, of or services cover or fading of or repaired, to to the service. If service Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of (U.S.) SM or warranty instructions that to the If or its authorized service where the to the of the the to its option, or the without charge freight as or telephone service to whether What To Correct Should the warranty and authorization. service technician the or credit or If authorizes the the U.S. and U.S. please the
purchasing and Cartridge with sheets of that both together and with The of both the Cartridge the The Cartridge about and from WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC., NOR INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON- ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, OTHER LEGAL THEORY. Authorized Servicer. If claimed or reproduced, the incurred. PictureMate.book PM The photo based with of the or and white or than of based of printed, and of with within months of installation. Cartridge. Also, the Cartridge once should with from another There other Cartridge. other reproduction, or or the the used. You which from or to with the You to than with Cartridge. this the apply to This warranty rights and allow warranty and allow the and other rights which from to the or of or include both warranties and America, Inc., P.O. CA
to or reception. there with the instructions, to the interference or of the following turning the off and the to installation. This and and reception, which the Class to of and, and that interference This tested and found to with installation. If this interference to reasonable protection interference the FCC These to FCC United States The Satisfaction covers only of with the within of purchase and of or of the or and UPC from the the US and It cover of If than the or Satisfaction PictureMate.book PM the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician Increase the the and receiver. or the or this to to U.S.A. or the Satisfaction or www.epson.com/ Customer Satisfaction TX P.O. Please follow the following the following items to of this and interference shielded interface with this If It the responsibility of the to and this than interface WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC which the established the FCC this completed Satisfaction from the Pack. UPC of Copy of
interference received, including interference that interference, and this operation. computers, with the and office industry to the introduction of and to reduce efficiency. NERGY TAR that this the The EPA office NERGY TAR caused NERGY TAR of Product: NERGY TAR B271A connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the NMB-003 This Class with ICES-003. PictureMate.book PM with 47CFR and of the FCC as the tested and found to with Class to expected to within the accepted, to and testing responsibility that the as 47CFR to the following this the Records to the Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and According to 47CFR, and Class with Class Computers: CA Telephone: Airport MS: Located America, Inc. Declaration of Conformity
and photocopiers, copying of copyrighted those as as people each to and of the copyright when copying and reprinting of copyrighted While and and Concerning the of Copyrighted reproduced, or or mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of this information as with this of Corporation. The information rights of this publication to other or incurred purchaser or or unauthorized repairs, or third as of: or of this Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. PictureMate.book PM Copyright Notice SoundAdvice, and service of America, Inc. respective owners. and rights those and of their Notice: Other Matching, and the PRINT Matching and PRINT of Corporation. The EPA of or service. products other than those as Corporation Products or Products or from the of options or Corporation. America, Inc.
Turn or off Press to Memory (catches to photo and LCD these buttons to through options photo You the T5570) with everything to sheets of and Cartridge. to (CD-R, or memory back or You purchase these Memory light (flashes when reading when The Carrying ARC1B), the right and The Bluetooth C12C824142) wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled PDA, or to EXT/IF (USB) PictBridge or optional Bluetooth USB or the please information, offers, and related www.MyPictureMate.com.
Print. CPD-17732R2 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX Without