without Introduction Instructions Copyright Notice Information................................................................... to and Functions Functions Selecting Loading Copying the Copying Copying from Memory Card Memory Card................................................................. Selecting and from Connecting and Cartridges................................................................... Checking and Cleaning the Head the Head Cleaning This Product........................................................................ Transporting This Product................................................................... and Contacting Customer Support......................................................... English
Where to Information without (this to this first. This to the and the software. It includes instructions and This information to the without such as instructions copying and from memory If the the chapter this This instructions and from and information the software. This included the software CD-ROM and when the software. To this the built each included the software CD-ROM. It information the
Introduction Instructions this and follow these instructions: the that with the of another fire or shock. the with other the the type of indicated the the outlet where the easily the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the or cover the or through the the or heating or sunlight. the that its It properly or the back of the least from the the while copying, or scanning. the products that or around the Doing fire. as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. or the its or otherwise from the to when closing the instructions of the reach of children and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with If or immediately. the or immediately Leaving the head and the from If the from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding Introduction English
and Notes Follow these as instructions: Warning: followed to to to Notes information about the hints the Copyright Notice of this reproduced, or or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON STYLUS and of Corporation. USB DIRECT-PRINT and the USB DIRECT-PRINT of Corporation. Copyright Corporation. rights DPOF of CANON INC., Company, and Introduction SDHC Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, and Memory PRO of Corporation. Card of Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights Information the and LCD the purchased the Text LCD Text displayed. text or with displayed.
to and Functions LCD memory cover memory cover interface USB memory light AC USB to and Functions thickness English cover
Functions Text to and Functions Function Copy Press to the Press to the to to or black-and-white or to the and Press to or Press to the type the On Press to the and off. C Memory Card Press to memory option. Press to from You them as they or with restoration. Press to the of the the You or A4 Stop/Clear Press to or the The and the of Press to copying, or the selected. Select this option to photo the o to Select this option to reduce or the to the selected Press to the of or to the when the Head Utility. Heavyweight Bright White Select Select this option to choose the to PictBridge Select this option to the memory to the DPOF information the memory or to directly from Index Sheet Select this option to of the memory from Index this option to the selected the
LCD The displays of the selected or displays that with the buttons. Text If the inactive the LCD screen and lights, the On light, to Press On to the to its previous LCD If to LCD follow these Press the to the the or to Press the the or to the LCD You choose from to brighter Press the to selection. Press the to to the LCD text There of LCD Follow these to Press the to the the or to Press the the or to the options. Press the to selection. Press the to to the previous to and Functions Pictographic: the LCD English: (Text and displayed the LCD English
offers of that when with and The type of choose affects the to the Selecting If or rough of the to of the to the the This the to the Choose from these and A4 Bright White A4 A4 A4 A4 A4 A4 A4 sheets -Heavyweight You with of to The of location. Loading Capacity sheets sheets Loading and the the and the the
the as shown the following the back. The often whiter or brighter than the other the fits the arrow the and the thickness to the The LCD that the and the or than the recommended of the to matches the type of Selecting A4 English
Copying You and without the following when copying: The exactly the as the the type of used, the top and of the or these smeared. If while copying the expended, or and the the clean. the or the otherwise, the of that printed; automatically. the the and the the corner. Copying the cover the the cover where and heavy top of the If to thick or the cover. and straight If to the while too and to the cover the back the Copying text and of the Selecting
A4 the the the following the Text Press the Copy the or to the of to Text the or to or black-and-white Copy Black-and- White Copy Text Select Select A4 If to the to the of that loaded, the Copy the shown below the LCD Text Press the copied. If to copying, the Stop/Clear button. If the of the off, the from the slightly. Selecting If to and high quality, Alternatively, to high Photo Press the to the the or to Copy Quality Press the the or to Normal or Text Press the to selection. Press the to to the previous Normal: This selected when the This the text this to and Photo: Select this to high English Copying
Copying the the You than the Copying the following the Text Press the the or to the restoration to or off Restoring Press the The and displayed the LCD scanning, of the following displayed. Text Copying Text the or to the the or to the of Select the type loaded. If or without the loaded. Press the copied. If to copying, the Stop/Clear If the of the off, the from the slightly.
Restoring If that them back to with restoration when them. photo the that correctly the You than the Copying Press the the or to the to or off. Restoration Text Press the The scanned, and displayed the LCD the shown below displayed the top of the LCD the or to the the or to the of to the type loaded. Select the loaded. Press the If to copying, the Stop/Clear On Copying each photo vertically as shown the below. You If the of the copying them from the of the when each photo least from the You the as as they than and the Copying
from Memory Card You directly from memory the memory and ready to Memory Card Compatible memory the following Card type CompactFlash, SD Memory Card, SDHC Memory Card, Memory Stick, Memory PRO, Memory Stick, Memory Memory Memory PRO Card, Card Card DCF or JPEG with the to of to memory Turn off or from the the turned the memory cover. from Memory Card the memory light off and memory the Then memory memory light CompactFlash Card Card Card
SD Memory Card SDHC Memory Card Memory Memory PRO Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory required) required) which the should and the the the to the from the the memory light flashes and then the memory cover. than memory to force the memory the Memory the Forcing memory the the the memory or both. the memory cover closed while memory This protects the memory and the from and otherwise the memory or the The charge memory malfunction. You from memory and white. If connected to the memory the memory finished. the memory cover. the memory light flashing. the memory straight of its the memory cover. the memory or off the while the memory light flashing, or the memory If or XP, off the or the USB when memory the memory from Memory Card English
memory Text Select Prints the that choose. Prints the PictBridge or the with DPOF information. Prints of the from Prints the Sheet selected the selected Follow the below to the to from memory the type of to enough sheets the of to memory Press the C Memory Card the Select light Text from Memory Card If DPOF, to the to and the of or DPOF the this: the or to the or to the of Select the type loaded. If the with white If or the without to the of the Select the loaded. Press the printed. If to the Stop/Clear or DPOF Follow the below to of each photo the or to those that pre-selected with DPOF the type of to enough the of to memory Press the C Memory Card the All/PictBridge light Text
If memory DPOF information, of the following displayed. You of the the when All/PictBridge selected. To the the memory the DPOF information from Text Select the type loaded. If the with white If or the without to the of the Select the loaded. Press the printed. If to the Stop/Clear the Follow the below to the they Press the the or to Press the button. the or to the to The options or Press the to selection. Press the to to the from Memory Card English
from You directly to this and the following Direct PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT JPEG to Connecting and the from the type of to enough the of to Select the type loaded. If the with white If or the without to the of the Select the loaded. the USB that with to the interface USB of the from turned The All/PictBridge light and of the following displayed. PictBridge USB DIRECT-PRINT Text to the to and photos. If with PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT, of the following displayed. the of Text the the and the of type, and supported. of the reflected the
You the of the its the this chapter. Also, this section includes instructions to and the Cartridges the shown below the of the LCD Text or copying, showing which to the Text expended, the following LCD displayed. If than months If necessary, try cleaning the head Checking the head If their to the Checking the Follow these to Press the the or to Press the You graphic showing the checking the the Press the to to the You expended. the or of If the displayed. Purchasing the within months of them and the Black T0711 T0731 T0712 T0732 T0713 T0733 T0714 T0734 the of The of that covered warranties, and the or of Information about the displayed when used. DX6000 CX5900 English
Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or immediately. To the the head hand. expended, copying or the other the obtained the the head IC each the amount of from the Cartridges they and each the their reliability. with when and Once the of the following: If expended: the LCD to which should replaced, then the If expended: the Checking the Press the the or to Cartridges Then the Press the and then the the when the cover One of the following displayed. Text the cover. to the cover when the head the to the to the highlighted below.
the to the the back of the and straight of the Other products that covered warranties, and the four or Then from the the the of the This the the from the of the You the from the otherwise, or to If without the the of the the and then the from the of the otherwise, the become or tear the the otherwise, the the with the Then the clicks other that to replaced. the cover and clicks If to the cover, the seated. Press each hear to force the cover closed. English
the Press the the of the following LCD displayed. Text This about the charging finishes, to the Copy off the charging as this Checking and Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or light or the to the head. This clears the head which become the that the least once month to Checking the head You to head clogged, or to the cleaning the head. the Press the button. the or to and then the to the the printed. should with as shown. If the head to cleaned Press the to to the If as shown below, the head as the section.
Cleaning the head Follow these to the head properly. cleaning the head, to the head cleaning Checking the head head cleaning only If the LCD that or the head. You first the indicated the turned Press the the or to Clean Head and then the to cleaning. cleaning, of the following displayed. Text turn off the while head cleaning You cleaning finishes, to the Checking the head If there or the another cleaning and the If cleaning about four off the and overnight. This Then cleaning the head If of the or and to the Head If that properly the to this the head. You the head the buttons, or the Head from the the recommended. Press the the or to Head and then the to the the Stop/Clear while and the patch that printed, with noticeable or Press the or the that patch displayed the LCD Press the to each of the other Press the to to the previous English
Cleaning This Product To the of the its using the following the cord. from the to and from the If the of the dirty, clean with cloth. If the with grease or other hard-to-remove amount of and cloth to off If the of the with cloth to the off the indicated the Warning: to the or the the of the with force. to scratch or the of the and or to the apply grease to the the head or thinner to clean the These chemicals the as as the to from the and copying and the of the with the or service Transporting This Product If to the to its or of or the vertically, or turning otherwise from the the the the from the and the off. the and the head the the right. the to the with as shown. the the from the then the USB from the the and the the the the protective that with the as the the head. If cleaning Checking and Cleaning the Head or the head the Head
If with the the the LCD to what causing the You and troubleshooting using the without the included the software CD-ROM the with You and the the LCD If the checking the the following and the recommended LCD Text The the Cartridges expended. The or correctly. the Then to or the Stop/Clear to Loading Clean the then The correctly. The the correctly, and incorrectly. Selecting from the The match the the memory the correctly Cartridges the correctly the the top of with the of the Then to or Stop/Clear to The correctly. the and Selecting and the memory and the to the sheet -or the the Then to or Stop/Clear to English
LCD Text occurred that the correctly and try photo the with Cartridges Not enough to head cleaning. There with the Turn the off and then back If the clear, Contacting Customer the to Contacting Customer the memory Memory Card The memory the memory Memory Card Memory the and from The connected The thickness the thickness to the and to the memory and Memory memory Card If the to the If the to the
and the below the The the protective the head. releasing the head, off the then back The the charging finished, then turn off the If off too the turn the seated securely and protective the the cover and the they Turn off the then back that to the finishing the software installation. The software correctly. and the CD-ROM, and then the software and copying The sounds, nothing The head cleaning Checking the head the The incorrect. the top of the If the of the off, the from the slightly. the the loaded. first, the to the right, with the lightly the Loading the arrow the Loading printed. the the loaded. The head cleaning Cleaning the head feed feed correctly or If feed, from the the the right and the the too tightly). the front of the the arrow the Loading If the or the the LCD Follow these to clear the Press the to the If the ejected, to the If the near the or then the If the the the On to off. the and including torn backward; this the the then the back If frequently, the too tightly the sheets of You (light or English
Clean the head Checking the head the type Selecting the (whiter or of the The and the head the Head Clean the Cleaning This Product or smeared. the the If only of the or warped. the or curled, or face-down (the whiter or should with or from the too the head the Head without the only recommended and the thickness to the types. If the to the Clean the Cleaning This Product or Clean the head Cleaning the head If to the head the Head The or the Cartridges the type Selecting dirty, or face-down. If with the whiter or If or copying photo, too the head the Head You incorrect or Clean the head Cleaning the head The or the Cartridges the right and selected the the The or incorrect. the right and selected the the the correctly the the Clean the Cleaning This Product Other off the the The of then automatically. This malfunction.
Contacting Customer services If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased Customer to them the following information: Product (The usually the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with information the URL Warranty information to EPSON Customer URL Telephone URL Telephone Select the section of EPSON the and other downloadables. Thailand URL Telephone Telephone URL Telephone/ Telephone URL URL URL FAX URL English
Warning Text The expended. the The the correctly. the Clear then the button. Index the correctly. the correctly. Index The match the the memory the memory photo Not enough to head cleaning. with Mechanical the saturated. Text Information Text the the memory the memory Memory the memory thickness the thickness correctly. memory PictBridge connected. USB DIRECT-PRINT connected.
Text Common Text Copy Text thickness PC connected. (when Copying/printing copying. B&W copying. Text Memory Card Text Text Copying/printing B&W to from the and then the DPOF found. Restoration Restoration off. English
You the Press the to this You Press the to this Text Clean head. You the head. Press the to this Copy Quality You the Press the to this Text Quality You the photo. Press the to this Normal Text users Cartridges. You the Press the to this Press the and then the the and then the head. You the head. Press the to this Text head head LCD You the LCD Press the to this You the Press the to this only displayed the LCD and text the LCD
English
Purchasing Product Black Yellow DX6000 T0711 T0712 T0713 T0714 CX5900 T0731 T0732 T0733 T0734