Photoshop CS2 The following instructions through the of through Photoshop CS2 operating with the to ICC as as ICC ICC Profiles Download or the ICC to or other location Right the ICC and Thats ICC Profiles Download or the ICC to Copy the to the following HD/Library/Colorsync/Profiles to within the to this They with the DTG, the followed the type used), the finishing with the should the to. This o o and the the should to mooth DTG7898_Frd777Cnvs_Canvas.icc This or using Black there MK referenced the C and the the should to Please of the ED. ED and these really as of the otherwise. of ICC created DPI otherwise noted the of the Please to the following from Photoshop CS2 operating Group, Inc. FL DTG Learning Photoshop CS2
Photoshop CS2 Photoshop and the to At this that of corrections to the that and that to the to the and choose with Preview... Group, Inc. FL DTG Learning Photoshop CS2
Photoshop CS2 selected with Preview, Photoshops Notice that or within the (usually the below, the roughly inches inches clipped the Therefore, to Click the that and other Group, Inc. FL DTG Learning Photoshop CS2
Photoshop CS2 clicked the previous the to the right Click the button. the the below selected the Click the Group, Inc. FL DTG Learning Photoshop CS2
Photoshop CS2 the the previous the as shown below. and this quality, and Select the type. This You to choose the type that matches the the ICC that Please to of this further information. Quality to Quality Once options the to or the reads the High option and Edge Smoothing or the Section Select the NOT Click OK Group, Inc. FL DTG Learning Photoshop CS2
Photoshop CS2 On this You from or this inches inches Click the to the the Section. Please that choosing to the of the of that the You to or enough that fits the of the that trying to Group, Inc. FL DTG Learning Photoshop CS2
Photoshop CS2 Once the brought to the following where Click the and the from to that to the of the that creating. this height. Click the Click OK Group, Inc. FL DTG Learning Photoshop CS2
Photoshop CS2 Notice that the created showing the finished with this Click OK Group, Inc. FL DTG Learning Photoshop CS2
Photoshop CS2 the OK the back to the to the right. Click the OK the previous OK the below Click the OK Group, Inc. FL DTG Learning Photoshop CS2
Photoshop CS2 Once OK the back to Photoshops Notice that or off that selected the this from the the preview. The choices and Choose Photoshop Colors from the Choose the ICC from the This to and the or to. the below to with 575WR Choose or Either choice subtly the or Blackpoint Compensation. Click the Group, Inc. FL DTG Learning Photoshop CS2
Photoshop CS2 Once Print, as shown below. Click OK. Group, Inc. FL DTG Learning Photoshop CS2
Photoshop CS2 that this helpful to If further please hesitate to DTG You Group, Inc. FL DTG Learning Photoshop CS2