head thickness interface cover switch High-capacity cut-sheet (C806871) to of single-sheet or the without reloading. If the cut-sheet both as cut-sheet cut-sheet (C806791) to sheets of ordinary single-sheet and with the high-capacity cut-sheet to to with 8.5-inch that with Optional Interface Cards You optional interface to built-in interface and compatibility. The EPSON the below with Card type C823051 interface C823071 32KB interface C823121 LocalTalk interface C823141 Coax interface C823151 interface C823452 IEEE-1284 bidirectional) interface C823622A type C823642A TX type with AC If the C823051 optional interface to the to of the following: or EPSON EPSON
EPSON Specifications Mechanical High-speed Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected software commands. 1/6-inch or 1/360-inch Printable Friction (front (rear entry) Cut-sheet (optional) (optional) Continuous inches EPSON LQ LQ 1/6-inch High-capacity cut-sheet to of to or to to head) Acoustic (A) (ISO and Height inches Ribbon Black (S015016) The thickness of the to inch cut-sheet to sheets of The thickness of the to inch MTBF POH duty) head inches LQ-680: Ribbon characters (LQ, dots/character)
Interfaces One bidirectional interface with IEEE and optional interface 64KB EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON OCR-B EPSON EPSON Orator-S EPSON C Character One and graphical character graphical character countries) Character character and character to to Rated to to Rated the character type) (ISO/IEC EPSON to EPSON to (every EPSON to EPSON to EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET to the character type) to F to C) to RH to F to C) to RH Ordinary sheets: front and cut-sheet to inches to Cut-sheet to inches to to inches to High-capacity cut-sheet to inches to cut-sheet to inches to Thickness to inch to Cut-sheet to inch to to to Cut-sheet to to EPSON EPSON (without and and as follows: to F to C) to RH that or or curled.
EPSON Single-sheet front and high-capacity cut-sheet to inches to High-capacity cut-sheet to inches to top to inches to to inches to High capacity cut-sheet to inches to to Thickness to inch to to to the top or of High-capacity cut-sheet the top of front and high-capacity cut-sheet inches inches Thickness to inch to to to Postcards: front and high-capacity cut-sheet to inches to to to Thickness inch with optional inches Thickness to inch to to to and to inches to to inches to to EPSON Thickness to inch to Perforated to inch to to to to and/or both The ratio of the the perforation should and The thickness of the perforation when should or The perforation should the to the of the the should or the and perforation intersect, inch and below the perforation and inch and right of the perforation. Continuous with and of the as to Thickness to inch to to inch inches inch to inches to to inches to thickness to inch to thickness to inch to
Printable and The top inch and from cut-sheet it inch The and right inch each. The inches than inches the increase proportionally to match the of the C There and The top and and below the perforation inch The and right inch The inches than inches the increase proportionally to match the of the C C with The top from the perforation to the inch The and right inch The inches C The from the to the perforation inch UL CSA C22.2 EMI FCC CSA C108.8 EN EMI EN (CISPR AS/NZS CE Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN EN EPSON EPSON C
EPSON and Lights Font Selects the Font lights Indicate which selected. and off. light On when both the Font and buttons the clears its and its Source and lights Select Tear Off/Special Advances to the tear-off from the tear-off to the top-of-form or Tear Off/Special lights the tear-off o the o the temporarily, and when seconds, EPSON light On when the Flashes when the or when the head overheated. LF/FF when Ejects or to the top-of-form when of Ejects of when loaded. Loads from the to the the seconds, the the this the LF/FF buttons to the top-of-form or tear-off light On when the selected or correctly. Flashes when ejected or occurred. You using the lights the If and or lights or flashing, or the the following to and the State of lights The and Press the to The cover the cover and the
State of lights the selected Continuous back to the The to switch of or other The head overheated. Tear Font flashing of (three of The once when the function the Then the to off the light, necessary. The correctly. and Then the to off the light, necessary. the Clear the as Tear off the the perforation; then the The the to the Press the to off the light. of ejected. Press the to the Then the to off the light, necessary. the Clear the as from the and clear the as Then the selection. the once the head unknown occurred. Turn off the and off then turn the If the EPSON. The EPSON with the with or NT It allows to when and troubleshooting instructions. Selecting Source The of through four tractor, optional cut-sheet or optional The should the type of to The following shows which to each type. type Continuous Continuous Single-sheet You this type with this You this type with this You only single-sheet that the top of the EPSON EPSON Optional cut-sheet Tractor only) only) only) Optional
EPSON the Source the to the the to Choose from three Select Tractor when using the tractor. to sheets using the or optional cut-sheet or when the optional Select BIN2 to the or optional cut-sheet or when the optional the Thickness You to the thickness to match the thickness of There from to It to of This the to match the thickness each that slowed. If the type of every to the thickness to the as the following This EPSON AUTO thickness type Ordinary or sheets or or to thin such as or thick or If the thickness to or higher, to the back to the ordinary the Tear-off Function finished the tear-off function to the tractor to the tear-off of the and tear off the sheets. the back to the that normally You the tear-off function Press the Tear the the or the EPSON to tear-off. the information.) If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the the Tear-off the tear-off function to feed backward; they off their and the
the Tear You the Tear Off/Special to to the tear-off as follows: finished. Then the Tear the lights the flashing. The the to the tear-off Tear off the tear-off If the perforation with the the tear-off the the Tear-off the the back to the top-of-form and (You manually feed the back to the top-of-form the to the Tear-off the tear-off function the or the EPSON the to the tear-off when The to the tear-off when of or and then three seconds. instructions to the tear-off function, the or the EPSON the While using the or the the correctly the advanced, tear off and You the tear-off when the while sheets. Removing Continuous tear-off the tear-off function. Press the to the of the and the To completely from the the covers. the from the tractor and then the covers. with to including the You or carbon-backed the thickness to the You the ordinary instructions, the You backed with The of the than that of the when the The thickness of this thicker than the the thickness to the both the and the the the Thickness and the information. You the ordinary instructions, the EPSON EPSON carbon-interleaved that software the within the of the forms. the of the head. information, Printable
EPSON that software the within the of the forms. the of the head. information, Printable feed with the Load/Eject or Tear Off/Special buttons. Doing or to the To from the first tear off the the Then the LF/FF to the of the selecting choose mounted sheets with with tractor. single-sheet because the to and properly. the ordinary and the thickness to the or manually to throughput. the Thickness that software the within the the of the head. feed with the Tear Off/Special easily off their and the To from the first tear off the the Then the LF/FF to the of the to and humidity, them only operating the they to and off their and the when EPSON Single-Sheet single-sheet with to including the You or carbon-backed using the carbon-interleaved the thickness to the as or to the You single-sheet the ordinary instructions, the that software the within the of the the of the head. information single-sheet the of the only from the from the optional cut-sheet You of them the from the or with the optional cut-sheet the thickness to or the as the Then Envelope the Tear Off/Special first. that software the within the the of the head. information Printable only operating information the
You of postcards, them the from the or with the optional cut-sheet instructions sheets, the the thickness to or Then Card the Tear Off/Special the top first. Card when the thickness to or or higher the postcards, that software the within the the of the head. information, the specifications operating The allows to or 1/180-inch You this to the and tear-off the Loading The the of the the If appears too high or the the with the below. Top software to the with the If necessary, the software. the turned If necessary, the cover the or single-sheet (Press the to from the or from the optional cut-sheet the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the to the the front of the or the Press the LF/FF to the the rear. The to the where release the buttons. If to the top and the top of the the that the top of the with the the as shown below. the the to off both single-sheet and off the EPSON EPSON from the front (from the the LF/FF the the top of the from the rear (from the cut-sheet or the tractor), the LF/FF the the of the The and If to the these the and the the reaches the factory-set the and feeding the factory as reference when the
EPSON the The the the where the head You the temporarily the as the below. the or off the that the If the to the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the If necessary, the cover to the and the LF/FF to or the to backward. correctly, the to off and the Tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the to the perforation to the tear-off as follows: both Tear lights flashing (the the tear-off You to the Tear the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the to or the Load/Eject Press the LF/FF to feed backward, the perforation with the tear-off EPSON The and tear-off If to the tear-off these the and the Tear off the Press the to off the the back to the top-of-form and tear-off off the Clearing Turn off the If of the the cover. If from the the the If the tear off the supply the perforation the Turn the from to the the of the to clear when the turned off; otherwise, the or the top-of-form or tear-off the necessary, and the cover. Then the cover. Turn the the and lights off.
or the Ribbon Cartridge EPSON recommends using EPSON Ribbon Cartridges (S015016). You to the head when or the If the the head cool proceeding. the turned off. the cover. The head should the as shown below. It should with the the front If the cover and the to the head to the seconds, then the off and the cover. Following the below while the turned the If already the each of the and the of the the the from its and the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. the with the and the ribbon-tightening facing and the the head. Then the that the both of the the notches the the its and then both of the to the the EPSON EPSON
EPSON Turn the ribbon-tightening to the and to the freely. the cover. The and when the cover the While often the through software or to from the the The below the and options this inches: perforation On, tear-off On, On, Software ESC/P2 IBM High On I/F Optional I/F seconds seconds I/F bidirectional On CR (IBM On, A.G.M. (IBM On, EPSON Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO other Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO 1T, PC ISO PC LAT, PC UKR, PC APTEC, PC PC PC AR864, PC PC863, PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO PC International character U.S.A Germany, U.K., Italy, Spain1 Font OCR-B, Orator-S, C, second, seconds, seconds On On, These when IBM selected. Follow the below to the and the To the instructions, sheets of or single-sheet or of If sheets without cut-sheet to each the and the turned off. Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the While holding the Font the The the and the selection instructions. If to the Font the Font lights the as the selection instructions. Press the Tear Off/Special to selection and the If to to If to of the the Tear to the instructions (three the selected. Follow these instructions to the the buttons the
finish, turn off the to the The them Bidirectional If that the properly the bidirectional to this To the below, sheets or of that least and inches If without cut-sheet to of each the the and the turned off. off the least seconds turning back otherwise the While holding the the It the bidirectional then instructions and the first of the instructions, the and the with the Follow the instructions to the of and the with the each the the of turn off the and the bidirectional selections automatically. the whether the or the causing You the sheets or and the turned off. Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the To the using the the LF/FF while the To the the the Load/Eject while the the of however, the than the seconds, the the and the of characters printed. To the the to Then off the If the satisfactory, the properly and the from or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the If or to isolate the and software the from the as You sheets or and the turned off. To both the LF/FF and buttons while the software and to the the EPSON EPSON To temporarily the the To the the that least inches (or A4 or sheets). off the least seconds turning back otherwise the
EPSON If characters they appear the right as ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as the characters the right with the of the the the receiving. To the to Then or tear off the and off the Cleaning the the and off. the from the then the interface from the the If tractor or optional cut-sheet installed, to and from the outer and If the or dirty, with clean cloth with the cover closed to from the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the EPSON think EPSON Transporting the If to the and as below. You to the head to the If the the head it cool touching the and off. the from the then the interface from the the If options them and them their boxes. the cover. that the head Then the the and the and them the Related EPSON TM-LQ680 EPSON Service PL-LQ680 EPSON