Copy (this to this as It to the and the of this Reference basic information and scanning, and of the software and the software. Information troubleshooting technical specifications, and with information the and EPSON TWAIN. You the clicking the the Where to Information
One Product rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information contained with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION from interference that from the of interface other than EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, Copy
cover CX output On
Instructions the Functions Lights Items. Selecting Copying Loading the Copy the Table Copying Copy Copy Reduced Margin Copy. Margin Copy Copy Copy Copy Cartridges Cartridge
Checking the Supply. Chapter and Transporting Checking the Head Cleaning the Head the Head Clearing the Transporting this Product. Troubleshooting Chapter Contacting Customer of the Customer Chapter Product Specifications Mechanical Scanning
Instructions Instructions of the instructions this section when and using this choosing this to and humidity. Also, this from sunlight, light, and heat to and enough around this to allow this near where the easily this that this If this the than the back of this and the This properly or this it its or otherwise, from the than the of this and the of the otherwise, this possibly causing injury. choosing the type of indicated the the back of this AC the or cord. If with this that the rating of the the the cord's Also, that the rating of the the If to this Germany, the building protected or to short-circuit protection and over-current protection this Instructions
the them. this of the reach of allow to from or otherwise the when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the IC that located the back of the or tear the the this each that the of its using this this or the or cover the this to service this yourself. this and servicing to service the following The or this this or the cover this normally or performance. the this to this the the the head and this from using the LCD cloth to the or cleansers. If the this If the the LCD and them thoroughly with and the them immediately with or thorough flushing, immediately. Instructions
Chapter the Functions You from the function, (cross-hatch) appear To the the ratio or the of the the On to this the LCD shows the as as the and of Also, and the to the amount of This of the LCD the On Scan the Stop to Top Copy B&W
Function On this and off. Scan EPSON this EPSON TWAIN and EPSON from the software CD and this to the the memory. the of to when the LCD the items the LCD Increase or the of when the LCD B&W Copy Copy Stop copying. The ejected. the and the seconds, of the the memory. the to their when item appears the LCD and the seconds, of the to their item or increases or the when item appears the LCD the function indicated Press the to (indicating function). to the when item appears the LCD
Lights Items This section the items the LCD of the buttons, item appears the LCD You the or increase or its the buttons. the of items each Selecting You to the LCD English, Spanish, or Dutch. Follow the below. Press of the buttons repeatedly appears the LCD Select the buttons. Press the Light On On This Flashing While processing, scanning, charging and cleaning, and On Stop The items appear the selected the
Copy of (Normal Quality&Paper Quality&Paper Quality&Paper Quality&Paper Reduce/Enlarge Reduce/Enlarge Reduce/Enlarge Reduce/Enlarge In/Out In/Out In/Out In/Out Reduced Margin Margin Head Head Head Head Head Cleaning Head Cleaning Head Cleaning Head Cleaning Cartridge Cartridge Cartridge Cartridge Load/Eject Load/Eject Press of the buttons to the Press of the to the the Reduced Margin Copy of (Normal Copy of (Normal Margin Copy of (Normal
of (Normal Quality&Paper Quality&Paper Quality&Paper Reduce/Enlarge Head Cleaning Head Cleaning Head Cleaning Copy of (Normal In/Out Head Head Head Cartridge Cartridge Cartridge Copy the Copy of (Normal
the
Chapter the sections below to Loading the the and the the While holding its locking the that the the slightly than the of of then it to the the of the with the and the right of the resting the right the the as when The right of with the the
the the of the that the the the and the back. Copy Press the Press of the buttons Copy appears the LCD Press of the buttons the appears. Copying enough front of this the to ejected. the first. that the fits the arrow the On to this
the and buttons to the reduce/enlarge and each Copy Press the the Table the cover and the the with the to facing that the properly Stop to to the
the cover that the Copying of to from the of the scanned. the the otherwise the becomes of to the cover to interference from the light. the clean. photographs the of as they to the heavy top of this
Copying Press the of the buttons to the of Press the the Copy the the and then the The exactly the as the While copying appears the LCD indicating or and the immediately. the Copy the of B&W Copy to or the Copy to This copying. B&W Copy or the Copy Copying
Copy This section the of each Copy You the and of the Copy the following the Copying items of to Quality&Paper PQIJ A4* A5 Reduce/Enlarge A4 A5 A5 A4 In/Out to PQIJ Paper-Photo HW A4 A4 A4
Reduced Margin Copy You with the Reduced Margin Copy the following items of to Quality&Paper PQIJ A4* A5 Reduce/Enlarge A4 A5 A5 A4 In/Out to the The the of the or the smeared. If the expected the Copy PQIJ Paper-Photo HW A4 A4 A4 Copying
Copy You that covers the of the Copy the following the Copying items of to Quality&Paper PQIJ PQIJ Paper-Photo A4* Reduce/Enlarge A4 A4 In/Out to The the of the or the smeared. If the expected the Copy this the to slightly than the the of the that the of the copied. HW A4 A4 A4
Margin Copy You with around of the the Margin Copy the following items of to Quality&Paper PQIJ PQIJ Paper-Photo A4* Reduce/Enlarge A4 A4 In/Out to the The the of the or the smeared. If the expected the Copy HW A4 A4 A4 Copying
Copy You the of Iron-On Cool from right to the Copy the following the Copying items of to Quality&Paper Iron-on A4 Reduce/Enlarge In/Out to
Copy You of of the Copy the following items of to Quality Copying
Copy You of of the Copy the following Copying items Quality A4
Chapter Cartridges Cartridge Warning: when the as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. The light and inform when to ready, and when to the of the this and the On light flashing. the empty: to the to which empty, and then the the Press of the buttons appears the LCD and then which Press of the buttons Cartridge appears the LCD and then the The head to the and the Copy Copy Cartridges
the Cartridges the with the the head hand. Doing this the the head
the as as The partly of the the and then of properly. the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. Cartridges
the from its protective and then only the from the Cartridges
You the from the otherwise, the becomes and copying If without the yellow the and the the and then this the of the from the top of the otherwise, the head become and copying the from the of the otherwise, the to this immediately following the of to promptly the the head to and to function properly. the IC the of the otherwise, operation and copying If to temporarily from this to the supply of the Cartridges this
the the that they resting the from the of the as illustrated below. Cartridges from and the the as this the that as shown the (the that the of the should appear the top of the The the supply to that released. recommended. the supply of the or its surrounding
the firmly the The head and charging The On light flashes the On light flashing, charging completed. off this while the On light flashing. Doing charging of Warning: of the reach of allow to from or otherwise the This with IC The IC the amount of each and of its used. each the this its reliability. becomes empty, copying the other copying, the Cartridges
to copying, the following operations: head cleaning, self-cleaning when this turned and charging when the this EPSON the of EPSON Other products EPSON to this covered warranties. Checking the You the amount of the the Press of the buttons repeatedly appears the LCD The amount of appears as and You the following with this Black T028 T029 Cartridges the this obtained otherwise, the head the This the amount of using IC built the the the amount of the IC and therefore the amount of
Chapter and Transporting Checking the Head If that the unexpectedly or the to the the head Follow the below to the head the that sheets of A4 the and then this Press of the buttons repeatedly appears the LCD and then the This operation that includes this ROM information and Copy and Transporting
head to cleaned The and white, the (CMYK). If the satisfactorily, there with this This or head. the section cleaning the head. Cleaning the Head If that the unexpectedly or the to these cleaning the head, which that the properly. head cleaning both and To wasting the head only the incorrect or the first to that the head to cleaned. This appears the LCD to to the or to the the head. this the first. and Transporting
Follow the below to the head, the that this and the light off. Press of the buttons repeatedly Head Cleaning appears the LCD and then the the On light flashing, to that the head and to the cleaning Checking the Head If the repeating this four or this off and overnight. Then, the and the head cleaning necessary. If the or both of or and to replaced. To empty, Cartridge If the the To copying least once month. If the light clean the head. the first. Copy head cleaning and the On light flashing. off this while the On light flashing. Doing this and Transporting
the Head If properly, to this the head. Follow the below to the head using the that this and the light off. of A4 the Press of the buttons repeatedly Head appears the LCD and then the the that the the and then of the buttons to the that Press the three the head completed. Pressing the and Transporting Copy This the Copy to the The appears. and Stop the head
Clearing the If this appears the LCD You to clear the the appears the LCD to the the Copy The ejected. If the ejected; where the clearing the the and then the of the Press of the buttons repeatedly appears the LCD and then the If the the feeding or the ejecting of the hand. On to off this the and then of the hand, including torn If the this the On and the Copy and Transporting Copy
Transporting this Product If to this the and as follows: from the and that this off. the and that the heads the right the to this with the protective as shown below, and then the and Transporting or this vertically or turn otherwise from the the their when this the this
the cover and the as shown the below, to the the from the the and the Then the the protective to both of this this and the the this to shocks. and
and Transporting
Chapter Troubleshooting You using the light and If this and the light the following of to the and then the recommended The indicated the XXX Press the to The indicated the empty. XXX Press the to the the Press the Press the to the Copy The head to the Then the and the Cartridge Press the Copy The head to the Then the and the with ones. Cartridge Press the Copy The head to the Then the and the with Cartridge Troubleshooting
or feed Press the and clear the necessary. and the the and service necessary. and service necessary. Follow that appear the LCD to or Troubleshooting Press the the sheet the and then the the securely. The locked. The to replaced. This Turn this off, and then back If the appears, Copy If the cleared, the Clearing the Copy Turn off this Then the released. If the appears,
Chapter Contacting Customer of the Customer If EPSON operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased Customer to them the following information: Product (The the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with information Contacting Customer the Reference included the software CD-ROM. the East, and South Africa: of these services English only. Contacting Customer
the United and the of Ireland URL Telephone UK users the East URL Telephone users URL Telephone South Africa URL Telephone or users URL Telephone Contacting Customer The of Ireland Norway
users users Thailand users users URL Telephone URL Telephone URL Telephone/ Telephone URL URL Contacting Customer
URL and users the URL Contacting Customer
Chapter Product Specifications Mechanical 120V 240V the the back of this the information. Sheet Sheet About sheets capacity Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) without to 132V Rated to Approx. (ISO10560 power-off to 264V Rated to Approx. (ISO10560 power-off Product Specifications
Operation:10 to 35C to 95F) Scanning type: A4 or US (The reading specified from software.) Scanning Interface: USB the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or Product Specifications
specifications sheets: Index Cards: Iron-On Cool Quality A4 A5 A6 B5 type distributed EPSON Thickness to to inch) to A6 type distributed EPSON A4 type distributed EPSON A4 A6 type distributed EPSON Product Specifications
Paper-Heavyweight: reduce the and or other If switch to higher or Product Specifications A4 type distributed EPSON A4 Card type distributed EPSON A4 type distributed EPSON A4 type distributed EPSON A4 type distributed EPSON
to 25C to 77F) to RH EPSON Quality and the following to 30C to 86F) Humidity to RH Product Specifications
Printable (including and B-L B-R C A: The top of EPSON Quality loaded, the top B-L: The B-R: The right C: The You the to selecting Reduced Margin as the the the expanded You the to selecting Margin as the the the expanded the used, the the of the or the smeared. Product Specifications the with the first.