R1800
rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Concerning of Copyrighted and and copying and reprinting of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as broad as people each to and of the copyright when and and and UltraChrome, UltraChrome and PRINT of Corporation. and RPM PhotoEnhance and UltraSmooth and PhotoCenter, SoundAdvice, and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Inc. CPD-19345 Copyright Notice
R1800 of and from these features: individually-replaceable to inch). pigment-based, UltraChrome TM and they from photo as as and highlights. Black and Black of without switching and specialty to inches. including and others. Direct the of CDs and of or head cleaning and and and easily. through USB and (IEEE To the highest USB USB connected to the with USB
PRINT and R1800 these to the photo PRINT (both P.I.M. and P.I.M. II) About PRINT revolutionary PRINT (P.I.M.) and together to the that PRINT include JVC, NEC, Olympus, Ricoh, Sharp, and with or www.printimagematching.com to PRINT Matching included with With PRINT Matching, the options each These options sharpness, and and reduction highlight and The this information each JPEG or TIFF with the P.I.M. II Photoshop (included with the information to the reproduction. include PRINT Matching R1800 without the
About The (Exchangeable includes information about JPEG/TIFF and them to information such as speed, flash, and and the JPEG/TIFF with the P.I.M. II Photoshopuses the information to the reproduction. About Software CD-ROM includes the software the instructions. and You cant without Its to free to Download instructions software includes these P.I.M. II Photoshop PRINT Matching, P.I.M. II, and when JPEG or TIFF from Photoshop and CS, or Photoshop and EPSON CD directly CDs and with to R1800 fast and EPSON RAW and ICC Profiles with Photoshop and other software to the types. You
PhotoCenter free photo-sharing where and high-resolution straight from the and postcards. software to PhotoCenter About To and its software, the This information, warranty, and instructions Loading of with or OS CDs and the Please follow these throughout: to to to Notes information about hints about instructions and specifications, on-screen Reference as the section. SM
the On-screen Reference Follow the instructions the to the on-screen Reference already. You browsersuch as Microsoft or or Firefox or or or laterto the If using browser, the correctly. Double-click the SPR1800 Reference Click topic the to the of Click the topic to If theres right arrow to then topic. If theres arrow to Closed to Click to to topic If graphic when Reference the to the graphic. Welcome!
The below the of the buttons. buttons Loads or the head to the and to its Prints and to the the and off. the the light or off. or multiple-sheet-feed while Cleans the head. the three seconds when the light off. to the cutting. of the when seconds.
Loading You of as these Where to Quality Quality Bright White Enhanced Heavyweight* Double-Sided UltraSmooth TM TM Scrapbook White CDs and CD/DVD This the sheet when than without
Loading the Sheet the and the the of the The and Loading
the the and the right of the the following as the first, landscape-oriented the Its usually whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the the to lightly the Loading
Loading the You these the as follows: type Loading Enhanced Heavyweight* Double-Sided Quality sheets A3 or Bright White sheets Quality sheet This the when than without If the corner, the the as shown the instructions. the and to curling. Loading sheets A3 or
Loading of If of the following than inches), the to the top of the to the sheets of Enhanced Heavyweight Double-Sided the and its the the back of the the then the the when other of Loading
Loading the these of the White UltraSmooth Scrapbook the the CD/DVD closed and the and its the the to the right. Loading
the notches the with the the back of the and them as shown. Then the the top of the the beneath the cover. Turn the (the to the correctly). of the right then the the Loading
the the and the the the the the slightly. of the to allow the to the Loading
the cover and the to the straight; the seconds to back the Press the to clear the then the as the Source or as the Source software or If crooked, Loading
Loading You 4-inch, 8.3-inch, or 13-inch or with or without Its to and If to with loaded, should the or appear Turn the and the the top of the If the and them the the of the the they straight. Loading
the the as shown, then the and protective from the of the the of the straight across, with corners. If the feeding the If the the backwards of to touching the of the Loading
the with the with Then the other the the right. the of the the the white then the right to lightly the Dont the or the the below the white the the as as the the automatically. Loading
To that the straight, the and the If the crooked, the three seconds to back the the Then the to the Press the to clear the through to the Follow the instructions to If crooked, the three seconds Loading
Loading
From to Follow the these sections to using features: With OS X Selecting the Correct To or sheets, or to P.I.M. or color-managed the from the slightly. this while the The the once Whenever the right the and and UltraChrome the right the the type of selected, the loaded.
Follow these to or using the From the You this EPSON R1800 selected. Click the or Preferences (If or button, first.) Click the the to Select the type of Select Select options type Select Select or From to Click to software
Select of these as the Quality Option rough with reduced Text text-only with Text with text and with higher and graphics with and or graphics with high Select the as the Source the the top of the the the back of the the CD/DVD CDs or the CD/DVD Select the type of as the without types, the Select the of as the Select the or to as the Select or Select other options to the PhotoEnhance TM the and of low-resolution (affects types. to the to the Prints to the of or the From to
information about the or the Advanced the of the and Click OK You to the Click OK or to this appears. to or and Dont or to when This to and If finishes or If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution Selecting the You apply to the currently If the Right-click the the right of You the shown Select the then OK You the necessary. From to Click to Click to or
Follow these to or advanced On the the Advanced the right corner. Click The to the Advanced If to the Advanced each the this first The Advanced include the options as the these: selected type, including RPM the highest types. this High allowing back and forth the instead of Edge Smoothing Prints smoother low-resolution such as From to
the Brightness, Saturation, and and ICM to match If using or ICC such as Photoshop, ICM then Incorrectly applying this function or light or To with using Photoshop, With Profiles Once finished selecting advanced Click OK to to the and Click the to to the Click the and with to options. Select the following as necessary: Select or options Select or options these to information or instructions them as them the or Click OK to to the and From to Select options and the of when selected the
With OS Follow the below to or using the basic CD/DVD the or as the From the the Format and Select R1800 Select or From to
Choose the the loaded, then the from the that Choose the the with around the the and the with as the with around the the with as the the with as the instructions, CD/DVD instructions, information using the selected matches the and within the choose than or than length. From to Choose
Select the or to as the Select facing right, or facing Click OK Select from the You this: the and R1800 Select from the You basic R1800 Click and Select type the Select Select Quality or From to
Select the type of as the If cant choose type, to selected the and the and and white photographs) or Black text Select as the the basic or instructions Advanced the to the Quality to or higher or to the information about You choose these options the to the of or to options to as PDF to specify to to and other options ColorSync to through ColorSync to ColorSync, the the or off the software selected option as the the to completely Thick to smearing when thick Summary to of selections Click From to
Dont or to when This to and If finishes or If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution To the of or the when appears the Then R1800 You this the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to If listed, then the Priority arrow as to the finished, (OS or (OS From to
Follow these to advanced From the Select from the To advanced Advanced to the these Quality selected type, including RPM the highest types. this High allowing back and forth the instead of the the high this types. From to
information or instructions them as them To from the Select options as follows: the Brightness, Contrast, Saturation, and and ColorSync ColorSync to match [If using or the ICC such as Photoshop, instead.] off features such as Photoshop instead. To with or ICC when Photoshop, With Profiles Click From to
Selecting the Correct Select the or what of and the coverage accordingly. or other or Bright White Quality Quality Enhanced Enhanced Heavyweight Scrapbook Double-Sided Double-Sided White UltraSmooth CDs or CD/DVD CDs or with CD/DVD From to Quality Heavyweight White
to using the R1800 features, follow the instructions these below PRINT With Profiles With Photoshop as Then follow the the sections to and and Dont or to when This to and If finishes or attempting to If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution
Selecting Follow the of these sections to below OS X and as necessary. the then click or Preferences Select the type of as the option: If without the Select the as the If photo, from the and the of the of photo or inches the of the loaded. the to software. Dont of these when PhotoEnhance, the choose or CD/DVD. Choose as the Source The
Select the based the type of then OK of Sheet or with or Click OK Click OK or Follow the to OS and as necessary. Click Select R1800 as the Format Select R1800 Select the and the
Select the or as the To without choose the the of or inches the of the loaded. the to software. Click OK to the Click to the the R1800 Select from the the type of as the option: the to the Quality Select R1800
Choose Option from the the based the type of of or with or finished, Follow the below to Printed Press the once to the the the If to another the once the to the Follow the the section finished
Removing and Press the three seconds. The backwards of the (If the this Turn the to the of the the Then the to off the light. the off of the and the from the to its photo or glass-covered both and from high humidity, and sunlight. PRINT With PRINT Matching, instructions might include commands sharpness and clarity, while might focusing and tones. If PRINT (P.I.M. or P.I.M II), this when with the P.I.M. II Photoshop.
the P.I.M. II Photoshop The P.I.M. II Photoshop allows to the P.I.M. or when JPEG or TIFF from P.I.M.- or The P.I.M. II with Photoshop and CS, and Photoshop and to the ICC that included the CD-ROM and that from Photoshop the PRINT or information the header when P.I.M. or Instead, that information the and EPSON RGB This the P.I.M. and You with layers, with and selective to the P.I.M. while P.I.M. from (such as Contrast, Color, Also, to Photoshop another software as P.I.M. You to to of P.I.M. information other instructions the P.I.M. II the P.I.M. II
You with the the to the of the Although and without trimming, these Heavyweight* Enhanced Double-Sided White UltraSmooth Scrapbook *If sheets of that than the **These the Dont or to when This to and If finishes or to If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution
Follow the operating these sections to below OS X and the and then or Preferences Select or as the Quality Option. Choose as the Source Select the type of as the Click the Select as the Select or as the Click the then the Choose the least amount of (with chance that there around the or the amount of of the off around the to the of the Click OK Click OK or
OS and photo Click Select R1800 as the Format Select the of the with as the Select of the or as the Click OK Select R1800 as the Format Select the of the
Click the R1800 Select from the Select the type of as the If cant choose type, to selected the and the to the Quality Choose from the then the Choose the least amount of (with chance that there around the or the amount of of the off around the to the of the Click
With Profiles Follow the this section to with Photoshop (the instructions cover Photoshop CS). follow the instructions these sections the With below Custom Profile Creating Custom With Profile To follow the the section operating below. OS Photoshop. Select from the Photoshop Select U.S. from the pull-down This RGB as the RGB and activates warning mismatches and Click OK
the to If the shown below, the (instead of the option and OK It to the If the shown below, Assign RGB: RGB and OK appears, the and as displayed If they Assign Profile Select of the following as the Profile RGB such as ColorMatch RGB or IEC61966-2.1 Also the the of choice the to the the the of the software and appears and This the to the and
Selecting Select with You this Click the to the and as necessary, then OK Click More Select from the Additional options appear: Profile, and the the The ICC with the SPR1800 the Relative If instead. This reduces the that the within the Select the Black checkbox.
Color-Managed Click the R1800 from the Select from the Select the the the Click the Advanced If ICC the Quality to match If or to On Turn off the High option.
Select from the Select that If the apply correction to the Click to photo. Photoshop. Select U.S. Prepress from the pull-down This RGB as the RGB and activates and Then OK the photo to If the shown below, the (instead of the option and OK It to the IMPORTANT!
If the shown below, Assign RGB: RGB and OK appears, the and as displayed If they Assign Profile of the following as the Profile RGB such as ColorMatch RGB or IEC61966-2.1 the the of choice the to the the the of the software and appears and This the to the and Selecting Select Click the the selected, then OK
Select the of as the Select the of Click OK Select with Click If from the pull-down Additional options appear:
and the the The ICC with the SPR1800 the If instead. This reduces the that the within the Select the Black Compensation Color-Managed Click the selected, and the Select the or as the Quality Option. (If using ICC the Quality to match Select the the the Click the Advanced Turn off the High and Edge Smoothing they
Click the ICM Click the that (N o If the apply correction to the If or the selected. Click OK Click OK to IMPORTANT! Select ICM, then
If selected the of and these If than expected and/or yellow-brown turned off both Photoshop and the to the with instructions Photoshop OS X) or the Source option to RGB selected the the Profile If than expected and/or light turned both Photoshop and the to the instructions OS X) or to the Advanced or to off Custom Profile Follow the this section to and each type to ready to the follow the operating below. OS Photoshop and the profile-building software If as with the the More then choose the
Select as Source as the Profile Click the Select R1800 from the Format Select the and then OK Click the Select from the then from the
Select the the Click the Advanced Select as the Quality Turn off the High option. Select from the Click IMPORTANT! Click to these to each type and Quality to with.
Photoshop and the If as Select with the the More then choose the Select as Source as the Profile Click the Click the button. Select as the Quality Option. Select the the the Click the Advanced Turn off the High and Edge Smoothing they
Click the ICM Click the Click OK Click OK to these to each type and Quality Option to with. Creating Custom Profile If creating follow the instructions with profile-building software (such as or GretagMacbeth to using the printed. Once the to the as recommended Microsoft or IMPORTANT! Select ICM, then
With Photoshop If Photoshop with of the EasyPrint interface when to It basic directly from the to the or Preferences to the This one-stop conflicts software and them both match. instructions Photoshop the Started with Photoshop Follow these to and the EasyPrint interface: To the the Photoshop Select and You the and the top of the the containing the photo(s) to from the and choose option such as From and Then the photo(s). If to photo, to If ready to to To photo, the and choose To or To and ready to to to from If the EasyPrint interface and to the
Select from the You the EasyPrint interface: as necessary. Click to Click options Select EPSON R1800 Select type Choose and Click Select other
CDs and includes that graphics, and directly CD or DVD. The CD software easy to and with of effects. You both and CDs. only CDs or thermal-printable or CDs or You CDs and with from or such as www.pcmall.com, www.warehouse.com, www.macconnection.com, and www.pcconnection.com. Follow the these sections to CDs or Cleaning the CD or DVD the the
Cleaning the CDs or to the the You this feeding and sheets of the and the and the Turn the and sheets of Press the to feed the Press the to the and to completely clean the CD or DVD the or CDs or or scratches the when the If to of CDs or to then and the to satisfactory. If to the or CD or DVD, the or the Turn the CD or DVD, the turned the correctly. from the then the and the If the and them the the of the CDs and
the cover and the top of the CD/DVD as shown. the CD/DVD CDs and
the CD or DVD the CD with the white or To CD the CD the first, then the CD the the CD when CDs and that the CD and the otherwise the the the CD/DVD the the the and the as shown below. Press the to the CD or DVD It when the flashing. CD to CD or DVD instructions, the on-screen then CD or DVD, following the instructions below. CDs and this with CDs the to each other
created and CD or DVD, ready to information CDs and the EPSON CD on-screen CD, necessary, and the and EPSON R1800 selected, then The CD or DVD and the the CD or DVD To allow the to least hours the or from and sunlight. If to the or the instructions the and the CDs and
the If and text the to the the included with or CD. You these to the CD or DVD. the (or CD) the CD and the as CD. Select from the EPSON R1800 selected, then Confirmation or Click The the or CD and the the CDs and
the or CD and the from the of the to the and as shown). with these the and You this: or Entry checked. the the Height or Top the the (Right) or Right Click OK to the the If smears CDs or to the or from differently, to the each type of Follow these instructions to and as necessary. EPSON CD. CD or DVD as Select from the CDs and
EPSON R1800 selected, then Confirmation or Click The the and the the printed, the and the Correction or Correction or as necessary. You three Each location. the first printed, the then through selecting or to the If to third Correction through and Third or Third the CD or DVD and least hours. Then the You the Brightness and CD to the CD on-screen instructions. CDs and
Follow the instructions this chapter to its and to necessary: Cleaning the Head below Cartridge the Head Cleaning the Transporting the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or or to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning turn least once month to quality. This section to the head the and Cleaning and the Head Cleaning the and Cleaning first, to the and the If with manually the head. You the head holding the the three seconds (when the light off).
Automatically Checking and Cleaning the Head The and Cleaning that the then reads to If cleaning the cleans the head. the and the light off. (If the light flashing or to of the of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R1800 OK and and Cleaning Follow the instructions the The and the shown below. If cleaning necessary, then cleans the head and and another The and to If head clogged, displays to manually the head. Follow the instructions to the head, necessary. If the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head
the Head Cleaning the turned and the light off. (If the light flashing or to of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R1800 OK and Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to clean the head. Cleaning about which the and the light flashes. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the light flashing, the Click then or Confirmation then Next (Macintosh). The If the or (as shown below),
If the white or (as shown below), Clean to the head If cleaning the head three or four the You the off and overnightthis allows to then the head Cartridge the light flashes, the light to You the cover to the light indicating that or to replaced. than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the light off. Dont or to when This to and If finishes or to If the of the of and necessary,
Checking the To supply, of the following: Double-click the the You this: OS Choose Applications EPSON SP R1800 EPSON You this: Click to information about the Cartridges these within months of them and the the To and them. Other products to covered warranty. You purchase and from authorized information and to the authorized please 800-GO-EPSON or of products www.epson.com, the and T054420 T054320 T054220 Black T054820 Black T054120 T054720 T054920 T054020
Where to To purchase please the SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridge Precautions Warning: of the reach of the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with To the the head hand. You empty. the the obtained the the head and Cartridges Once the You whether the light off, flashing, or the turned (the light should flashing). Then the cover. Press the The head and the light flashes. If light flashing or (indicating or the cartridge(s) indicated beneath the light(s) to replaced. the cover.
Press the the back of the of the and of the four or its (Dont unpacked.) the from its Dont the board the front of the and the its The with the board the front of the Press the clicks If to other through the cover, the top clicks, then the cover.
Press the The charging the The light and lights and the Charging about seconds. finished, the light flashing and The light and the light(s) the cartridge(s) off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the Head If or light or to the head. You the and the head or and the yourself. the Head Turn the of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R1800 OK and Head You this: Click the necessary, then OK On the The then and It then and
finished, the Manually the Head Turn the of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R1800 OK and Head Click the then OK You this as the On the the each that the least noticeable You to or Select each numbered through Then the each the boxes the If the each to another and this the the
Cleaning the To its should Turn off the the cord, and the interface the then to the Clean the of the with cloth. the and cover closed as the If to of the of the cloth to the shown below: Warning: Dont the or the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or apply or the Dont cleaning included with they the Clean
Transporting the If to its or Follow these Turn the Turn off the and the from the Then the from the the cover and the to the Then the cover. to the the its location. from the then the the and the the and its the the protective that with them. the as the the If clean the head output the head the to the
to what the of Then these sections and Software Quality CD/DVD Uninstalling and Software Where To Its to free to Download instructions
and cover closed IEEE CD/DVD and lights USB
Lights The below the of the lights. To indicated the lights, below. Light On: of the or the CD/DVD On: empty. On: turned the lights below) or Lights Explanation light The flashes charging or cleaning the head. light flashes then follow the to light of correctly, or with the isnt the currently selected path, or the the or charging cleaning the head, or the Follow the to or the correctly.
Lights Explanation light or the or the CD/DVD completely. light flashes or the CD/DVD head or trying to or CD/DVD with the loaded. Sheet If and the If sheets or the the to the then off and then instructions, instructions sheets of instructions or CD/DVD instructions the CD/DVD correctly. If off the and the the cover and or torn Then of the following: or Turn the and the off the then the and CD/DVD Gently the CD/DVD and the instructions the CD/DVD correctly. If to another path, the or CD/DVD.
Lights Explanation light light flashes light flashes light flashes light flashes light flashes You to whether from the or other Turn off and then the interface the the then and release the to the the light flashes. the ROM and If the the software interface or or software correctly. If the with the and Turn off the the interface and and or the head from to the or the and the CD/DVD Turn off the the cover, and or torn or the CD/DVD Then the back If the or unknown occurred. Turn off the seconds, and If the lights flashing, or
and and Software The installation. the its head about and finished (the light flashing) off the or the the completely, the cover closed, and the Turn off the then back to clear the or the software. turned and its securely connected both Follow the the and the other including and protectors, and If with software If and the USB from the USB correctly. If on-screen Reference instructions selected as the the
the light nothing the interface securely connected both and the as If the software correctly. If as on-screen Reference The sounds as though nothing The head cleaning; instructions. The properly or when it or awhile. too the recommended You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the Select or the Quality/Speed to Turn High and off, If connected to USB USB USB connected to USB
Quality You (light Clean the head; instructions. Select higher and turn off High or Select the or the of the whiter or The replacing; the head as or smeared. isnt curled, or with or the specifications the on-screen Reference and absorption of If the types, smears, or other the head as Select the Thick software. Access the from the as follows: Click and and Option Information OS from the
or Clean the head; instructions. The or Select the or (Macintosh); isnt or Dont or to when This to and If finishes or to If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution higher or higher Macintosh, the head as Increase the or software You or selected when and white photographs. Clean the head; instructions. The or
turning off PhotoEnhance TM that the exactly match to as as the Photoshop instructions If and/or yellow-brown or light, overexposed and or light-blue the or If the the Press the to the then the If when the or too thin. sheets feed correctly. If or feed, from the the of the sheets, them the right of the and the the too tightly. Dont the arrow the If of that than the sheets the Press the to the If that the following: Turn off the from the
from the or the cover and correctly or the the of the straight If the smoothly. If the curled, the of and backwards the the the the the the and to force the Select as the Source or the and of the OS X). Other feed too instructions. If the three seconds to the the necessary). If the light the button. the as
CD/DVD You cant the CD/DVD easily. Dont force the CD/DVD the Turn and follow the The CD/DVD when CD/DVD Follow the to the CD/DVD the to the The CD/DVD Gently the and the to off the light. correctly the CD or DVD. You to the CD; The inverted, as Turn off the software or the or instructions. The selected the or the or Clean the head; instructions.
You incorrect characters. the interface securely connected both and the selected the or the or If switch or USB with the directly to instead. The incorrect. the or OS X). Choose the The within the of the Specifications on-screen Reference the right of the with the the correctly or sheets. Too printed. that the option software or incorrect. the and options correctly.
Uninstalling and Software You to and then and operating You to other software or the Reference Click and or to or EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall the EPSON R1800 and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. then the to software. OS the Applications then the Select or R1800 and the then the to software.
Where To If with CD, or the P.I.M. II Photoshop, the information below. with other software that with technical hours through the services and telephone services below: Service Access World From the reach At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. Please the following information ready: Product R1800) Product (located the back of the and its of purchase (such as and of purchase and operating of the of services hours To these services, telephone and SoundAdvice this to the R1800 SoundAdvice. SM
You purchase and from authorized information and to the authorized please 800-GO-EPSON or of products www.epson.com, the and Where to To purchase please the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Technical Other Software Software or Telephone AM to PM, to
and Notices To and its software, that has: Microsoft PC with III or higher or higher recommended) or XP 256MB or of RAM (512MB or recommended) 200MB or of recommended VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD-ROM the software USB Windows-compliant USB or USB (recommended) and shielded USB AB IEEE-1394 IEEE-1394 and IEEE-1394 To and its software, that has: Apple or G3 or higher), G4 or higher recommended), or G5 OS or 256MB or of RAM (512MB or recommended) 200MB or of free VGA or CD-ROM or DVD-ROM the software USB shielded USB AB USB recommended) and
Instructions using these instructions to and effectively: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using outlets the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the and from of interference, such as or locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the least inches the back of the and the the or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or or the its or This allow to from the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the off the Dont switch off the or the the light off. or cover the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. and Notices
Cartridge Instructions of the reach of when there around the supply If off with and If it them immediately with the or the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced quality. the the the within months of first them. cool, with the of the facing from allow to least three hours using or from its from its this or tear the this the or to them. This the head. the IC the front of the This and If the supply from and and it the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding NERGY TAR NERGY TAR that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused and Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 and Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B321A Inc. Warranty What America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of year from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely SM and Notices
the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty ribbons, or third or to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. SPECIAL NOTE TO COMMERCIAL USERS This offered as high With and the with performance the warranty this or high of the repairs, or service from such covered Warranty. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. and Notices
include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to America, Inc. P. O. CA and Notices
and Notices
PM and to the that earned of their awards! specially to with UltraChrome about of and Water-resistant with high that and photo. Perfect photographic and of photo such as and and recommended this type. This RC that those of Its E and thickness photographic and Enhanced Enhanced the choice photographers without finish. highly which highlight and To and You purchase and from authorized information and to the authorized please 800-GO-EPSON or of products www.epson.com, the and Where to To purchase please the SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridges T054820 T054120 T054220 T054320 Red: T054720 T054920 T054420 T054020 The of location. inches) S041667/S041286 inches, S041727/S041808 inches, S041464 inches, S041465 inches S041302 inches S041376 inches) S041290 A3 inches) S041288 inches) S041289 inches, S041466 inches S041378 inches) S041331 inches S041329 inches) S041327 inches) S041405 inches S041408 A3 inches) S041406 inches) S041407 inches S04140 Enhanced inches) S041341 A3 inches) S041343 inches) S041339 Heavyweight inches) S041257 inches, S041467 inches, S041468 A3 inches) S041260 inches) S041263 Double-Sided inches) S041568 Quality inches) S041062 inches) S041067 inches) S041070 inches) S041069 Bright White inches) S041586 Quality A4 inches) S041106 Scrapbook inches) SCR1002 inches SCR1003 White inches) S041351 inches) S041636 inches) S041637 UltraSmooth inches) SP91209
PM and to the that earned of their awards! specially coated to with UltraChrome about of and Water-resistant with high that and photo. Perfect photographic and of and and such as recommended this type. This RC that those of Its E and thickness photographic and Enhanced Enhanced the choice photographers without finish. highly which highlight and To and You purchase and from authorized information and to the authorized please 800-GO-EPSON or of products www.epson.com, the and www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). SM Where to To purchase please the please Cartridges T054820 T054120 T054220 T054320 Red: T054720 T054920 Yellow: T054420 T054020 inches) S041667/S041286 inches) S041331 inches) S041405 Enhanced inches) S041341 Heavyweight inches) S041257 Double-Sided inches) S041568 Quality inches) S041062 Bright White inches) S041586 Quality A4 inches) S041106 Scrapbook inches) SCR1002 White inches) S041351 inches) S041636 inches) S041637 UltraSmooth inches) SP91209 The of location. inches, S041727/S041808 inches, S041464 inches, S041465 inches S041302 inches S041376 inches) S041290 A3 inches) S041288 inches) S041289 inches, S041466 inches S041378 inches S041329 inches) S041327 inches S041408 A3 inches) S041406 inches) S041407 inches S04140 A3 inches) S041343 inches) S041339 inches, S041467 inches, S041468 A3 inches) S041260 inches) S041263 inches) S041067 inches) S041070 inches) S041069 inches SCR1003