This to from TM from troubleshoot and these information: To the reference to without the Without To software using with the With with software CD. Please follow these when reading these instructions: to to to Notes information about hints
to Turn or off back or these buttons to through options LCD Click to (catches to (CD-R, or Memory light (flashes when reading when Memory USB PictBridge or optional Bluetooth TM USB Cartridge
Loading the the to the back, the and the to allow to feed through. the the top of the the right with the Dont this to of If than when to to smearing. the of the the output and
the the tight that the the and to curling. the following type: sheets included the T5570) with Cartridge. If of the this from or inches S041727 sheets) used. from
From from and software, such as Photoshop. software as the With Follow the instructions From From If PRINT Matching TM (P.I.M. or P.I.M. II) or Print, these to the of photographs. Factory. From You from From the You this Select EPSON Click to software
EPSON selected. Click the Preferences or (If or Then Preferences or the You the Preferences or You the following: Select to photo without or choose to with white around. If than it than it Landscape If to photo the Option. Select Correction to to the to old-fashioned Black White to to and white or Correction to the to with If with Correction to
To the of photo, information about click the or Click OK At the OK or to this appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You and Printed properly Selecting only apply to the currently If the Right-click the the right of You the Preference or Select the to the applications, then OK You the whenever Click to Click to or
From Follow the below the operating from: OS OS OS If from OS follow the below to photo. (If using thats with follow the OS instead.) From the You this the and option. You these options: Select to without Select to with white around. Select the to as the Select facing right, or facing Select Select or Select the
finished with the OK Select from the You this: Select from the iPhoto, Advanced options to the You options: Select as follows: To the photo, To photo to and white, Black White information about You choose these options the to the of or Select Click and
to options to as PDF Summary to of selections Click To the of the or when appears the If the You this: From this of the following: To the then To the then To and If and to the other(s), the and the arrow to finished, choose the or and Printed properly
OS From the You the following: Select the of selected. If to the Chooser. Select these Select to photo without or choose to with white around. If photo than than it Click OK From the You the following: Select the following
If to the Option. Select Correction to or to the to old-fashioned or Black White to to and white To the photo, If photo with Correction to information about the You the following: Click to the to You then to Click to Click to If turned background the EPSON selecting the Application the of the of or of the following: To the then the To the then the To and the
To If background and to the and the and Printed properly Factory You Factory TM to and Follow the these Factory Factory Factory as the With Factory Factory. You the Factory the containing
If with Factory, from the or the on-screen Started that with Factory. Select the that Thumbnails of appear the Factory these types: JPEG, PICT, BMP, TIF, FPX only), PNG, GIF only), Photoshop, QuickTime, SGI and PRINT If P.I.M. (PRINT information and correction included with Factory this information when You Factory from or the on-screen Started that with Factory instructions. To its thumbnail the The highlighted.
Click Prints the of the You three buttons: You other options the of the choose Cards, or these options they with If another that it with these options. Factory ready to the Assignment You this Click to the with Select
To the with photo, the and Select these options the the of the this selected Select Sheet or Margins OS Select these options the the of the this selected Select or to around Select Select the Select
Click the the of the You Select the of to these the using P.I.M. and/or If right the preview, the to (Click the Select the of to the PRINT and/or the when containing P.I.M. and/or Click the the top of the printed. Macintosh: You the printed. Follow the and Printed to properly Copying to If with the memory memory and the to You the of the Follow the these
Compatible Memory Cards Memory Card and Copying PhotoStarter to Memory Card Compatible Memory Cards You of these of memory CompactFlash TM TM SD TM MMC TM Card TM Memory Memory TM Memory Memory PRO TM Memory PRO TM Memory TM Memory Memory TM Memory TM the photo memory these JPEG or from to
and the first memory P.I.M. (PRINT Matching) and features. to these included Memory Card and Copying then the memory the memory its as shown. CompactFlash or SD or MMC (MultiMediaCard) Memory Card (top) (top)
the it the the the light the memory cant once and to which the from. What with when them the type of If the from and from the to the or the the correctly with and to the the and to the from XP, this: If this memory from and Card light
You choose of the options to or To to Copy to and OK Follow the on-screen instructions to and them. Then to or PhotoStarter and to the If this the first memory the below instead. Follow the instructions PhotoStarter to to the With Service or or the when memory On appears (the You the and to If iPhoto and to when connected, when memory Click the to to iPhoto information. If iPhoto, to to as CardMonitor. copying memory as to Memory Card.
PhotoStarter Follow these to PhotoStarter to to this Next The PhotoStarter Click Next The of about PhotoStarter to The the following to whenever memory PhotoStarter to the The Factory automatically. Factory and and easily. instructions using Factory. of the then Next the Confirmation
You back and to (or Factory and EPSON the and choose On Macintosh, the EPSON PhotoStarter then EPSON PhotoStarter the and choose Follow these to the OS the Applications and the and Preferences From the Preferences Other Applications the and the the when memory Follow the on-screen instructions. to Memory Card Once finished copying from memory follow the below to to the USB from while the light or without the below, or the memory the USB operating to of the following: If using XP or the or the XP, USB Stop USB
or the light flashing. On the memory from to the To straight of the to CD-R/RW, or Memory You to from memory CD-R/RW (CD-R only), or memory (thumb) To and Printed This the from memory and With them with or them Its to of crashes or from memory the of If about try the memory Memory Card and Copying If CD-R/RW or the to
CD-R/RW or USB to the EXT/IF the back of CD-R or the memory the EXT/IF the back of to there enough free If CD-R or or clear off or If CD-R the memory CD-R to clear the memory then CD-R. Press the to this OK the confirmation, OK
the following Press OK Dont the or memory while the or or If to the the You to the or the or they The first the If CD-R, the CD-R and Printed Follow these to they Prints To scratches or the of the photo. If them with the touching. Prints To as as them or of to fading. hours
Unused to the from high and bright light.
Without and easily without memory choose from the and Print. these Compatible Memory Cards Memory Card Sheet from the From the of From the Selecting the You to the of the Choosing Confirming and Doing More With Prints If that the PictBridge the USB directly to and from From PictBridge-enabled Compatible Memory Cards You of these of memory CompactFlash TM TM SD TM
MMC TM Card TM Memory Memory TM Memory Memory PRO TM Memory PRO TM Memory TM Memory Memory TM Memory TM the memory these JPEG or from to and the first memory P.I.M. (PRINT Matching) and features. to these included JPEG
Memory Card then the memory the memory of the three as shown. CompactFlash or the the the the light SD or MMC Memory Card light Card (top) (top)
the memory cant once. Memory Card To straight of the while the light or the from the shows of the memory The shows the when choosing (The might match the that If the and memory If appear, Turning the or On instructions turning the memory the with this If of memory and to with instead of of them; Selecting the You to to choose then Choosing to the Sheet to Press
Press the currently or to and to (To which should or the sheet includes to It might of the of and choose the photo the to then with From the of From the or Selecting the You to to and From the the sheet or this to 6-inch If than to while of sheets the and OK to If to the To learn about the the
To the and Memory Card). of From the To or of follow these the or the this OK Press or to highlight the of the to the to photo numbers), then OK to choose or to quickly. Press or to choose the of to that to then OK and each photo to The shows the selected and the of each. (You to or to and selected
If chose the photo, Highlight the selected photo and OK to If to the of OK and the as selecting You this Confirm selections or to and selected then to If the off, the and once. Turning Confirmation or On to of If than to while the and OK to If to the To learn about the the To the and Memory Card). the offers choosing the and to them. choose such as wallet or with
You and white or or the or Doing More With Prints.) If the the The appears, as shown You the from the the To turn off the and the only, Turning the or On. Selecting the You to The Select option to choose to memory and the the LCD then follow the the section: the One Several with or each of choose of through DPOF of that DPOF (appears and when selected with DPOF only)
Press or to highlight Select then OK Press or to highlight then OK to the of the to One Press or to highlight Select then OK to highlight One then OK Press or Press or to highlight the photo to then OK or to
You the selected the to the of the to Several You choose to Press or to choose Select then OK to highlight Several then OK Press or Press or to highlight the photo then OK to choose or to quickly. Press or to choose the of to that to then OK
and each photo. The shows selected and of each. (You to or to and selected If chose the photo, Highlight the selected and OK to If to the of OK and the as You the with Several selected. to Choosing to of of of through Choosing to choose each photo. the photo to the first and the then follow these Press or to highlight Select then OK Press or to highlight then OK
Press or to choose the first From Then OK or to quickly. Press or to choose the To Then OK to the of the to DPOF If DPOF Format), to which to and to choose with DPOF, then memory reads which selected and to each If chosen from DPOF selected as the Select option to DPOF If DPOF selected and to choose to or to highlight Select OK then choose option.
If DPOF and to follow these On the or to highlight Select then OK Press or to highlight DPOF then OK The that chose from to selected, including the of the of the You from to that or of the of to photo. If Several already chose the of each the cant from the You choose to photo when Several. If DPOF the of selected from and the cant selecting the or to highlight then OK
Press or to highlight the of to each then OK with Choosing to choose Choosing On the or to choose then OK Press or to highlight the photo(s), then OK You four choices: with Confirming and to Confirming and Once the basic ready to
to other options Doing More With Prints Press Confirm selections or to and selected If the to photo(s). To to back. If the Confirmation off, the and to once. Turning Confirmation or On of If than when to the and OK to the it You to its Doing More With Prints the basic these to Black and White or
of these More The this section or the they only the that that These appear the Confirmation Black and White or You and white or without the photo. brownish old-fashioned photo On the or to highlight More then OK Press or to highlight Effects then OK Press or to choose Black and White or then OK with Confirming and to Fixing Appearance the or
This and seconds or off. If to of photo, to the Choose to One to choose One from the First template the showing areas; then the to from that If already reference to On the or to highlight More then OK Press or to highlight Crop Template then OK Press to the The the template once and as reference with of the areas.
Choose the the to Press or to highlight Crop then OK Press or to highlight the chose from the then OK Confirm the selected. with Confirming and to photo. This and seconds or off. Automatically Fixing Appearance or the appearance of On the or to highlight More then OK
Press or to highlight Correct then OK Press or to choose of the using P.I.M. or to these features). This option selected P.I.M. or information. this the photo corrects that too or too bright. off when the photo P.I.M. or information). Press OK with Confirming and to This and seconds or off. the or You the and/or originally to photo when On the or to highlight More then OK
To the or to highlight then OK Press or to choose off the Press OK To the or to highlight then OK Press or to choose off the 12-hour 24-hour Press OK Press
with Confirming and to This and seconds or turn off. You these Turning the or On Turning Confirmation or On the LCD You the (such as or to the This LCD confirmation, or Press and seconds. You this Press OK to the its when off and back
Turning the or On first memory the to then to or of You this off and directly from the the or turned the off and to back If usually the memory turn off the Then whenever memory to highlight More then OK On the or Press or to highlight then OK to choose On or then OK Press or Turning Confirmation or On The Confirmation of selections You this off (or back
the Confirmation On, this that the Confirmation the without On the or to highlight More then OK Press or to highlight Confirmation then OK Press or to choose On or then OK the LCD On the or to highlight More then OK
Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight LCD then OK this OK to Press or to the then OK From PictBridge-enabled You PictBridge-enabled to the back of and the to to the PictBridge there memory memory The light should off. If memory the from the from
USB to the the back of to instructions. From CD, or Memory If to CD, or memory (thumb) to CD-R/RW, or Memory the to the back of and when memory You from CD with that from JPEG CDs supported.) there memory memory The light should off. If memory the from the from the memory to the If connected to or turn the off.
CD or USB to the the back of or memory the USB the back of CD or CD or with the If to the CD-R, or memory than once, You this Press or to choose the where then OK (The recently the counts the then shows of the following If this to from the and follow the instructions there to from the
If this the to learn about from the Wirelessly From Bluetooth To and wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled such as PDAs, and computers, the optional Bluetooth from The Bluetooth C12C824142) from or the SM or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please While with the Bluetooth specification, to with with Bluetooth wireless The of this approximately however, this including electricity and interference, software, operating reception and performance. The following Profile (BIP), Hardcopy Profile (HCRP), and Profile (OPP). the while with another or while (while the light Doing to malfunction. these sections information: With Bluetooth Disconnecting the Bluetooth Choosing Bluetooth
With Bluetooth the Bluetooth while this to malfunction. the top of the Bluetooth the the USB the back. The Bluetooth light second. If the light the then within about of then the to from Bluetooth and to as follows: directly to with Bluetooth the included with Bluetooth Bluetooth and with OS or the Bluetooth Then follow the to choose and the photo. and PDAs, instructions Bluetooth and automatically.
To from with to to or to Bluetooth Bluetooth Disconnecting the Bluetooth isnt then the from the USB as shown. the when the light flashing; this to malfunction. Choosing Bluetooth If necessary, the buttons to choose Bluetooth wireless You to or the the Bluetooth-enabled from which to Press the to choose More and OK Press the to the Bluetooth
Choose the Bluetooth option below. Option BT If Bluetooth-enabled the distinguish them assigning each (from through To the off and then back BT Comm. Discoverable This allows Bluetooth-enabled to freely and BT Encryption On/Off Not This unknown from the To this first search once Discoverable to with and from this This that with and from Select On to Encryption that with and from
Option BT BT the factory Bluetooth PIN The allows to the that selected as the Communication or Encryption On. the Bluetooth of
the Cartridge know when the photo or expended. the to which includes Cartridge and of www.MyPictureMate.com information. expended, this its LCD If this while the and the without turning off and You the Checking Cartridge the This to from the to and of these the Used Cartridge the New Cartridge Checking Cartridge You the of photo the LCD or with software. to the section: LCD
OS OS LCD On the or to highlight More then OK Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight Cartridge then OK You with the Press OK to the If the to only should
You the amount of the photo using EPSON or the EPSON of the following Double-click the the software From instructions), the then the EPSON displays the amount of
The appears when to the You the amount of from this OS Double-click HD (the the Applications then the EPSON The appears. Select then OK The EPSON appears.
Click the EPSON The EPSON appears, showing the amount of the photo the Utility. OS Access the or From instructions). Click the then the EPSON the
The EPSON appears, showing the amount of the The T5570) everything to of and Cartridge. If of the inches S041727). You wherever or from that
You the from the or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please within months of and the the www.MyPictureMate.com information about offers, and Removing the Used Cartridge Once the If the while the and the without turning off and the This to from If the On to off. the LCD then the and USB connected).
the to the front. the the to the Release the shown. This releases the
the and of properly. Warning: of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with If or flushing, immediately. the New Cartridge the four or while its Then the Dont the board. the immediately it from its If the the Release
the straight the both to crooked. If sticking the and the straight. Straight
the right to the If the crooked; to whichever sticking too If the correctly, the completely closed. the to the back. the cord. If using or the USB to Turn back
the charging the and charging charging With You easy to If to should to from of the and or other location where too If the On to off. the LCD then the from the from the and the top of the and Then the
the and connected USB from the back of both the and its the that or the optional Carrying the Dont its or or If as try the head. the Head Directly From You optional Carrying ARC1B) from the or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cleaning To its should Follow these Turn off the cord, and USB or then to or from the Clean the with cloth. cloth to the or cleaners
or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or Quality If as as to too light or or to the head. You to head cleaning actually If or or light to the head. Follow the these sections to or the head the buttons or the software Cleaning the Head Directly from the Head Directly From Checking the Quality the Cleaning the Head the the Head the Cleaning the Head Directly from If as as to head clogged. Follow these to the head. On the or to highlight More then OK
Press or to highlight then OK to highlight Clean Head then OK Press or this OK to cleaning the head. The cleaning about seconds, which the Cleaning head. Please appears the and off while cleaning its head, hasnt or than cleaning to If to to the clean, of Loading then OK to the If to to back to the the to there the should with as shown.
If (as shown below), to the head If there OK to the head If there to back to the If cleaning three or four to You off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the Head Directly From If and the the as or or light to the head. sheet of Loading On the or to highlight More then OK Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight Head then OK
Press the when the the the and which the straightest. (You to Press or to highlight the the to then OK Press or to highlight the the to then OK Press OK to the The appears. Checking the Quality the You from and the head, necessary. connected to and turned sheet of Loading Right-click the the right of Select of straightest
OS the Applications and EPSON Select the OK and OS the and choose or Click the then the Follow the instructions the to The Each should with as shown. If (as shown below), to clean the head. Cleaning the Head the Computer. Cleaning the Head the If as as to head clogged. Follow these to the head. connected to and turned Right-click the the right of Head Cleaning OS the Applications and EPSON Select the OK and Head Cleaning OS the and choose or Click the then the Head Cleaning
Follow the instructions the to clean the head. Cleaning about seconds. and its displays off while cleaning its head, hasnt or than cleaning finished, loaded, then the following: Click Then Macintosh: Click Confirmation then Next The the If the If the Clean to clean the head If cleaning three or four to You off and overnightthis allows to then try cleaning the head
the the printed. Each should with as shown. If If (as shown below), the head the Head the If or light or to the head. connected to and turned sheets of Right-click the the right of Select Head OS X: the Applications and EPSON the OK and Head OS From the or Click the then the Head
Follow the instructions the to You this On the the without You to Select each and the of the each the the Then If cant without choose the that the Then to another and this
There to To the If connected to and whether the from or the as to these Software Memory Card Quality With Printout If to and then software to Uninstalling Software. If the Where To If the If of these what to What to Purchase and the with If the to correctly. the Cartridge.
What to or and the and the OK to clear this Loading instructions. the then and or Dont or feed correctly or The closed completely. the the back of both and from the the Cartridge. that service. as Where To memory Format with the Compatible Memory Cards. The the supported. the Bluetooth then to Disconnecting the Bluetooth
What to You to to from or other If connected to or other USB they both turned off. Then the USB from On the or to highlight More then OK Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK this the On to off. Press the seconds, then If the clear, Where To
showing (If the to clean the head; Quality.) If the printed, the isnt with It memory software interface or or software correctly. the Software and Memory Card If the the If nothing or as Where To examining the to off and its to Software the software. follow the instructions the With to the instructed to Then the USB securely to the and the the other including and protection software, and the software If appear the OS Chooser, too items the Chooser. items and the Chooser If OS and the Format to or the Utility. the With instructions. or software correctly, software
SE, or XP The USB correctly from the USB properly If If Network instructions software nothing If from the USB connected securely both and that the the If from to causing the as If the software correctly. If Network instructions software sounds as though it nothing the head clogged. To clean the head, Quality. properly or that the when or awhile.
too of high while to If from the If high-resolution than the You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the these Choose Black White photo include If connected to USB USB that Memory Card and the first memory JPEG or and with follow the instructions the With to the software, including the Card and PhotoStarter PhotoStarter instructions. If the from and the correctly with If XP, to information.
Quality You (light The head cleaning; Cleaning the Head Directly from or Cleaning the Head the instructions. the of the The replacing. the Cartridge instructions. The head the Head Directly From or the Head the instructions. or smeared. from the to and absorption of with the isnt or curled, or (the should If or curled, of The head the Head Directly From or the Head the instructions. each from the The head the Head Directly From or the Head the instructions. You to increase the or software or the The head cleaning; Cleaning the Head Directly from or Cleaning the Head the instructions.
The photo or the Cartridge instructions isnt dirty, or If of with the Colors photo incorrect or software and the to The head cleaning; Cleaning the Head Directly from or Cleaning the Head the instructions. The or the Cartridge instructions Colors slightly hours and photo to the right. If without the LCD to the to or Black and White Black and White or With feed correctly or the pulled the resting the the the back and resting the The should the the back of If feed, from the the right then the the If once, the from the the sheets, and If then the OK to clear the If incorrectly or frequently:
Dont the arrow the of sheets. the the right and the too tight. to curling. Dont this Printout selected, or the active the or Chooser. The head cleaning; Cleaning the Head Directly from or Cleaning the Head the instructions. The incorrect. If of photo the other, the correctly the the to the right the the If without the Crop to instructions. Choosing instructions. If the of to the of the to as the This the of (to the which causing of to off. or incorrect. and options software the or the without correctly.
match the width/height (aspect of the or to the and The printed. The the match the If without first to If from or to from the If DPOF, exactly what to DPOF information. If PictBridge-enabled, to and from the From PictBridge-enabled Too that the option software from or the without
Where To technical hours through the services and services below: Service Access World From the reach At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated of services hours Telephone Services To these services, tone and SoundAdvice SM this to SoundAdvice. To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the back of of purchase (such as and of purchase of the You learn about www.MyPictureMate.com At this information about offers, and
You purchase with and photo and other from the or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Uninstalling Software You to and then software This when operating to Factory or this on-screen Follow the these Uninstalling From Uninstalling From OS Uninstalling From OS off or while the software. Uninstalling From Double-click XP: then the Double-click Click Software the and the Change/Remove and XP). the EPSON selected and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. or EPSON USB Devices the and the button. If using XP or to the to Click EPSON the and the Add/Remove Then follow the on-screen instructions.
Click EPSON the and the Then follow the on-screen instructions. when ready to the software, follow the instructions operating With that to Factory or and the Uninstalling From OS Follow these to PhotoStarter and Card and Applications the EPSON Card and EPSON to the the the Applications Double-click the or Select and or ready to the software, follow the instructions operating With that to Factory or on-screen and the Uninstalling From OS applications. the software CD-ROM. the and the Double-click the English then the OS
Double-click the and the Uninstall from the pull-down and the Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions and when the Drivers\English the the OS then the the Select Uninstall from the pull-down and the Uninstall Follow the instructions and when the Drivers\English the PhotoStarter the OS then the the Select Uninstall from the and the Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions and when Macintosh. ready to the software, follow the instructions operating With Computer that to Factory or on-screen and the These sections to that other to These instructions only. If and would to XP and and OS OS
XP and to as shared the that directly connected to. Then, the software each that through the To software to as with who to the group). To software XP, to with account. You software as account XP, the user account as Computer account. The shown the following instructions to XP, appear Shared Follow these to to with other Click or then or and Right-click the the then Select as or this then type the shared or the
If XP or to to that of Additional and the and the operating the other computers. Click OK then the software CD the CD-ROM Select the or Click OK to the Click OK or Accessing Network Follow these to to from other as shared the to which directly connected from another instructions, Shared Click or then or and Double-click the The Click Next
Select Network then Next On the Next Double-click the of the that directly connected to Then, the Click Next and follow the on-screen instructions. the operating and the of the to which connected, the to the from the software CD. this the and follow the on-screen instructions. and to as the that directly connected Then, the software each that through the Shared Follow these to and to with other Click Double-click the Network Click the and Select the to to allow others to to printer(s) and OK the Network OK
If appears to the or CD-ROM, the CD the CD-ROM and follow the on-screen instructions. If to it and with the the Right-click the and Click the the then OK Accessing Networked Follow the below to to the from other The as shared the to which directly connected from another instructions, Shared Click Double-click the The Click Next
Select Network then Next On the Double-click the of the that directly connected to. Then, the Click OK and follow the on-screen instructions. OS This section to that to as other computers. to as the that directly connected to. Then, choose the shared the and when Shared To with other OS follow these to the that directly connected to: Turn Select Preferences from the the of the Click the
Click the to then To with the checkbox. and information. Accessing Networked Follow the this section to from other OS and the Turn the shared as normally would, choosing from the Shared that appears the and OS This section to the that to the as other computers. to as shared the that directly to. Then, the to from each that and the software those computers.
Shared To with other follow these to the that directly connected to. Turn Select Chooser from the Apple and the Then, the that the connected to. Click the The Click the this then type the and information as necessary. Click OK The of the shared appears the the Chooser. the Chooser. Accessing Follow these to from other the Turn the software from the CD-ROM. Select Chooser from the Apple Then, the and the from the Select that connected to If appears, the the and OK
the Background to background or off. the Chooser.
To with the these Microsoft PC with or or SE, or XP 64MB of RAM (128MB or recommended, 256MB or recommended XP) 200MB or recommended VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD the software Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB to improperly shielded USB than to malfunction. Apple G3, G4, or G5, or OS or or OS 64MB of RAM (128MB OS X); recommended 200MB or recommended VGA or
CD-ROM or DVD the software USB and shielded USB AB to improperly shielded USB than to malfunction.
Instructions the following instructions to and effectively: Instructions Cartridge Instructions (LCD) Instructions Instructions Warning: This chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to and other the supply to follow and instructions the through the the to the and the AC hand the or the photo the head hand; otherwise, the the off the On the or off the to the outlet the light the that the photo the the the head and the from the memory or off the while the and the memory (when the memory light flashing). The memory to type. to to the with memory only memory with the to Compatible Memory Cards.
the that the of the The properly If the the than inches the back of the and the or the its or from the enough front of the the to ejected. to and humidity. Also, the and the AC from sunlight, light, or heat the to high such as the or to shock, or enough around the to allow Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the the from the this when photo as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. or tear the the this photo or to them. This the head.
the photo immediately from its If the the otherwise, reduced the within months of photo from allow to least three hours cool, the IC the of the Doing and The IC the of cartridge-related information, such as the amount of that the and freely. However, each the because the each that the of its (LCD) Instructions The LCD bright or These and that the cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately.
Specifications Cartridge Mechanical AC Card and Bidirectional with ESC/P Since the of or type of the the of or type of Colors: yellow, red, EPSON
(Included T5570) inches type distributed S041727 sheets) inches type distributed Dont this to reduce the and or other To or Cartridge
(Included T5570) Colors Red, and Cartridge months F C) the thaws and approximately hours F C). To Cartridge and the amount of IC the the the IC that empty. Other products to covered warranty. the the expired. or with to heat or sunlight. Mechanical top capacity sheets to F to C) month F C) to F to C) hours F C) F C)
without Printable inch of to to Rated to to Rated (while the the back of the information. Width: inches Depth: inches Height: inches (with and Width: inches Depth: inches inches (while
Operation: to F to C) Operation: to RH Without AC A251B A251E AC V, AC V, DC V, DC V, to 95F to C) to 95F to 35C) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) hours F C) to RH
Card Card CF and II Compatible with CF+ and CompactFlash Devices Connectivity Specifications Revision Not USB supported. Compatible with Memory Stick/MemoryStick PRO SD Compatible with SD Memory Card Specifications PART1. Physical Specification Card Compatible with Card Card Connector type: USB NRZI Recommended length: than Compatible with Memory Compatible with Memory Memory PRO Format Specifications Compatible with
and UL EMC FCC CSA C22.2 CSA C108.8 Class
Notices from Satisfaction Copyright Notice Concerning of Copyrighted from the Cartridge with of that purchasing and The Cartridge about The both together of both the Cartridge and with and The based with of based of printed, and of of the photo, or and white or than Cartridge. Also, the Cartridge once should with within months of installation. You to than with Cartridge. this the the used. You with from another or the which from or There other to with the Cartridge. other reproduction, or
Satisfaction If than the of with the and UPC from the within year of purchase and of The Satisfaction covers only the US, and It cover of or of the or or Please follow the following the Satisfaction www.epson.com/picturemateguarantee, or this to to U.S.A. or or the following items to Satisfaction P.O. TX Customer completed Satisfaction UPC of Copy of from the Copyright Notice rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other
Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Concerning of Copyrighted photocopiers, and copying and reprinting of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as broad as people each user to and of the copyright when and and PRINT Matching, and the PRINT of Corporation. Software and and SoundAdvice service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc.