CPD-27532 Printed XXXXXX PM
New to Edge Memory light Memory (catches EXT. I/F Optional cover Cartridge release Cartridge USB The everything to photo and The following and Product sheets) and T5846 sheets) and T5845-M rechargeable C12C831082 carrying PMBAG06 Bluetooth C12C824383 You and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca information, offers, and related www.MyPictureMate.com.
them the and and ready to as and whenever and wherever memory light and easy-to-use, TM from as they Charm them to Then To photo them memory choose and the the and back and Since them back With the Introduction to Photography to them from to Clear the Memory Card follow the shown The and the right.
the to and right from If PictBridge If to or other information.) battery. without outlets, the optional to the to From and with becomes with these features: PDA, or wirelessly to the optional Bluetooth If Bluetooth information.) Format), which to while the to the memory If DPOF information.) OK and
everything to photo and The or from that You wherever Where to and with (without these from to JPEG T5846 The following T5845-M and photo sheets) and and from other directly from memory from to the and to and and the first memory Where to Information from authorized To www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca You and other purchase the 800-GO-EPSON shortcut to the The instructions (A from the CD.)
Turn or off Stop or through options and the of optional
and the with to: memory (below) to Press the of the to the to the back. Then the top cover. memory Memory Card
TM and SDHC TM and and and TM TM TM (High Capacity) TM Card MMC SD Memory light Top the the shown the right. the memory the as Press the On to cant once. Card M, M+, and H) Memory TM Memory TM Memory Memory PRO TM TM Memory Memory Stick** TM Memory PRO-HG TM Memory PRO CompactFlash and II) TM the the memory light and to flash. while the memory light flashing; ready to choose and capacity 128MB
Dont this the to the back. Then the top cover and the Loading while the memory light flashing; Top the and release then straight of the ready to memory first the memory light flashing. Removing Memory Card Press the of the to Then the to and release the release and straight of the
or whiter to of information. the and to curling. the outward. with the or whiter the the the slightly. of to sheets of and the slightly them. or whiter
photo easy to the to displays the photo memory (shown right). You the of the or lowering the top of the to the closing the Choose and of of this to options of sheets to the that to then the Format), to the and If DPOF selected the You and choose from the following options them: memory the the To and To slideshow of
You the the photo, indicating that printed: with or without with to switch of or Press the them of You the to and the If memory than information. To than to increase the of or to Then OK and OK to to To or to necessary. instructions. If to the or photo, If the about to Press the On to back Responding to You the to the to To memory or to OK to
You the memory and the of to of each The shows the of sheets, and other chosen, OK Select OK Press to choose then to choose Select to increase the of or to If than of each Press or to selected If Stop/Clear the of enough loaded, then to information about Press or to selected If Stop/Clear the To You the of sheets the
You the following: If than to while of sheets and OK to If to that Stop/Clear enough loaded, then to If to the or instructions. Press or to highlight the then to The the selected appear the appears the the selected You OK selecting the of memory this You If to the Follow the to the of each, and Press or to the selected Press or to highlight Select then OK Press OK to choose Select
You the memory Press or to highlight then OK Slideshow of Press OK to the slideshow Format), to which and If DPOF to with DPOF, then memory to choose Camera-Selected DPOF Stop/Clear To the If photo to OK to to Then preview, and displays the memory as continuously If to from the instructions. enough loaded, then reads and displays Select then OK
of the to fading. To as as them or photo Unused and Follow these to photo they and high humidity, and bright light. to curling, and from to the the to as the this the than To they completely To scratches or the of the photo. hours
You learn to or memory cards, or Press from Choose from of pressing the More With sheet Press or to highlight or then OK Press or to highlight the topic with. Then OK to the or animation. Press or to highlight then OK the amount of and that too light or The this section or the photo they only the that black-and-white or text
At the photo selection OK to the photo This of to off. You expanded and around the the amount of and without instructions. the without If to with white or the of the to the Choosing of and of another, of and of photo B. Then choose as the Press or to To or or Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight the then OK You these choices: Wallet Press OK to to If the correct, other then to
Press or to highlight Advanced then OK Press or to highlight Red-Eye then OK Press or to highlight then OK Press You of the memory Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK Proof and sharpness. It that too and increases The which selected too light, or the and the of without using Press or to highlight On then OK Fixing Press or to highlight (to clear then OK to If selected the selected printed. to Press Reducing Red-Eye the If PRINT (P.I.M.) or Print, the P.I.M. You the following of People, Landscape, or Night Red-Eye and when this appear to You Red-Eye to of people, they this Select with the
If of Press or to highlight then OK These They Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight the then OK If of This and increases and sharpness. bright, or (This the It that too too include P.I.M. (PRINT or reproduction that P.I.M.: This information Press or to of the following options: Prints as or P.I.M. or Select this the The to the Press OK to apply the selected
Black-and-White or You black-and-white or tone old-fashioned photo) when the originals You apply the to or currently selected If off around the the amount of and expanded and cropped. Press Press or to highlight then OK or to black-and-white or Press or to highlight then OK You this Press Press or to highlight Advanced then OK Press or to and reduce the amount of Then OK the warning and OK Press or to highlight then OK You or Press or to highlight then OK If white the of with the to and or
Press or to or then OK You the photo. If allows to text to the with the Text Press or to highlight Advanced then OK Select the that text Press or to highlight then OK This only. Press or to highlight Text then OK Press the selected. information. Highlight On then OK
USB to EXT. I/F the back of and the Bluetooth-enabled optional Bluetooth the information). PictBridge-enabled (this From PictBridge to and the You that to PictBridge. included with to From to and instructions.) finished, memory You memory or the from the from there memory Turn
DO NOT to the software. Software and Connecting To with first: from the the software CD as From If the software, REMOVE memory from Follow the Software (below) memory and or Once connected to the memory as You from to the memory instructions. instructions from connected to Once software and from or from USB with USB If to connected to and NOT NOT memory Press the On to Periodically, to to software. Download instructions
this and from If New the and The software the option the Account With the the CD.
memory and the the to If this software this If another this as the Then the other to the the USB to USB USB the back of the items and the Software
this the from instructions). Follow the on-screen instructions to that the CD. Follow the instructions to the software. the and connected to and NOT NOT memory Press the On to Software Double-click the the CD.
If OS to this If OS or with the this Follow the the right of the to the USB to USB Then the other to USB the back of the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of software and the from instructions). the CD.
wherever or from You that photo and photo the photo The these Supported The following T5846 T5845-M photo and sheets) and photo If to the of photo within months of and the the If while the and the without turning off and (to the right) the from authorized To www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca You and other purchase the 800-GO-EPSON photo and Other products To or other to covered warranty.
the to the Release the Once the the right the the Cartridge the Cartridge to the without the the and of properly. recycling the the back of
the straight the clicks to the This or other to covered warranty. thoroughly with If or If them thoroughly with and If them flushing, immediately. Warning: of the reach of and the The the You to the to the the right, to the the photo from its Dont the board. the immediately. If Dont the the
should If the displays Cartridge You the of Checking Cartridge If the correctly, to the the Press or to highlight then OK Highlight the and OK You the the the The Press Press OK to
the then the and If the optional battery, about anywhere, easy to With You USB or the and the and connected the accessory If to to from You optional Carrying PMBAG06) or rechargeable C12C831082) from of the and or other location where too or too cold. or the that or the optional carrying the Dont the its or or If as the head the On light then the from the Press the On to off. and
or to www.MyPictureMate.com. information purchasing To the optional battery, with and With battery, about the Optional Battery the instructions and the optional rechargeable battery.
that selected and the Turning or On You the the You the following Turn the off or the right) Preferences to Then the to their Bluetooth Turn that appear of inactivity to or Spanish If to this screen off. You to once to Press or to highlight then OK Press
You the to or Spanish. Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to choose or On then OK Press or to highlight then OK You to the appear the If the the the the right Press or to choose the then OK Returning to Press or to highlight then OK slideshow of of inactivity. You or Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK Turning the On or Press Press or to highlight then OK Press Press or to choose or On then OK
Press or to highlight then OK You this Press or to or then OK Press OK to
If as as to too light, or through themPictureMates head cleaning. Cleaning the Head and Troubleshooting If with or to these Cleaning the head the right) the head Press or to highlight then OK cleaning the head. to the head If the displays the Follow these to the head: Press and Software Cleaning with feeding Cleaning Where to Cleaning Press or to highlight then OK
and this You the to there or OK and Cleaning then OK to the head. Cleaning about seconds. cleaning to and Print. Press cleaning
Press or to Head then OK You Press or to highlight then OK If the or You to and OK to the head the clean. hours to to Then cleaning If cleaning Quality You off and least the head If the OK, and OK to finish. The printed: Press head. Follow through Then You the the Head If and as as to or light or through themyou to the head. the head Press
Typically, this of To their to cleaning to clean the smearing the front and back of of Cleaning You the Head Press or to highlight then OK Press or to Cleaning then OK You OK then OK to feed clean of If the and If the clean, and OK to Press OK to the Press Press or to highlight the the OK to Then (You to the to which the with or white Press or to the the OK to Then the clean. The becomes the the the head. the head and the
The On light and the and AC securely connected both Press the On to outlet and switch or and Turn off the and the and USB or To its should Follow these Cleaning used. Press the On to back off If using the optional battery, charged. the AC and If using the optional battery, to charge the battery. The photo or from the and then to Clean the with cloth. thinner cleaning; they the and or or or cloth to the photo or cleaners used. Press button the On The off to back Dont the and or
JPEG and with memory and the first memory memory correctly. charges its head about three and charging finishes turn off, or charge improperly and The first the photo the photo EXT. I/F to PictBridge-enabled or the optional Bluetooth You the JPEG or RAW to memory when or while. properly or The head cleaning. sounds as though nothing to To USB first them to Then to from or the to memory the instructions. correctly, and the resting and the the the the The off.
The head cleaning. To the instructions You (light Quality If or location, to and It to them. these too to with the or whiter of the The replacing. The head to absorption of and quality. The head or smeared. software. Dont to Follow the instructions to instructed to. Turn off features such as effects and reduction. with than Dont than Software to with the or whiter of the The head cleaning. The head other including and protection software, and the
Colors slightly hours and Turn the or P.I.M. With You to or whiter isnt or curled, or If or curled, of each each from the the to the of the sheets slightly, and the If feed, the them too tight. If feed once, the the and The or feed correctly or isnt or If with the or whiter The head cleaning. The or to or the Dont from If sheets the and OK to the the top of the resting the The head cleaning. the Effect to or The or to Colors or
directly from or Select from The head cleaning. Printout The or incorrect. beneath the arrow the with the or whiter and the slightly. Dont this If incorrectly or frequently: of expands If from off too around the the amount of directly from or or only or to curling.
U.S.: to AM PM through to AM PM through without or charges and hours of to apply. Then and troubleshooting and to You and or with these technical services: Technical Where to You purchase and You purchase from www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Purchase and Product (located the of please the to following information ready: Product Charm or PM of purchase (such as and of purchase of the
type. to to the The memory to with memory (when the memory light flashing). the memory or off the while the and the memory instructions to and effectively the instructions). the following Instructions Notices the of the The properly If the the than inches the back of the and the the that or the its or from the enough front of the the to ejected. memory with the If the where the of restricted, such as or follow instructions those the or the products that or around the Doing fire. to follow and instructions the to the and the AC through the the to and humidity. Also, the and the AC from sunlight, light, or heat or other location where of the and too or too cold. or the the the head and the from or to the or off the to the outlet the off the On the On light the that the
that the rating of the the Also, that the rating of the cords If with the the outlet the outlets switches or timers. or cord, or the AC or optional the from or the of telephones. of interference, such as the AC where the easily or the the AC or the optional or cover the and the enough around the to allow to shock, or the the AC or the optional or the optional normally or The or the that covered the operating instructions.) or the casing the the AC performance. service the following optional from the and servicing to the and the AC the or to the AC as specifically the cord, and options Doing injury, shock, or fire. and top of power-supply cords and allow the AC the and the where they and the to power-supply cords straight supply should to or power-supply cords to or AC with which included. to The AC A431H with the with other specified. of another fire or the that with this shock, or injury. with outlet with the AC and supply directly from the type of indicated the AC that the outlets the as or that switch and off.
from allow to least three hours the the the otherwise, reduced within months of each photo that the of its photo cool, or other (This with chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to Health and WARNING: The cords included with this following.) Cartridge Instructions the IC the of the Doing and items that with this of the If the the supply from and and the the supply or the surrounding as the the supply covers or unnecessary, the cartridge-related information, such as the amount of that the and The IC the of freely. each the the the from the this of the reach of children and the If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or there around the supply when photo as thorough flushing, immediately. or tear the the this or to them. This the head. the photo immediately from its If using
the service. If service Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of to to or its authorized service the and to and service the of the or the item quality, and, option, another of where the repaired and back to You or or refurbished to the of to to the of the the its option, or the without freight as or authorizes instead of becomes property. The warranty of covered and products and the from the authorized service warranty the or that to the If or If authorizes the the U.S. and U.S. this warranty. The bright or These and that the them immediately with If them thoroughly with and If the or thorough flushing, If the If the immediately. cloth to the or cleansers. Screen Instructions the purchaser that the covered the United States or free from What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to from the of purchase. warranty service, this warranty purchased and operated workmanship and of year of the of purchase. Please and or recycling. the America, Inc. Warranty the United States and this warranty cover or fading of What This Warranty Not This warranty covers or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This or high or of or services (U.S.) SM or warranty instructions service to whether the warranty and authorization. service What To Correct Should please the
apply to This warranty rights and allow warranty and allow the and other rights which from to the or of or EXCESS OF THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN LEGAL THEORY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS PRODUCT. warranties include both and reprinting. This warranty cover to the distributed or This warranty cover or should the to properly caused such as fire, and or to function properly as of with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If from or boards or warranty service ribbons, or third or software interaction should the or or the rating or installation, or reproduced, the to the its caused or manufactured, incurred. To the Authorized You write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA To the Customer EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON- of that purchasing stated the The the Cartridge with of sheets of and The the enough to allow of about the stated of sheets. From
the of with and the within of purchase and of The amount If than the and UPC from the purchased of the U.S. and It cover of with of the of sheets of stated of the the of stated or of the or the of prorated that covers sheets This Satisfaction or Satisfaction months. amount of based with of based of the of with and of the the the printed, type, of photo, or and white or Cartridge. Also, the Cartridge once should with within than the of included. The included the with This Satisfaction to the Cartridge and which with the that this the Cartridge than the of of There other the Cartridge. other with from another or reproduction, or You to with the used. You to with the which from or included the with The included to allow Both Cartridge and sheets. The other apply to the of about the of included and included the
Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and According to 47CFR, and Class with Class Computers: Customer which included the Declaration of Conformity found the below, or the Satisfaction this to to U.S.A. and or Please follow this www.mypicturemate.com/satisfactionguarantee the following items to: Procedure with 47CFR and of the FCC as the tested and found to with Class Each to expected to within the accepted, to and testing interference received, including interference that that the as 47CFR to the following this the Records to the interference, and this operation. CA Telephone: Airport MS: Located America, Inc. completed Satisfaction from the UPC of Copy of Satisfaction EL TX P.O. of Product: B385A If based the of to with the and which included the with please completed Satisfaction Copy of UPC of Copy of
connected to interfaces. or this than interface the the authority to the NMB-003 This Class with ICES-003. interference to or reception. there with the instructions, to the interference or of the following turning the off and the user to This and and reception, which the Class to of and, and that interference This tested and found to comply with installation. If this interference to reasonable protection interference the FCC These to FCC United States reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of this information as with this of Corporation. The information contained rights of this publication to other or incurred purchaser or or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or third as of: or of this Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Copyright Notice the outlet from that to which the connected. Increase the the and receiver. or the of this and interference shielded interface with this If It the responsibility of the to and WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC which the established the FCC this the or
The Bluetooth and owned Bluetooth SIG, Inc., and to Corporation. Company, and DPOF of CANON INC., Card of products other than those as Corporation Products or Products or from the of options or Corporation. Concerning the of Copyrighted respective owners. and rights those and of their Notice: Other This information to without Inc. each to and as broad as people of the copyright when While countries copying or of copyrighted those copyright and PRINT and the PRINT Charm of Corporation. Memory Stick, and Memory Memory PRO Memory Memory Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, of Corporation. service of America, Inc. SDHC SD
On, to head, Accessories, memory shutoff, selected (DPOF), CD, software from, Charging, photo of text from, Choosing USB, from, CD of optional, C fixing, to Black-and-white Blurry to Battery,
technical from, Effects, Print, software of, to connecting to software head, to Cut-off fixing, of effects, Cleaning to DPOF Format), by,
Macintosh, software to incorrect, compatibility, selecting, light, to Memory Margins Incorrect fixing, to memory to Loading On, Lights to cleaning, to Network installation,
instructions, information, to release choosing, fixing off, to correction, slideshow, DPOF, fixing, feeding to to On On light,
from cleaning, to PRINT information, to black-and-white, to preview, to from replacing, head PIM (PRINT to to instructions, turning increasing, instructions turning off, preview, to PictBridge battery,
Software, Several selecting, and increasing instructions, Smeared to instructions instructions, Support, Slideshow, Service, Screen software feeding, to or to to memory Quality to Red-eye reduction, Release
Turning or off, Troubleshooting, Technical technical, software to Where to Warranty, to USB
Edge Memory light Memory (catches EXT. I/F USB New to The everything to and photo The following and Product photo sheets) and photo T5846 sheets) and photo T5845-M rechargeable C12C831082 carrying PMBAG06 Bluetooth C12C824383 Optional cover You and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Cartridge release information, offers, and related www.MyPictureMate.com. Cartridge
CPD-27532 Printed XXXXXX PM