rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Concerning of Copyrighted each to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright UltraChrome, UltraChrome and PRINT and of Corporation. UltraSmooth, and RPM PhotoEnhance and PhotoCenter and service of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-19345R3 Copyright Notice
R1800 of and from these advanced features: individually to inch). pigment-based, UltraChrome and they from photo as as and highlights. Black and Black of without switching and specialty to inches. including and others. Direct the of CDs and allows to of or photo or head cleaning and and and easily. USB and (IEEE To the highest USB USB connected to the with USB
R1800 (Exchangeable to the This includes information about JPEG/TIFF and them to information such as flash, and and the JPEG/TIFF printeralong with the P.I.M. II Photoshop the information to the reproduction. About Software CD-ROM includes the software the sheet instructions. and You cant without Its to free to Download instructions software includes these CD directly CDs and with photo to R1800 and easy. ICC Profiles with Photoshop and other to types. You www.epson.com/spr1800profiles. PhotoCenter free photo-sharing where and high-resolution straight from the and free postcards. software to PhotoCenter SM
About To and its software, the This instructions Loading of with or OS CDs and the At the of the the information, and the warranty. Please follow these throughout: followed to injury. to to Notes information about hints about instructions and specifications, on-screen Reference as the section.
the On-screen Reference Follow the instructions the to the on-screen Reference already. or You browsersuch as Microsoft or Firefox or or or laterto the If the correctly. Double-click the SPR1800 Reference Click topic the to the of Click the topic to If theres right arrow it to then topic. If theres arrow it to Closed to Click to to topic If graphic when Reference the to the graphic.
Loading You of as these Where to Enhanced Heavyweight* Double-sided* Double-sided Quality Quality Bright White Bright White White UltraSmooth TM Scrapbook
including Water and CDs and CD/DVD This the when than without Loading the the and the the of the The and Loading
the and the right of the the following as the first, landscape-oriented the Its whiter or brighter than the other with the or the top first. Dont the arrow the the to lightly the The might slightly feeding and the Loading
Loading the Sheet You these the as follows: type Loading Enhanced Heavyweight* Double-sided* Double-sided sheets sheets Quality A3 or Bright White sheets Bright White Quality This the when than without the and to curling. the instructions. Loading sheets sheets A3 or
Loading of If sheets of the following than inches), the to the top of the to the sheets of Heavyweight Follow these to sheets of the and its Loading
the the back of the the then the the when other of Loading the these of the White UltraSmooth Scrapbook the the CD/DVD closed and the and its Loading sheet
the the to the right. the notches the sheet with the the back of the and them as shown. Then the the top of the the beneath the cover. Turn the (the to the correctly). Loading
of the right then the the the the and the the Loading
the the the slightly. to apply light the feeding, then to allow the to the the cover and the to the straight and the If the hasnt completely and the the seconds to back the Press the to clear the then the correctly If as the Source or as the Source software or Macintosh). Loading
Loading or You 4-inch, 8.3-inch, or 13-inch (or 13-inch or with or without The instructions apply to both and otherwise noted. Its to and If to when loaded, should the otherwise appear Turn the and the the top of the If the and them the the of the the they straight. lint-free, white when the to with the Loading
the or the as shown, then the and protective from the of the the of the straight with corners. If the or frayed, feeding the If to the that straight and If the or the backwards of to touching the of the Loading
the with the with Then the other the the right. While holding the or of the the the white then the right to lightly the Dont the or the the below the white the the as as the the automatically. Loading
You to or thicker to the and the to smooth feeding. to while If of or or other to straight or or reduced the cover and the to the straight and the If the hasnt completely and the the seconds to back the the Then the to the Press the to clear the through to the If correctly Follow the instructions to or Loading
Loading
From to Follow the these sections to using basic features: With OS X Selecting the Correct To or or to P.I.M. or color-managed the from the slightly. this while the The the once the right the and and UltraChrome Choose the right the the type of selected, the loaded.
Follow these to or the From the You this EPSON R1800 selected. Click the or Preferences (If or it first.) Click the the to Select the type of Select Select options Select type Select Select or From to Click to software
of these as the Quality Option rough with reduced Text text-only with Text with text and with higher and graphics with and or graphics with high Select the loaded as the Source the the top of the the the back of the the CD/DVD CDs or the CD/DVD Select the type of as the without types, the Select the of as the Select the which or to as the Select or Select other options to the PhotoEnhance TM the and or allows to or toned black-and-white types. to the to the Prints last-page-first to the of or the From to
information about the or the Advanced the of the and Click OK You to the Click OK or to this appears. to or and of Dont or to when This to and If finishes or If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution Selecting the You apply only to the currently If the Right-click the the right of Select You the shown the then OK You the necessary. From to Click to Click to or
Follow these to or advanced On the the Advanced the right corner. Click The to the Advanced If to the Advanced each the this first The Advanced include the options as the these: selected type, including or RPM the highest types. RPM High allowing back and forth the instead of Edge Smoothing Prints smoother low-resolution such as From to
the Brightness, Contrast, Saturation, and and ICM to match If or ICC such as Photoshop, ICM then the Incorrectly applying this function or using light or To with Photoshop, Once finished selecting advanced Click OK to to the and Click the to to the Click the and with to options. Select the following as necessary: Select or options Select or options these to information or instructions them as them the or Click OK to to the and From to Select options and the of when selected the
With OS Follow the below to or the CD/DVD the or as the From the the Format and Select R1800 Select or From to
Choose the the loaded, then the from the that Choose the the with around the the and the with as the with around the the with as the the with as the instructions, CD/DVD instructions, information the selected matches the and within the choose than or than length. From to Choose
Select the or to as the Select orientation, facing right, or facing Click OK Select from the You this: the and R1800 Select from the You to Advanced Select R1800 Click and Select type the Select Select Quality or From to
Select the type of as the If cant choose type, to selected the and the and and white photographs) or Black text Select as the the or instructions Advanced the to the Quality to or using higher or to the information about You choose these options the to the of or to options to as PDF to to to and other options ColorSync to through ColorSync to ColorSync, the the or turn off the software selected option as the the to completely Thick to smearing when thick Summary to of selections Click From to
Dont or to when This to and If finishes or If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution To the of or the when appears the Then R1800 You this the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to If listed, then the Priority arrow as to the finished, (OS and or (OS From to
Follow these to using advanced Macintosh: From the from the To advanced Advanced to the these advanced options: Quality selected type, including or RPM the highest types. RPM High allowing back and forth the instead of the the high this types. From to
information advanced or instructions them as them To from the Select options as follows: the Brightness, Contrast, Saturation, and and ColorSync ColorSync to match If using or the ICC such as Photoshop, instead. off ICC such as Photoshop instead. To with or ICC when using Photoshop, With Profiles Click From to
Selecting the Correct the or to the coverage. or other or Bright White Bright White Quality Quality Enhanced Heavyweight Double-sided Double-sided White White UltraSmooth UltraSmooth Scrapbook CD/DVD with CD/DVD with these ICC From to Double-Sided
to the R1800 features, follow the instructions these or below With Profiles With Photoshop or or as Then follow the the sections to and and the or Dont or to when This to and If finishes or to If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution
Selecting Follow the of these sections to below OS X and as necessary. the then or Preferences Select the type of as the option: Water choose choose Choose or RPM and High the Advanced when the the ICC If without the Select the photo as the If photo, from the and the of photo. the of or inches the of the loaded. the to software. Dont PhotoEnhance or when or the choose or CD/DVD.
Choose as the Source The Select the based the type of then OK of photo inches with or Sheet Click OK Click OK or Follow the to OS and as necessary. Click Select R1800 as the Format Select R1800 Select the and the
Select the or as the To without choose the the of or inches the of the loaded. the to software. Click OK to the Click to the the R1800 Select from the Select the type of as the option: Select R1800
Water choose choose Choose or RPM and High when the the ICC Select Advanced then choose Quality Choose Option from the Select the based the type of of inches with or finished,
Removing Printed Follow these to Press the once to the the or the to straight. If to another the once the to the and or finished or and as follows: Press the three seconds. The or backwards of the (If it the this Turn the to the of the the Then the to off the light. the off the and the from the to its resealable or glass-covered both and and from high humidity, and sunlight.
You with the the to the of the Although and without trimming, these Heavyweight* Enhanced Double-sided* Double-sided White** UltraSmooth Scrapbook *If sheets of that than the **These the
Dont or to when This the to and If finishes checking or to If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution Follow the operating these sections to below OS X and photo the and then or Preferences Select or as the Quality Option. Choose as the Source Select the type of as the Click the checkbox. Select as the or as the Click the then the Choose the least amount of (with chance that there around the amount of or the amount of of the off around the to the of the Click OK then OK or
OS and Click Select R1800 as the Format Select the of the with as the Select of the or as the Click OK Select R1800 as the Format Select the of the
Click the R1800 Select from the the type of as the If cant choose type, to selected the and the to the Quality Choose from the then the Choose the least amount of (with chance that there around the amount of or the amount of of the off around the to the of the Click
With Profiles Follow the this section to with Photoshop (the instructions cover Photoshop CS, CS2, and CS3). follow the instructions these sections the With below Custom Profile Creating Custom With Profile To follow the the section operating below. OS Photoshop. Select from the Photoshop (Photoshop or CS) or the (Photoshop CS2 or CS3). U.S. Prepress or North America from the This RGB as the RGB and activates warning and Click OK
the to If the shown below, the (instead of the option and OK It to the If the shown below, Assign RGB: RGB and OK appears, the and as If they Assign Profile Photoshop CS and or Assign Profile Photoshop CS2 and CS3). Select of the following as the Profile RGB such as ColorMatch RGB or IEC61966-2.1 the the effects of choice the This effective when such as the or TM
Assigning to the the the of the software and appears and This the to the and Selecting Select or with If the the right, More or More Then from the Photoshop CS and Photoshop CS3 Click the to the and as necessary, then OK Photoshop CS2, Photoshop Colors CS3, Photoshop Colors Profile or and the the If with ICC the that matches the to The ICC with the SPR1800 BstPhoto.icc. Printing
the If This reduces the that the within the Select the Black Compensation Color-Managed Click the R1800 from the Select from the Select the the the Click the Advanced If using ICC the Quality to match
If of the following to On or or or or Water Turn off the High option. Select from the Select that If the apply correction to the Click to photo. IMPORTANT! Select
Photoshop. Select Select U.S. Prepress or North American Prepress from the pull-down This RGB as the RGB and activates warning mismatches and Then OK the to If the below, the (instead of the option and OK It to the If the below, Assign RGB: RGB and OK
appears, the and as displayed If they Assign Profile Photoshop CS and or Assign Profile Photoshop CS2 and CS3). Select of the following as the Profile RGB (or such as ColorMatch RGB or IEC61966-2.1 the the of choice the to the the the of the software and appears and This the to the and Click OK Selecting Select Select the and the Select the Select or Click OK
Select or with If necessary, More or More If from the pull-down Additional options appear: Photoshop CS and Photoshop CS3 Photoshop CS2, Photoshop Colors CS3, Photoshop Colors Profile or and the the If with ICC the that matches the to The ICC with the SPR1800 the or Relative If This reduces the that the within the Select the Black
Color-Managed Click the selected, and the or Preferences If using ICC the Quality Option to match Select the the the Click the Advanced and Turn off the High and Edge Smoothing they Select the ICM then the that If the apply correction to the IMPORTANT! Select ICM, then the
If of the following the checkbox selected: or or or or Water Click OK Click OK or to If selected the of and these If than expected and/or strong yellow-brown turned off both Photoshop and the to the or with instructions Photoshop OS X) or the Source option to RGB selected the the Profile If than expected and/or light turned both Photoshop and the to the instructions OS X) or to the Advanced or to off
Custom Profile Follow the this section to and each type to ready to the follow the operating below. OS Photoshop and the profile-building software If as Select with the the More necessary), then choose the Select Photoshop CS2 and CS3 or as Source as the Profile Photoshop CS and
Click the Select R1800 from the Format Select the and then OK Click the Select from the then from the Select the the Click the Advanced Select as the Quality Turn off the High option.
Select from the Click IMPORTANT! Select Click to these to each type and Quality to with. Photoshop and the If as Select or with the the More necessary), then choose the Photoshop CS2 and CS3 or as Source the Profile Photoshop CS and Click the Click the or Preferences
Click the Advanced and Select the type the the Select the or Turn off the High and Edge Smoothing options, they Click the ICM and Click OK Click OK or to these to each type and Quality Option to with. Creating Custom Profile If creating follow the instructions with profile-building software (such as or GretagMacbeth to the printed. Once the to the as recommended Microsoft or IMPORTANT! Select ICM, then
With Photoshop If using Photoshop with of the EasyPrint interface when ready to It directly from the to the or Preferences to the This conflicts software and them both match. Complete instructions using Photoshop the Started with Photoshop Follow these to and the EasyPrint interface: To the the Photoshop Select and You the and the top of the the containing the photo(s) to Select from the and choose option such as From and Then the photo(s). If to to If ready to to To photo, the and choose To or To and ready to to to from If the EasyPrint interface. To the and then
Select from the You the EasyPrint interface: as necessary. Click to Click options Select EPSON R1800 Select type Choose and Click Select other
CDs and includes that graphics, and directly CD or DVD. The CD software easy to and with of effects. You both and CDs. only CDs or thermal-printable or CDs or You CDs and with from or such as www.pcmall.com, www.americaL.com, www.macconnection.com, and www.pcconnection.com. Follow the these sections to CDs or Cleaning the CD or DVD the the
Cleaning the CDs or to the the You this feeding and sheets of the and the and the Turn the and sheets of Press the to feed the Press the to the and to completely the CD or DVD the or CDs or or scratches the when the If to of CDs or to then and the to satisfactory. If to the or CD or DVD, the or the Turn the CD or DVD, the turned the correctly. from the then the and the If the and them the the of the CDs and
the cover and the top of the CD/DVD as shown. the CD/DVD CDs and
the CD or DVD the CD with the white or To CD the CD the first, then the CD the the CD when CDs and that the CD and the otherwise the the the CD/DVD the the arrows the and the as shown below. Press the to the CD or DVD It when the flashing. CD to CD or DVD instructions, the on-screen then CD or DVD, following the instructions below. CDs and this with CDs the to each other
created and CD or DVD, ready to If hub-printable CD or DVD, to the the of CD or DVD, then the and the information CDs and the CD on-screen CD, necessary, and the and EPSON R1800 selected, then The CD or DVD and the the CD or DVD To allow the to least hours the or from and sunlight. If to the or the instructions the and the CDs and
the If and text the to the the included with or CD. You these to the CD or DVD. the (or CD) the CD and the as CD. Select from the EPSON R1800 selected, then Confirmation or (Macintosh). Click The the or CD and the the CDs and
the or CD and the from the of the to the and as shown). with these the and You this: or Entry checked. the the Height (Top) or Top the the (Right) or Right Click OK to the the If smears CDs or to the or from differently, to the each type of Follow these instructions to and as necessary. EPSON CD. CD or DVD as Select from the CDs and
EPSON R1800 selected, then Confirmation or Click The the and the the printed, the and the Correction or Correction (Macintosh) or as necessary. You three Each location. the first printed, the then through selecting or to the If to third Correction through and Third or Third the CD or DVD and least hours. Then the You the Brightness and CD to the CD instructions. CDs and
Follow the instructions this chapter to its and to necessary: Cleaning the Head below Cartridge the Head Cleaning the the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or or to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning it least once month to This section to the head the and Cleaning and the Head Cleaning the and Cleaning first, to the and the If with quality, manually clean the head. You the head holding the the three seconds (when the light off).
Automatically Checking and Cleaning the Head The and Cleaning that the then reads to If cleaning the cleans the head. the turned and the light off. (If the light flashing or to sheets of the sheet of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning If the appear, (and right-click EPSON R1800 and Preferences Select the and and Cleaning OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R1800 OK and and Cleaning Follow the instructions the The and the shown below. If cleaning necessary, then cleans the head and and another The and to If head clogged, displays on-screen to manually the head. Follow the instructions to the head, necessary. If the You the off and overnightthis allows to then try cleaning the head
the Head Cleaning the turned and the light off. (If the light flashing or to of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning If the appear, (and right-click EPSON R1800 and Preferences Select the and Head Cleaning OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R1800 OK and Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about which the and the light flashes. turn off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the light flashing, the Click then or Confirmation then Next (Macintosh). The If the or (as shown below),
If the white or (as shown below), Clean to the head If cleaning the head three or four the You the off and overnightthis allows to then the head Cartridge the light flashes, the light to You the cover to the light indicating that or to replaced. than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the light off. Dont or to when This to and If finishes or to If the of the of and necessary,
Checking the To of of the following: Double-click the the You this: OS Choose Applications EPSON SP R1800 EPSON You this: Click to information about the Purchasing Cartridges these within months of them and the the To and them. Other products to covered warranty. You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca T054420 T054320 T054220 Black T054820 Black T054120 T054720 T054920 T054020
Cartridge Warning: of the reach of the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with To the the head hand. You expended. the the obtained the the head and Cartridges Once the You whether the light off, flashing, or the turned (the light should flashing). Then the cover. Press the The head and the light flashes. If light flashing or (indicating or the cartridge(s) indicated beneath the light(s) to replaced. the cover. Press the the back of the of the and of
the four or its (Dont unpacked.) the from its Dont the board the front of the operation and the its The with the board the front of the Press the clicks If to other through the cover, the top clicks, then the cover. Press the The charging the The light and lights flash and the Charging about seconds. finished, the light flashing and The light and the light(s) the cartridge(s) turn off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than
the Head If or light or to the head. You the and the head or and the yourself. Automatically the Head Turn the of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head If the appear, (and right-click EPSON R1800 and Preferences Select the and Head OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R1800 OK and Head You this: Click the necessary, then OK On the The and and then and finished, the
Manually the Head Turn the of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head If the appear, (and right-click EPSON R1800 and Preferences Select the and Head OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R1800 OK and Head Click the then OK You this as the On the the each that the least noticeable You to or Select each through Then the each the boxes the If the each Realignment to another and this the the
Cleaning the To its should Turn off the the cord, and the interface the then to the Clean the of the with cloth. the and cover closed as the If to clean of the of the cloth to only the shown below: Warning: Dont the or the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or apply or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the Clean
Transporting the If to its or Follow these Turn the Turn off the and the from the Then the from the the and the to the using Then the cover. to the the its location. from the then the the and the Repack the and its the the protective that with them. the as the the If the head the head the to the
to what the of Then these sections and Software Installation Quality CD/DVD Uninstalling and Software Where To Its to free to Download instructions
and closed IEEE Sheet cover CD/DVD and lights USB
The below the of the buttons. or or multiple-sheet-feed while the head to the and to its Prints and to the to the of the when seconds. the and off. the the light or off. Lights The below the of the lights. To indicated the lights, below. Light On: of the or the CD/DVD On: expended. On: turned or charging cleaning the head, or the Cleans the head. the seconds when the light off. isnt the currently selected path, or the the
the lights below) or Lights Explanation light The flashes charging or cleaning the head. light flashes then follow the to light expended, correctly, or with the light or the or the CD/DVD completely. Follow the to or the correctly. If and the If or the the to the then off and then instructions, instructions of instructions or CD/DVD instructions the CD/DVD correctly.
Lights Explanation light flashes or the CD/DVD head or trying to or CD/DVD with the loaded. light light flashes light flashes light flashes light flashes light flashes If off the and the the cover and or torn Then of the following: or Turn the and the off the then the and CD/DVD Gently the CD/DVD and the instructions the CD/DVD correctly. If to path, another path, the or CD/DVD. or the head from to the or the and the CD/DVD Turn off the the cover, and or torn or the CD/DVD Then the back If the or unknown occurred. Turn off the seconds, and If the lights flashing, or
You to whether from the or other Turn off and then the interface the the then and release the to the the light flashes. the ROM and If the the software interface or or software correctly. If the with the and below. Turn off the the interface and turn and and and Software The installation. the charge its head about and finished (the light flashing) turn off the or the the completely, the cover closed, and the Turn off the then back to clear the
or the software. turned and its securely connected both Follow the the and the other including and protectors, and If with software If using and the USB from the USB correctly. If using the using USB If on-screen Reference instructions selected as the the the light nothing the interface securely connected both and the as If the software correctly. If network as Reference The sounds as though nothing The head cleaning; instructions. The properly or
when or awhile. too the recommended You Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the Select or the Quality/Speed to (Macintosh). Turn High and off, If connected to USB USB USB connected to USB
Quality You (light Clean the head; instructions. Select higher and off High or Select the or the of the usually whiter or The replacing; the head as or smeared. isnt curled, or face-down with or the specifications the Reference and absorption of If the types, smears, or other the head as Select the Thick software. Access the from the as follows: Click and and Option Information OS Select from the
or Clean the head; instructions. The or Select the or (Macintosh) the isnt dirty, or face-down. Dont or to when This to and If finishes or to If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution higher or higher the head as Increase the or software You or selected (Macintosh), when and white photographs. Clean the head; instructions. The or turning off PhotoEnhance that
the exactly match on-screen to as as the Photoshop instructions If and/or yellow-brown or light, overexposed and or light-blue the or If the the Press the to the then the If when the or too thin. sheets correctly. If or feed, from the the of the them the right of the and the the too tightly. Dont the arrow the If of that than the built the Cleaning S041150) to the the cleaning sheets that with they Follow these to the the the instruction from the of the cleaning follow the instructions the they Follow the instead.
the cleaning the as shown below. the of the cleaning Press the to the through the the and to feed the through Then the cleaning sheets the Press the to the If that the following: Turn off the from the
from the or the cover and correctly or the the of the straight across. If the or the feed smoothly. If the curled, the sheet of and it backwards the the the the the the and to force the Select as the Source or the and of the OS X). Other too instructions. If the three seconds to the the necessary). If the light the the as
CD/DVD You cant the CD/DVD easily. Dont force the CD/DVD the Turn and follow the The CD/DVD when CD/DVD Follow the to the CD/DVD the to the The CD/DVD Gently the and the to off the light. correctly the CD or DVD. You to the CD; The inverted, as Turn off the software or the or instructions. The selected the or the or Clean the head; instructions.
You incorrect characters. the interface securely connected both and the selected the or the or If switch or USB with the directly to instead. The incorrect. the or OS X). Choose the The within the of the Specifications on-screen Reference the right of the with the the correctly or Too printed. that the option software or incorrect. the and options correctly.
Uninstalling and Software You to and then and operating You to other software or the Reference Click and or to or EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall the EPSON R1800 and OK Then follow the instructions. when the Account then to then the to software. OS the Software CD-ROM the CD-ROM the Double-click the the English then the OSX Double-click the If the Authenticate appears, or phrase and OK the appears, Uninstall from the the and Uninstall
Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. If the of the or Utility, from and the Macintosh, then the to software. Where To If with CD, or the P.I.M. II Photoshop, the information below. with other software that with Technical these technical services: and to You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative please the following information ready: Product (EPSON R1800) Product (located the back of the and its of purchase (such as and of purchase and operating of the
Then U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Technical Other Software Software or Telephone AM to PM to
and Notices To and its software, that has: Microsoft PC with or higher 4-class, or higher recommended) XP, XP Professional Edition, or 512MB RAM (2GB recommended) 300MB (1GB recommended) or CD-ROM or DVD-ROM the software USB Windows-compliant USB or USB (recommended) and shielded USB AB USB recommended), IEEE-1394 IEEE-1394 and IEEE-1394 To and its software, that has: Apple with or G4 GHZ recommended), G5, or Core TM OS through 512MB RAM (2GB recommended) 300MB (1GB recommended) or CD-ROM or DVD-ROM the software USB shielded USB AB USB recommended), and
Instructions using these instructions to and effectively: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the and from of interference, such as or telephone locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the least inches the back of the and the the or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or or the its or upside-down. This allow to from the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the off the Dont switch off the or the the light off. or cover the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. and Notices
Cartridge Instructions of the reach of when there around the supply If off with and If them with the or touch the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of first them. cool, with the of the facing from allow to least three hours or from its from its this or tear the this the or to them. This the head. the IC the front of the This and If the from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding and Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 and Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR Operation to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B321A and Notices
America, Inc. Warranty What Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the and from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or certified This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. and Notices SM
SPECIAL NOTE TO COMMERCIAL USERS This offered as high With and the with performance the year warranty this or high of the repairs, or service from such covered Warranty. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to America, Inc. P. O. CA and Notices
and Notices
Photoshop, with, to Advanced to to head, to head head cleaning, Background to to Blurry to Bright White Browser, to C CDs and to to to to with, Characters, incorrect, Checking Cleaning head, to Cleaning sheets, to to with to to Custom to Custom to to Declaration of Conformity, to
Edge Smoothing to Enhanced to PhotoCenter, CD, to warranty, to Print, FCC Features, Head Cleaning to to other software, Troubleshooting High to Index ICM Matching) Incorrect characters, of replacing, to instructions, Macintosh, to Inverted to Lights, to to to software, to to Margins, incorrect,
Black to Macintosh, Network to Macintosh, feeding to to to sheet to Source Black RPM software, PhotoCenter, PhotoEnhance, Water Bright White Preprinted CD software, to Macintosh, head to cleaning, to Head to CD/DVD, to Quality to cleaning, to to to to advanced, to to CDs and to Macintosh, basic, to basic, to with to to CD/DVD, to software, to feeding, to to to to software, to
Quality Option Quality/Speed Reference to software, to to to instructions, to Service, to to to sheet to Smeared Software photo, CD, to summary, to Source Support, to Technical to Testing Text Text Thick Transporting Troubleshooting, to UltraSmooth Uninstalling software, to USB, and Cleaning, Head to Check, to Head to to Warranty, to White, advanced to basic to software, to