Pbasics.book PM EPSON R300
Pbasics.book PM rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Concerning the of Copyrighted and photocopiers, and copying and of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as broad as people EPSON each to and of the copyright when using and EPSON, EPSON EPSON and MicroWeave and PRINT Matching and the PRINT Matching of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. RPM EPSON EPSON PhotoCenter, EPSON SoundAdvice, and EPSON service and Performance EPSON Software, ColorLife, PhotoEnhance, and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. CPD-17018R4 Inc. Copyright Notice
Pbasics.book PM EPSON R300 directly from memory You directly from of or You and easy with If to them immediately to or and from PC. of the features: highlights, and of EPSON and and CD and DVD CDs and with or without Ground-breaking Performance (RPM the and of of and performance, with Three built-in memory CompactFlash and II, Card, Memory Stick, Memory Memory DUO, and IBM USB the front only) or such as or CD-R directly to the This memory to CD-R or and without (The the back of the connecting the to If the EPSON R300M, to Bluetooth optional wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled PDAs,
Pbasics.book PM About PRINT EPSON R300 includes revolutionary PRINT PRINT and together to the that PRINT include EPSON, JVC, Olympus, Ricoh, and with or www.printimagematching.com to PRINT included with With PRINT Matching, the options each These options sharpness, and and reduction highlight and The this information each JPEG (and TIFF from P.I.M. with software, such as EPSON Software Factory, or the P.I.M. II Photoshop the information to the reproduction. include PRINT Matching EPSON R300 About The (Exchangeable includes information about JPEG and them to information such as flash, and the JPEG printeralong with EPSON Software Factory or P.I.M. II the information to the reproduction.
Pbasics.book PM About Software The software CD-ROM that with includes the software the instructions. and You cant from without Its to to Download instructions software includes these EPSON Software Factory that and flash. Supports PRINT (both P.I.M. and P.I.M. II) and Print. EPSON PhotoStarter and memory If to automaticallyand of programswhenever memory (These with P.I.M. II Photoshop PRINT and when JPEG or TIFF from P.I.M.-, P.I.M. II-, or (Compatible with Photoshop and and Photoshop and on-screen Reference about You browsersuch as Microsoft or or or or laterto the EPSON PhotoCenter free photo-sharing where and high-resolution straight from the and free with software to the EPSON PhotoCenter SM About Software
Pbasics.book PM About To and its software, the basic without the Reference This information, warranty, and instructions Reference of without with or CDs, and creating the about with, or troubleshooting on-screen Reference as below. Notes, and Please follow these to injury. to to Notes information about hints On-Screen Reference CD-ROM includes on-screen Reference You browsersuch as Microsoft or or or or laterto If the correctly. (A included the software CD-ROM.) You the Reference of the following: Double-click the SPR300 Reference You (or XP), EPSON SPR300 Reference then Reference Double-click the SPR300 Reference
Pbasics.book PM first the Reference this Click to the of Click topic the to the of then the topic to If theres right arrow to then topic. Click the arrow to Closed to Click to to topic If graphic when Reference the to the graphic. About
Pbasics.book PM
Pbasics.book PM EPSON EPSON offers of that and professional This chapter Choosing the below Loading the Sheet Loading instructions CDs and or from Choosing the Once which to to the type of to them the and helpful Select type of to of the EPSON the back cover. the EPSON and If incompatible the Select and to the the Advanced stand-alone (without to to the choosefrom to 6-inch stand-alone only.) You and of Stand-alone the To EPSON the EPSON SM or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Pbasics.book PM Loading the the and the the right of the the (whiter or of the If the of to Dont the arrow the Reference the the to the the and the You should follow these the first, when the instructions. included the the and to curling. EPSON
Pbasics.book PM Loading You to the the right of the them with the facing to the Then the the each or with the Select these software: the Type/Media the the of the OS X, click the OS X), or OS to information. Loading
Pbasics.book PM With photographs from EPSON R300 years. The EPSON to when with EPSON that properly or with and life: EPSON that or protective to them from atmospheric humidity, and high of with photographs, from high and and of sunlight. EPSON recommends that or photo acid-free, archival commonly from stores. to follow other and instructions included the EPSON
Pbasics.book PM Without EPSON R300 and easily without memory choose from the and the the it and as Then follow the instructions these the Choosing or Advanced Selecting Selected Touching and Information to CD or Bluetooth With
Pbasics.book PM EPSON R300 to hand-in-hand with the With PRINT from easily and automatically. with PictBridge or DPOF Format), to which to to PRINT If PRINT (P.I.M. or P.I.M. II), this whenever With PRINT Matching, instructions photo might include commands sharpness and clarity, while might focusing and tones. to the or its memory the PRINT Matching commands and applied; this the reproduction of the displayed the to that PRINT If to PRINT Matching, off as You PRINT when from DPOF or PictBridge DPOF and PictBridge of that and of each to right from the PictBridge instructions, and allows to when connecting directly to the to the or its memory DPOF or PictBridge displays as the option; and the of to selected; to choose type and then DPOF and PictBridge, Without PRINT Matching
Pbasics.book PM the EPSON R300 On memory below) On such as CD-R or On Bluetooth-enabled with the optional Bluetooth The should comply with DCF the these JPEG or only from to than (although or the the first Memory Card with of memory cards. Follow these to memory the turned then the memory the as shown: the memory cover. CompactFlash or Memory Stick, SD or MMC or Card (right) the
Pbasics.book PM the reads and counts the of The cant once. Memory Card finished from memory the light below the flashing while the light flashing, or the To the straight of the Connecting or If of the following directly to USB with PictBridge or USB DP USB CD/DVD and (selected of USB (high-speed) recommended or 250MB AC or USB Memory with USB (such as the MicroTech MO If about or connecting If that the connected used. EPSON the of or If as FAT16 Also, attached to the to that or or containing (You prompted from CDs that from photo Without
or the memory Follow these to memory from the (If the from the instead of or the USB from or to the EXT I/F USB the front of the USB to the that with the Turn the and or the reads and counts the of to this the and If backed CD, or another theyre the and the to highlight the to then OK to the
Pbasics.book PM Choosing or Advanced You to and easy 6-inch photo EPSON Advanced with type and that and and other to You Advanced to functions from the this the to to the Advanced To the Reference Selecting selecting the to memory or or CD to the If the EPSON R300 If the EPSON R300M the to easily Once know which of of or the If PictBridge or DPOF Format) to the to to the memory or with PictBridge, PictBridge or DPOF displays as the and selected. (If to PictBridge or DPOF, choose Without Press to choose or Advanced
Pbasics.book PM Selecting One You photo, then or of of layouts. If the first to the the memory Highlight Select then OK the Select the and buttons to highlight the of the to then OK to If to than of this photo, highlight and OK then the and buttons to the of and OK with Selected to and Selecting of You or then them as of layouts. If selected than the as the If the first to the the memory Highlight Select then OK To To of the to highlight then OK (If the displays the first the and buttons to the to then OK If to than of this photo, the and buttons to the of then OK and each to To of selected highlight and OK Then If selected the photo, from the of selected its of to with Selected to and Without Computer
Pbasics.book PM Selected Once selected follow these to the Press the and buttons to highlight then OK to the Highlight the type of loaded, then OK (If about the type, the Its to the the or the what the then the of loaded. the of the following: Prints fits the the Prints with around the Prints the top of the Prints Prints four Prints Prints the and with each photo. Prints of Prints with of the Prints with twenty-four each of the If the to the to and Crop options If selected photo, or of of selected the then from to Without
Pbasics.book PM If selected of with the option, or using DPOF or PictBridge, the of displayed as to the this If further Touching and and Information Press the To while the and from high and and of sunlight. information about and Selecting the Correct to the This the what of the coverage accordingly. the should choose from when to this Select this EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Scrapbook EPSON EPSON Heavyweight TM Scrapbook EPSON TM ColorLife EPSON Iron-On Iron-on EPSON Cards Selected
Pbasics.book PM One-Touch If there and them the Custom From the of the following to Correction Brightness Quality Sharpness Its to of the the Custom Press and the Custom least three seconds, that to the Custom to the loaded, then If the Custom additional the and with Without
Pbasics.book PM Touching EPSON R300 the and the of without of These only They These when off the or choose of to off the when below) If PRINT or Print, the P.I.M. or to the If PRINT or Print, PhotoEnhance to the type of which If too light or too their brightness, or the and sharpness. If while P.I.M., Print, or PhotoEnhance turned to the the to Press the More highlighted, then OK the and buttons to highlight Correction then OK Choose from these options and then OK P.I.M. PRINT (this option selected when P.I.M. (this option selected when Touching
Pbasics.book PM PhotoEnhance the brightness, and of to P.I.M., Exif, or PhotoEnhance. To the appearance of from and low-resolution PDAs, the to choose then highlight On and OK to this option off when or slowly.) These when turn off the or choose of to off the when To to the ones, follow the the section. Manually Press the to highlight then OK Highlight Brightness Sharpness or then OK Choose then OK These when off the or choose of to off the when Without
Pbasics.book PM and EPSON R300 the with options: Crop and to Press the to highlight More then OK To of highlight Crop and OK You choose from options. The and the of photo to the higher of the of the Right If the yellow around the (shown the only as rough The appears the choosing and what Right Right and
Pbasics.book PM Choose option and OK (Choose to off If too or to the selected of the cropped. If to off white the of the photo), highlight to and OK then highlight and OK Cropped These when turn off the or choose of remember to off the when Information You the and each as as the the right of Highlight More then OK To the highlight then OK Highlight month, and formatting option, then OK To the highlight then OK Highlight 12-hour or 24-hour and OK To and ISO highlight Information then OK Highlight On then OK to the or Information turned the information which they allowed. These when off the or choose of to the back to or when Without to turned to turned off
Pbasics.book PM EPSON cards, CDs, and iron-on without turning You the following EPSON EPSON CardsS041606 EPSON Iron-On To EPSON or the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please You CDs and from or from including www.pcmall.com, www.warehouse.com, www.macconnection.com, and www.pcconnection.com. purchase CDs and that
Pbasics.book PM Cards With EPSON Cards, right the front of each Select the photo to as Follow the instructions the to sheet of with the the with the the right. Highlight then OK Highlight then OK To without around to to On If the as the of the perforation and off. Optionally, the or or or Press the Without the
Pbasics.book PM With Iron-On With EPSON Iron-On to T-shirts, or about or The of that once the to as Follow the instructions the to of the with the the right. Highlight then OK Highlight Iron-on then OK Optionally, the or or or Press the Follow the instructions that with the to the
Pbasics.book PM On CDs or includes that directly CD or DVD. You CDs and only CDs or Thermal-printable and CDs and should with this Cleaning the CDs or to the the You this feeding and ejecting sheets of the turned and loaded. Press the to choose and OK Press the to highlight Feed/Paper and OK Press OK to the Feed/Paper highlighted, then OK Press OK to the from the and Without
Pbasics.book PM the or CDs or or scratches the when the If to of CDs or to then and the to satisfactory. CD or DVD, the turned the correctly. Then follow these to CDs and If the correctly, the or the and the the CD/DVD LCD displays and then to the CD/DVD
Pbasics.book PM You with The and that the the CD This when from the only. Select the photo to as Loading the Sheet Highlight then OK Highlight the the then OK Select the or as Press the to to CD or If the that memory or CD-R. This the memory and without Once or CD, them To back or 250MB or CD-R/RW (with USB stores. The its USB CD-R/RW If Macintosh-formatted attached to the to that empty, or that You prompted the turned and the memory to back the If the connected to the USB that the to to CD or
Pbasics.book PM USB from to the EXT. I/F USB the front of the Press the Direct Press OK the OK to the to follow instructions the the to or CD-R. there this Once the the or the or If to the the Stop To or CD-R, follow the instructions Connecting or Without EXT/IF USB
Pbasics.book PM Bluetooth With To and wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled such as PDAs, and computers, the optional Bluetooth from EPSON. The Bluetooth (C12C824142) from or the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please While this with the Bluetooth specification, to with with Bluetooth wireless The of this approximately however, this including electricity and interference, software, operating reception and performance. The following Profile (BIP), Hardcopy Profile (HCRP), and Profile (OPP). Connecting the Bluetooth the top of the Bluetooth then it the EXT. I/F USB the front of the the Bluetooth while the Doing the to malfunction. The Bluetooth light second. If the light the from the then Bluetooth With
Pbasics.book PM Disconnecting the Bluetooth the Bluetooth the section that connected to the and from the USB as shown below. the while it with another or while the (while the light flashing). Doing the to malfunction. the the section. Doing the Without this section
Pbasics.book PM With Bluetooth Bluetooth, to using the LCD then to the from Below of to the Bluetooth and this the that with Bluetooth and Bluetooth-enabled instructions. the LCD to choose the of to (To than to first as the Select If from Advanced choose the and Select the to from Bluetooth and to the within about of the using the chose. Bluetooth-enabled information, to If using the software included with Bluetooth to with using EPSON software. the included with Bluetooth If OS or the Bluetooth to with the and the Bluetooth to photo to the instructions. Bluetooth With
Pbasics.book PM Bluetooth If necessary, LCD to choose Bluetooth wireless You to or the the Bluetooth-enabled from which to Press the to choose More and OK Choose the Bluetooth option below. Item BT EPSON R300- BT Without This allows Bluetooth-enabled to freely the and This unknown from the To first search the once the once, to with and from This that with and from the If Bluetooth-enabled the distinguish them assigning each (from through To the the off and then back
Pbasics.book PM Item BT Encryption On/Off BT BT the factory Bluetooth PIN Select On to Encryption that with and from the The allows to the that selected as the Communication or Encryption On. the Bluetooth of the Bluetooth With
Pbasics.book PM This the You to to the Option Crop Correction P.I.M. Brightness Sharpness Information to On Quality High Bidirectional On Memory Card Normal Advanced Without
Pbasics.book PM From from and CDs or with text or or and and then them software as the To from Factory or EPSON CD, which included the CD-ROM that with If from them to the memory memory information. If PRINT Matching (P.I.M. or P.I.M. II) or Print, these to the of photographs. of follow the instructions these Copying to Computer Selecting the Correct On CDs or PRINT
Copying to If with the memory memory and the to You the of the and connected USB and turned the memory the the as shown: It to the this than or to which the the from. XP, this: You choose or options to or On with OS or OS appear You the and to If iPhoto TM and to when connected, when memory or OS PhotoStarter and to the If this the first memory this instead. Follow the instructions to to the and From
Pbasics.book PM copying the as If the from and from the to the or the the correctly with and the to the the and and to the from PhotoStarter the Next The PhotoStarter Click Next The of about PhotoStarter to The the following whenever memory PhotoStarter to the The Factory automatically. Factory and from and easily. To learn about this of the then Next the Confirmation You back and to (or Factory and EPSON the and choose On the EPSON PhotoStarter then EPSON PhotoStarter the and choose to
Pbasics.book PM Memory Card Once finished copying from memory follow the below to to the USB from while the light flashing, or without the below, or the the USB operating to of the following: On the memory from to the If XP or the or the XP, USB Stop USB To straight of the From the You this EPSON R300 selected. From Select Click to software
Pbasics.book PM Click the Preferences or (If or Then Preferences or the Select the following the Preferences or Select Select or Select from these Quality rough with reduced Text: text-only with higher text Text with text and with higher and graphics with and Photo: or graphics with high The Quality this the of and the highest RPM) selected the Advanced the Then instructions selecting RPM. Select the type of
Pbasics.book PM Select the the loaded. Selecting the Correct information about types. Select other as shown information about the or Click OK At the OK or to this appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You Selecting apply to the currently If the Right the the right of Select You the shown Select the then OK You the necessary. From Click to Click to or
Pbasics.book PM follow the basic of these sections to OS below. OS to OS If from OS follow the below to (If thats with follow the instead. From the You this the Format and the R300 about Select the from the with the selected matches the and within the the choose than the or than the the Reference specifications.) If to the of the finished with the OK the to Select R300 the and
Pbasics.book PM Select from the You this: the and R300 Select from the Select the following as necessary: information about From Select the chose the Format the Click and Select type Select and and white photographs) or Black text Select Select Quality or
Pbasics.book PM You choose these options the to the of or to options to as PDF to the the or off the software Summary to of selections Click To the of the when appears the Then R300 You this: the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to If and to the other(s), the and the arrow to finished,
Pbasics.book PM with OS to From the You the following: SP R300 selected. If to the Chooser. Select the and other Then OK To without To to Reference From the You the following: The thing to to the the From Select Select higher or SP R300 Select Select the of Select the type of Select the
Pbasics.book PM You to the following Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to to or black-and-white photo. To Black the option to Its the to of the the to Quality or to high-quality or types). You the following: Click to reduce or layouts, or Click to background and Click to the to You then to Click to information about the Click to If turned background the EPSON selecting the Application the of If using background and to the and the information printingfor or on-screen Reference and from high and and of sunlight. information about and
Pbasics.book PM You higher and selecting of effects. You advanced higher or selecting of and layouts. On the the Advanced the right of the If Select the following advanced as necessary: Quality as Click to RPM the and Select as necessary the highest RPM Please that this information about advanced or instructions them as them the or If to the Advanced each the this first From Select (To choose ICM first)
Pbasics.book PM Once finished selecting advanced Click OK to to the and Click the to to the Click the and with to Select the following as necessary: Select and options these to information the or Click OK to then OK or Select options and
Pbasics.book PM OS X, Advanced OS or Custom then Advanced Select higher RPM the and types) Select higher necessary. selected type.) necessary. OS Select from the Select other advanced to the OS Click Print. OS to Click OK to then From
Pbasics.book PM Selecting the Correct to the This the what of the coverage accordingly. the should choose when from Select this this or EPSON Iron-On EPSON Bright White Bright White EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Heavyweight EPSON Double-Sided Scrapbook EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Cards EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Scrapbook EPSON EPSON *The of location. Quality Heavyweight Selecting the Correct
Pbasics.book PM You without the the to the of the Although or without trimming. type or EPSON inches) Heavyweight Heavyweight EPSON inches) EPSON inches) EPSON inches) EPSON inches) If and From
then follow the below operating the first, landscape-oriented the Its whiter or brighter than the other to the instructions. Follow these to photo and photo. the and Then or Preferences
Pbasics.book PM You the following Select Select Select or Select or as the Quality Choose as the Source Select of the following types: Heavyweight Click the checkbox. the and OK Select Select or as the Click OK then OK or From Select the type of
Pbasics.book PM OS Select from the You this the Format and R300(Sheet Choose the with using the selected matches the and within the the choose than the or than the the Reference specifications.) Click OK Select from the the and R300(Sheet the option chose the Format the Click Select R300(Sheet Choose the
Pbasics.book PM OS to Select from the You this Click this Select the Source and and the Click OK Select from the and then From Choose the and
Pbasics.book PM On CDs or includes that graphics, and directly CD or DVD. The EPSON CD software easy to and with of effects. You both CDs and CDs. CDs or Thermal-printable and CDs and should with this You CDs and from or www.pcmall.com, www.warehouse.com, www.macconnection.com, and www.pcconnection.com. purchase CDs and that Follow the these Cleaning the below CDs and CD or DVD the the Cleaning the CDs or to the the You this feeding and sheets of the turned and loaded. Press the to choose More and OK Press the to highlight Feed/Paper and OK Press OK to feed the Feed/Paper highlighted, then OK Press OK to the from the and On CDs or
Pbasics.book PM CDs and You EPSON CD to and with graphics, and To background the or Background You the following: of the following: Click the then to the where and OK You of the the Select and OK Click Select Background the where the and then already chosen background, Click Select to choose background. From Click to background
Pbasics.book PM If to the template or of the following: Click the background then of the features. You the brightness, and or apply or effects. To of the following: Click the text to the CD and the to apply formatting and effects, then OK (To the of Click the to of Select the of then of the options the Text You the text with of the options the and On CDs or
To of the then the or finished, choose as from the to To to of CD or DVD. the then follow the instructions to ready to CD or DVD, follow the instructions CD or DVD below. CD or DVD the or CDs or or scratches the when the If to of CDs or to then and the to satisfactory. If to the or the instructions the and the CD or DVD, the turned the correctly. Then follow these to CDs and If the correctly, the or the and the From
Pbasics.book PM the CD/DVD the CD or DVD the CD with the white or the the To CD the CD the first, then the CD the the CD when CDs and that the CD and the otherwise the this with CDs On CDs or
the or the the and the Dont the too the exactly. Follow the instructions below to with EPSON CD. created and CD or DVD, to the and or of the following: R300 selected, the Source to and the to A4 From
Pbasics.book PM OS X: R300 selected and the to A4 OS R300 selected, the Source to and the to A4 Click OK the and Then of the following: the below, OK On CDs or
Pbasics.book PM OS X: the below, choose from the Choose Choose CD/DVD the then OS the below, Click OK or (Macintosh). the CD or DVD To allow the to least hours the or from and sunlight. Printing From Choose CD/DVD
Pbasics.book PM If to the or the instructions the below and the the If and text or the to the the included with or CD. You these to the CD or DVD: the (or CD) the CD and the as EPSON CD. Follow the instructions to EPSON R300 selected, and the Source to or Select from the or OS Confirmation (or OS X, choose EPSON CD from the then choose On CDs or OS OS
Pbasics.book PM Click OK or The the or CD. the or CD and the from the of the to the and as shown). with these the and You this: or Entry checked, then input the the Height or Top the the (Right) or Right Click OK to the to the EPSON CD From
Pbasics.book PM the If smears CDs or to the or CDs from differently, to the each type of Follow these instructions to and then as necessary. CD or DVD as EPSON CD. Follow the instructions to EPSON R300 selected, the to A4 and the Source to or OS Select from the or OS Confirmation (or OS X, EPSON CD from the then choose Confirmation Click OK or the printed, the and the Correction (or Correction lighter or as necessary. You three Each location. the first printed, the then through selecting or to the If to third Correction through and Third or Third the CD or DVD and least hours. Then the You the Brightness and EPSON CD to CDs and instructions. On CDs or
Pbasics.book PM PRINT With PRINT (P.I.M. or P.I.M. II), instructions might include commands sharpness and clarity, while might focusing and tones. If PRINT Matching, this when with of the following: Factory, as below P.I.M. II Photoshop, as Factory If PRINT or Print, these when with Factory to the with P.I.M. isnt complicated, and the corrections right from P.I.M. to them yourself. the PRINT Matching You Factory to and and Factory Factory. You the Factory From
Pbasics.book PM Click then choose You the below: Click to or existing PRINT If with Factory, from the or the on-screen Started that with Factory. of or the and New If with that PRINT the P.I.M. appears thumbnails. Right-click or Ctrl thumbnail to information about the P.I.M., P.I.M. II, or the (If retouched PRINT the P.I.M. appear.) Click the to or the the top of the to the Then to To photo Factory, the then: Click From to from Click From to from or CD-ROM. Click From PC Card to from PC Click From to from or If already selected, the software If and or PRINT Matching
Pbasics.book PM Click the to option. the Prints You buttons each to follow, as shown. You and and or with photo. other such as brightness and P.I.M. or and To P.I.M. or and photo of the photo Then to ready to with the the section. ready to the Assignment You this Click to the with photo From Select
Pbasics.book PM and OS to Select these options the the of the this selected or Margins OS Select these options the the of the this selected Select or If to the with photo, the Click the the of the You Select the of to these the P.I.M. and/or PRINT Select Select the Select the
Printnt92fw(3nshop If right the preview, the to (Click the Select the of to the PRINT and/or the when containing P.I.M. and/or Click the the top of the printed. OS You the printed. OS to You the printed. or glass-covered and from high humidity, and sunlight. to its the P.I.M. II Photoshop The P.I.M. II Photoshop allows to the PRINT Matching or when JPEG or TIFF from P.I.M.-, P.I.M. II-, From
Pbasics.book PM P.I.M. If using Photoshop P.I.M. Select from the then and OK the and PRINT II You this: Select the containing P.I.M. or listed; P.I.M. and appear.) Select the to To of the P.I.M., Print, or effects the selected the and Choose option: PRINT Matching II the of and effects. It the EPSON RGB expanded which to the RGB and PRINT This P.I.M. and P.I.M. II and allows expanded This option P.I.M. II and that to expanded include P.I.M. II or effects, such as brightness, sharpness, and other This option P.I.M. II and Click the and the the If this the and OK PRINT
Pbasics.book PM Select and or to the PRINT Matching II (If the to the consecutively Follow the the section to P.I.M. To the P.I.M. header information other the the Photoshop command. Instead to the It P.I.M. header information, P.I.M. quality, as as the with the ICC If overwrite P.I.M. header information. Printing P.I.M. P.I.M. converted the EPSON RGB To P.I.M. and the the then: Photoshop or Select or with Then More Photoshop Select You this: the the R300 the as the Photoshop or Click You the Photoshop then and or Preferences to From Select the and
Pbasics.book PM Select the as the Click Custom then Advanced You the Advanced OS Choose from the then Advanced to Custom then the Advanced You the Advanced Select or RPM as the Quality. Select and OK OS Select from the Select to Select and OK clicking OK or to photo. OS to PRINT
Pbasics.book PM From
Pbasics.book PM This chapter to its and Follow the instructions Cleaning the Head Cartridge the Head Cleaning the Transporting the You from the or from the EPSON (Macintosh). on-screen Reference The this chapter with the to Advanced Press the to choose Advanced Press to choose Advanced
Pbasics.book PM Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or or from the to clean the head. This the they properly. head cleaning only You clean the head from the or software. To the software, the connected directly to Reference the least once month to Follow these to the head from the the turned and the light off. If the light flashing or to the Press the to highlight More then OK to highlight Head Cleaning then OK the or To cleaning, OK While cleaning, the and the Cleaning about seconds. turn off the or the cleaning process. the cleaning to the head clean. the then Stop The the section If the or to clean the head If the correct, OK to finish.
Pbasics.book PM If cleaning three or four the You turn the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the the printed. Each and straight should with the as shown below: If If (as shown below), the head instructions. Cartridge You the of the the the Press the to to More The of shown the the amount of If the light flashes. This to If empty, the light and the that the to replaced. You empty. the the obtained or the the head To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. Cartridge
Pbasics.book PM than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the light off. these EPSON within months of them and the the Cartridge Capacity* coverage, Black T048120 coverage T048320 coverage T048220 coverage T048420 coverage Light T048620 coverage Light T048520 coverage The based Cartridge with printed, types, and of the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please and Cartridges Once the the the and then the cover. of the following: If the light empty), the If the light flashing the You Cartridge highlighted the Advanced Press OK If the light off, the to choose More then OK Press the to Cartridge You the that Press OK to The head to the
Pbasics.book PM the cover. Press the the back of the and the of the of Warning: of the reach of children and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with the Dont the boards or Dont this Cartridge
Pbasics.book PM the the with the facing the front. Then the seated. If to another through with the cover. Press the front of the cover to the cover Press OK and the cover. The charging the that charging about OK to finish.
Pbasics.book PM the Head If or to the head. You the head from the or software. To the head from the software, the directly to Reference the EPSON Quality the whenever the head Follow these to the head using the the turned and loaded. Press the to highlight More then OK Press the or Head highlighted, then OK Press OK to the Once the the first or of Select the which the You to the and buttons to the of that then OK the selection of the and finished, OK the Head
Pbasics.book PM Cleaning the To its should Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the then to or from the Clean the of the with cloth. cloth to the and or cleaners these If the it off with cloth. to grease the Dont the the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the
Transporting the If to its or of To the when the Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the memory from the and the memory cover. from the the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the CD/DVD closed, then the and the If the from the and the off of the the and its the the protective that with them. the as the the the head and If clean the head the head Transporting the
Pbasics.book PM
Pbasics.book PM these sections to and below or Software Quality With CD/DVD Printout Uninstalling Software Where To EPSON R300 includes of to To the the and follow the instructions provided. If whether the from or the as the following sections of this chapter. If of the EPSON as
Pbasics.book PM T0481 T0482 T0483 Yellow: T0484 Light T0485 Light T0486 The EPSON recommended correctly and the and the to this light off. The occurred. to clear Press the the to the T0481 T0482 T0483 T0484 Light T0485 Light T0486 The EPSON recommended Service required. the of their service life. the once, or the the and the then the the shown with ones. the shown. and the then the
Pbasics.book PM the CD/DVD the CD/DVD then the The CD/DVD correctly. the the CD/DVD then then the the The with this and memory Bluetooth the the then from the then to the and the Turn the off, and, and seconds to turn off the seconds, If the cleared, The Communicating with Please from the LCD from the completed. The used. that with the If the CD/DVD the CD/DVD then the CD/DVD
Pbasics.book PM You to to from the or other both the and turned off. Then the USB from the or the Turn the Press the button. Press the to highlight then OK to highlight then OK the or Press OK to the The showing (If the to the head; If the printed, the memory software interface or or software correctly. If the with the or Software If nothing or EPSON as examining the to off the and its to
Pbasics.book PM or Software The installation. The first the charge its head about charging finishes turn off the or it charge improperly and the turn the cover closed completely and the Turn off the then back to clear the the software. follow the instructions the to the instructed to the USB connected securely to the and the the shown other including and protection software, and If SP R300 appear the Chooser, too items the Chooser. items and the Chooser If OS and the or option the Format to the utility. the instructions. or software correctly, software or XP The USB correctly from the USB properly If If Reference instructions or Software
Pbasics.book PM The nothing If from the USB connected securely and that the the If from as If the software correctly. If to as on-screen Reference The sounds as though nothing the head clogged. To the head, The properly or that the when it or awhile. The and too slowly. of or memory the to them. This the and to slowly. the from too the If high-resolution than the listed. You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the these Choose Black include the Quality/Speed to
Pbasics.book PM the Advanced options, MicroWeave off and/or High If connected to USB that than near the of the without If photo without it the to and the the to If off. memory correctly. If of memory cards, the than (or the and that the JPEG or and with follow the instructions the to the software, including the Card and PhotoStarter instructions. If the from and the correctly with If XP, to Quality You (light The head cleaning; instructions. Select higher and off High or If without the matches the type of Quality
Pbasics.book PM If from the Type/Media matches the loaded; the of the Its usually whiter or The replacing. To the Head instructions. or smeared. EPSON to and absorption of EPSON with the The usually the whiter or of the isnt or curled, or (the should If or curled, of the instructions the You to included or the the on-screen Reference the Head instructions. each from the when If the options using the Thick and From the the or Preferences and Option Information then Thick and OS X: From the choose the then Thick and OS From the Advanced Thick and the Thick and option other of or reduced. higher higher If from If from Macintosh,
the Head instructions. You to increase the or software or the The head cleaning; instructions. The or To If without the matches the type of If from the Type/Media matches the loaded; isnt dirty, or If of with the whiter or than the other You or the to or black-and-white and software The head cleaning; instructions. The or To Quality
Pbasics.book PM With or If the the Press the to the and then the If when the or too thin. correctly or the the pulled If feed, from the the right then the the If feed once, the from the sheet the to the sheets, and If the to clear the If that the the cover and including that torn off. the and the If incorrectly or frequently: smooth, high-quality Dont the arrow the the the right and the too tight. to curling.
Pbasics.book PM CD/DVD and text the CD/DVD. the as smears the CD/DVD or too light. the as the brightness or as using CDs or the and allow the to least hours the or Printed CDs or dirty. Clean the or from The CD or DVD feed the the CD/DVD as the without or Dont the too the arrows exactly as or from Printout The inverted. Turn off the the Advanced or the (If EPSON Iron-On the should inverted.) The selected, or the active the or Chooser. The head cleaning. CD/DVD
Pbasics.book PM The incorrect. the the correctly the the to the right. the the software instructions choosing the The within the of the Specifications on-screen Reference If without the Crop and to to or incorrect. and options correctly. match the width/height (aspect of the or to the and You incorrect characters. the USB securely connected and the Then selected software, or as the active the or Chooser. If USB the directly to instead. The printed. The the match the If without first to Too that the option software or
Pbasics.book PM Uninstalling Software You to and then and this might when operating You to Factory, the P.I.M. II or on-screen Reference off or the while the software. Double-click XP: then the Double-click Click EPSON Software the and the Change/Remove and XP). the EPSON R300 selected and OK Then follow the instructions. or EPSON USB Devices the and the If using XP or to the to Click EPSON the and the button. Then follow the on-screen instructions. Click EPSON the and the Then follow the on-screen instructions. when ready to the software, follow the instructions operating that to optional software or Reference and the Uninstalling Software
OS Follow these to EPSON PhotoStarter and Card and Applications the EPSON Card and EPSON to the the the Applications Double-click the EPSON R300 and then Select EPSON R300(Sheet and then ready to the software, follow the instructions operating that to optional software or on-screen Reference and the OS to
Pbasics.book PM Select Uninstall from the pull-down and the Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions and when the the PhotoStarter the OS then the the Select Uninstall from the and the Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions and when ready to the software, follow the instructions operating that to optional photo software or on-screen Reference and the Where To EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services below: Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated of services hours Telephone Services To these services, tone and EPSON SoundAdvice SM this to the EPSON R300 SoundAdvice. To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. Where To
Pbasics.book PM please the following information ready: Product (EPSON R300 or EPSON R300M) Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the You purchase and from the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Pbasics.book PM Notices Microsoft PC with or or SE, or XP 64MB of RAM (128MB or recommended, 256MB or recommended XP) 200MB or recommended VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD the software Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction. Apple G3, G4, or G5, or OS through or OS 64MB of RAM (128MB OS X); recommended 200MB or recommended VGA or CD-ROM or DVD the software USB and shielded USB AB to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction.
Pbasics.book PM Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. the near outlet where the easily fiche the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the and from of interference, such as or telephone locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the the or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the cloth only to the and or cleaners these the cover the using the the off using the It the to off the Dont switch off the or the the off. or the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. memory or off the while the and (when the light to the flashing). Doing the memory Notices
Pbasics.book PM If the from the or the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, physician immediately. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the or the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with hand the or the the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of first them. cool, from allow to least three hours this the or to them. This the head. the IC the of the This and If the from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the the head the right and the the to the to the Instructions
Pbasics.book PM NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
Pbasics.book PM Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: B281A Declaration of Conformity
Pbasics.book PM America, Inc., Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the EPSON covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of quality, and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty to the EPSON caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the EPSON its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If claimed or reproduced, the incurred. Notices
Pbasics.book PM THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to America, Inc. P.O. CA Inc., Warranty
Pbasics.book PM Notices