rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. of Copyrighted and and copying or of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as broad as people each to and of the copyright when using and and USB DIRECT-PRINT, and the USB DIRECT-PRINT of Corporation. RPM and PhotoEnhance and and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-21936R1 Copyright Notice
R260 full-featured With its and photographs and of directly CDs and It with these advanced features: the of photo and longevity photo correction when from Smooth and with head and DX5 CDs and frame-ready and PictBridge directly from or phone The includes information about JPEG/TIFF and them to information such as flash, and the JPEG/TIFF the information to the reproduction.
About To and its software, the This instructions with and CDs and from or and basic information about the R260 Please follow these throughout: Warning: to injury. to to Notes information about hints
From to Loading The type of choose affects the to the If rough the to of Selecting the Correct information. Follow these to the and its the front cover and the front From to
the front the (lower) If the to the front the or other the front and the front the front when the the while the the right and the 10-inch or 6-inch or 7-inch You to of or to of other types.) From to the the right and this
the the too tightly). 10-inch or 6-inch or 7-inch Follow these when enough front of the the to ejected. Dont the arrow the the Its often brighter or whiter than the other the first, when or the top first. If feeding If follow the instructions that with Loading
follow these Loading Quality Bright White Heavyweight Double-Sided Double-Sided Iron-on Cool Quality From to sheets
Follow the instructions this section to or photo instructions instructions with Advanced on-screen From the EPSON R260 selected. Click the or Preferences (If or Then or Preferences the Select Click to software
You the basic Select Select or Select from these Quality Option rough with reduced Text text-only with higher text Text with text and with higher and graphics with and or graphics with high the and match the the Selecting the Correct Select or the From to the type of Select PhotoEnhance to Click options
the Advanced Then the following as necessary. Select Quality as Click to option Select as the highest selected RPM from the option (as shown RPM information about advanced or instructions them as them the or the and then the with. If to the the and as necessary. Click OK to then OK or to Select (To choose ICM first) Click to this Advanced each
the following appears and shows the of You these to or You Click to or Click to You the Selecting apply to the that currently If the Right-click the the right of Select You the shown Select the then OK You the necessary. From to Click to purchase
With Follow the instructions this section to or photo using instructions instructions with Advanced on-screen to the or as the From the You the Select R260 from the Format Select and Click OK to the From the You this Select R260 from the Select R260 Select Select or Select R260 Select With
Select from the Select the following as necessary: You choose other selecting these options the Select the of or Select OS or only) as PDF OS the PDF instead. to Select options, such as OS only): cover or photo. ColorSync or Select ColorSync or the or or off the software. or the From to Select the type of Select or Grayscale Select higher or Click
Select smears sheets or Summary of selections. information about the button. Click the Advanced to the Quality, High or the highest selected RPM from the Quality RPM Click to To the of the when appears the the of If using OS the instead, then R260 the With
The following appears and shows the of If necessary, the to then these buttons to or Select the You the finished, the or From to
Selecting the Select the or what of and the coverage accordingly. this Bright White Iron-on Cool Heavyweight Double-Sided Double-Sided Quality Quality Envelope Selecting the Correct Select this or Bright White
You with the the to the of the Although and without trimming, these and Heavyweight Quality From to inches inches) inches inches inches inches) inches inches) inches inches) inches inches) inches) inches) or
these sections instructions selecting and Prints below XP Macintosh and Prints With photographs from years. The the of and longevity when with that properly displayed or with recommends that and life: or protective to them from atmospheric humidity, and high of with photographs, from sunlight. from high or acid-free, commonly from stores. the
XP the to Right-click the photo, highlight With and and Click the the of the Click Next You Selection From to
the photo(s) to and Next You the Select EPSON R260 Click Preferences EPSON R260 selected, then Preferences You the following Click without white Select as the Quality Option Click
Select of the following as the If which to select, the Click the the and OK If to the amount of necessary the and the Select Click OK At the Next You Selection Select and Next to From to photo
and photo. From the You the Select R260 from the Format Select Select orientation. Click OK to the From the Select R260 the Select R260 Select R260 Select
from the Select of the following as the If which to select, Select Quality the If to the amount of from the and the Click to CDs and includes that graphics, and directly CD or DVD. The CD software easy to and with of effects. You both and CDs and only CDs and Thermal-printable and CDs and should with this otherwise the smear. Follow the these sections to CDs or Cleaning the CD or DVD and and From to
Cleaning the CDs or to clean the You this feeding and ejecting of turned and of loaded. Press the to of through the CD or DVD the or CDs or or scratches the when the CD or DVD, the turned the correctly. Then follow these the front cover, then the front to the CD/DVD the the or other the front and the front the front when the the while the the CD or DVD the CD/DVD with the white or the the CDs and
CD/DVD the CD or DVD, that or the CD/DVD as this the to the CD/DVD with this If another CD/DVD there the and properly. To CD or DVD the CD/DVD the first, then the CD or DVD the the CD/DVD when CDs or and that the CD or DVD and the otherwise the CD/DVD CD/DVD this with CDs or From to
Gently the CD/DVD the of the front the the CD/DVD and the front match each other. both of the CD/DVD the the front the CD/DVD while the otherwise, or the of the CD or DVD become or scratched. the arrow the match CD/DVD the both Follow the instructions and below or and Macintosh to and with CD. and You CD to and with graphics, and CDs and
CD or DVD Click to or EPSON CD then EPSON CD To background the background You this: If already chosen background, Click Select To of own the to the then OK You of the the Select and OK From to
To the text and the to apply formatting and effects, then OK (To the of To of the text the and the or Then the other that appear. finished, choose as from the to with CD, the CD and CD or DVD created and CD or DVD, ready to the and Click Select EPSON R260 Select CD or DVD type CDs and
EPSON R260 selected. CD/DVD or CD/DVD as the as the Confirmation Click You CD or DVD the to or each CD or DVD from the printed, and then the CD or DVD the CD or DVD instructions). Then the to the CD or DVD To allow the to least hours the or from and sunlight. If to the or the below or the the If and text or the CD or DVD, to the You these to the CD or DVD. CD or DVD the CD/DVD and the as CD. the and Click Confirmation From to
EPSON R260 selected, then Confirmation Click The the CD or DVD. the CD or DVD and the from the of the to the Top and Right with the then You this: Click then input the Top (from the Height the Right (from the (Right) Click OK to the CDs and
the If smears CDs or to the or CDs and from differently, to the each type of Follow these instructions to and then as necessary. CD. the and CD or DVD as EPSON R260 selected, then Confirmation Click the printed, the If to the the and the Correction lighter or as necessary. Then, through or Third the Confirmation section, whether or third the You three Each location. the CD or DVD and least hours. Then the You the Brightness and CD to information, the CD and and You CD to and with graphics, and From to
CD or DVD the Applications the EPSON CD then EPSON CD To background the background You the following To of Select Background the the then Click OK the Background To the the Text type then of the options the to You options the and CDs and
To of the text the and the or Then using the other that appear. finished, choose as from the to with CD, the CD and EPSON CD CD or DVD created and CD or DVD, ready to the and R260 selected, then Click and R260 You CD or DVD the to or each CD or DVD from the printed, and then the CD or DVD the CD or DVD instructions). Then the to the CD or DVD To allow the to least hours the or from and sunlight. If to the or the or the From to Select CD or DVD type Click
the If and or the to the You these to the CD or DVD. CD or DVD the CD/DVD and the as CD. Select from the R260 selected, then Click The the CD or DVD. the CD or DVD and the from the of the to the Top and Right. with Click CDs and
the then You this: Click Entry then input the Top (from the Top the Right (from the Right Click OK to the the If smears CDs or to the or CDs and from differently, to the each type of Follow these instructions to and then as necessary. CD. the and CD or DVD as R260 selected, then Click the printed, the From to
If would to the the and the Correction lighter or as necessary. Then, through or Third the section, whether or third the You three location. the CD or DVD and least hours. Then the You the Brightness and CD to information, the CD and EPSON CD Direct from or with PictBridge or USB DIRECT- PRINT. If the and lights when or the of or The of JPEG, and the of each least than Connecting and R260 the type of to Loading Direct from or
the USB that with or to the interface the front of the Turn or or to the to and or phone From to
Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning This section to the head the Head Cleaning Utility. You the head holding the the three seconds. (This when the light off.) the head, the CD/DVD the and the front the (lower) Clean the head when or incorrect or the head, the head first to that the head to cleaned. This information, Checking the Head below. and least once month to quality. Checking the Head the turned and the light (If the light to the Right-click the the right of Select OS X: the Applications and EPSON Utility2 Select SP R260 the OK and
You the following: Click or Next The head to cleaned: head to cleaned: If there or If there or or the Clean Then to to the the Head Cleaning the and the light off. (If the light flashing or to of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning
OS X: the Applications and EPSON Utility2 Select SP R260 the OK then Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to clean the head. Cleaning seconds. The and the light flashes. turn off the while head cleaning You the CD/DVD cleaning finished. the light flashing, the then of the following: Click then OS X: Click Confirmation then Next The If the white or (as shown below), If the white or (as shown below), Clean to the head If cleaning four to and You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head Cleaning the Head
Cartridge the light flashes, or the light to the cartridge(s). which or expended. than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the light off. Checking the To the supply, of the following: Double-click the the right of and light
You this To the the currently Information OS X: the Applications and EPSON Utility2 SP R260 the OK then EPSON You this Click to information about the To the Cartridge
Cartridges offers each R260. these within months of them and the the Black (T078120) High-Capacity Black (T077120) (T078220) High-Capacity (T077220) (T078320) High-Capacity (T077320) (T078420) High-Capacity (T077420) Light (T078520) High-Capacity Light (T077520) Light (T078620) High-Capacity Light (T077620) the High Capacity (U.S. or You of (If To the and them. Other products to covered warranty. You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or Cartridge Precautions Warning: The to and recommended, however. the supply of the or its surrounding
To the the head hand. Dont the or Dont the IC the of the This the Dont the IC from the without IC the If temporarily, the supply the of the from and or, the to its the as the the upright; the the should top. You expended. the the obtained the the head This with IC that the amount of each Cartridges they and each however, the their reliability. If that which the following operations: head cleaning, self-cleaning when the turned and charging (when and Cartridges Once the Cartridge
ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the CD/DVD the and the front the (lower) the turned (the light should flashing). Then the cover. Press and release the button. If light off, to If light or flashing, the head to the and the that to the The light to flash. to Dont the than seconds, or the to the head. Press the If than or expended, the the If the or identified, the head to the You the to which expended. Checking the Supply information. the shown below when
the cover. Press the the back of the and the of the of Warning: of the reach of children and the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the to the the of the when from the immediately the If the promptly, the head and to Cartridge
the from the of the You the from the otherwise, or to If without the yellow the of the the yellow and then the from the of the otherwise, the become or tear the the otherwise, the the with the board facing the front. Then the clicks
If to another through with the cover. the cover and the The charging the The light flashes and the Charging about and finished, the light flashing and and the light off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the CD/DVD charging If the light flashes the head to its right) the properly. Press the or the head to the the cover, and the clicks the Head If or or light or to the head. You or to the head. the Head
the head, the CD/DVD the and the front the (lower) Turn the of the lights indicating information. of of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head Macintosh: the Applications and EPSON Utility2 Select SP R260 the OK then Head Follow the instructions the to the You this the four of each the to which each the with or and its the the If every or the with the thinnest or Then Realignment and to another and this Click to the Head
Cleaning the To its should Turn off the the cord, and the USB the then to the If the outer or of the dirty, them with cloth with the cover closed to from If the off with cloth the shown below. Clean Warning: Dont the or other the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or apply or grease the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the Cleaning the
Transporting the If to the its or of or the vertically, or from the the the the head and the from Turn the the head to the right) then the cover. Turn off the and its cord. Then the and USB from the the cover. the head with as shown below, then the cover. from the then the and the Repack the and its the the protective that with them. the as the the the head. Then and If the head or the head
below to what the of If the Where To the lights below) or Lights Explanation light The flashes charging or cleaning the head. light and light flashes light and light light flashes One of the nearly expended. the that appears to which nearly or follow the instructions Checking the Supply If or once. the to the front to the (lower) Then, and the to If CD or DVD, the CD/DVD Follow the instructions to the then the If the Press the to the If that off the the cover, and the from the front, including torn Then the and the If CD or DVD, the CD/DVD ejected. the and the
Lights Explanation light and light light off; and lights light flashes; and lights and light and light and light and light off You to whether from the or other the CD/DVD the and the front the (lower) lights indicating information. One of the or installed. then follow the Cartridge to If incompatible with the or incorrectly or it with the as of the head. Turn off the then the cover and or other Turn the back If the lights as Where To The front the the or the to the front to the (lower) CD or DVD, the to the front to the CD/DVD connected to the EXT. I/F USB with PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT connected to this information. The internal Turn off the seconds, and If the lights flashing, as Where To
Turn off both the and Then the USB from the the the then the holding the and buttons the light to flash, then release them. (If the to the head as If the the software USB or or software correctly. If the with the and below. If nothing as Where To Turn off the the USB then and and If the information this section, please the on-screen You information the that and
and Software Its to free to R260 software. Click the the software or Download instructions The installation. The first the charge its head or charging finishes off the or it charge improperly and the the cover closed completely and the Turn off the then back to clear the the software. follow the instructions the to the instructed to the USB connected securely to the and the the shown other including and protection software, and If and the the Format the to the or the instructions. or software correctly, software 98SE, or XP The USB correctly from the USB properly If
If on-screen instructions The nothing the USB connected securely and that the the as If the software correctly. If to as on-screen If continuously the temporarily feeding or the head while to the from overheating and If this to recommends that and the about the off and and should The sounds as though nothing If selected. OS X, selected the and the head clogged. To the head, the software the The properly or that the when or awhile. and
too the If high-resolution than the listed. You Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the these the Quality Option to or the Quality/Speed to (Macintosh). If connected to USB that near the of the Quality You (light The head cleaning; instructions. Select higher and off High or instructions. the or matches the loaded; the of the Its brighter or whiter. The replacing; instructions. the Head instructions.
or smeared. with the The the brighter or whiter of the isnt or curled, or face-down (the should If or curled, of the instructions the You to included or to and absorption of the the on-screen the Head instructions. each from the output or The head cleaning; instructions. The or To the matches the loaded; isnt or curled, or face-down (the should If or curled, of higher Select higher or instructions. and
the Head instructions. You to increase the or software You or Clean the head; instructions. Clear the software the software to The or If turning off PhotoEnhance. that correction to the complexity and of photographs, corrected. the information. exactly match on-screen to as as You features. on-screen information. the to as the this the than To reduce the top of each other. With or CD/DVD or If the the Press the to the then the If when the or too thin. feed correctly or the the pulled If feed, from the the right then the the
If feed once, the from the the to the sheets, and If the to clear the If that the cover and including that torn off. the and the If incorrectly or frequently: smooth, high-quality Dont the arrow the the the right and the too tight. to curling. The CD/DVD or correctly when the CD/DVD correctly. If the when the ready. to the Then the and the CD/DVD and text the CD/DVD. the as or (Macintosh). smears the CD/DVD or too light. CDs or the and allow the to least hours the or the as or the or the CD on-screen Printed CDs or dirty. Clean the as and
The CD/DVD feed the the CD/DVD the of the front the arrow the CD/DVD and the front match each other. both of the CD/DVD the the front Printout The inverted. Turn off the the software or (If Iron-on Cool the should inverted.) The If selected. OS X, selected the and The head cleaning; The incorrect. the the the to the right of the sheet the the software instructions choosing the The within the of the Printable the Specifications section of on-screen The or incorrect. the and options correctly. match the width/height of the or and to
You incorrect characters. the USB securely connected and the Then If using selected. OS X, selected the and If switch or USB with the directly to instead. Too that the option software or Uninstalling Software You to and then and this might when operating You to CD, PhotoImpression, or on-screen off or the while the software. Turn off the and its USB Click and or to or then Software Uninstall the EPSON R260 and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. then the to software. Uninstalling Software
applications. the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM Double-click the English then the OSX You to to these Double-click the If the Authenticate appears, or phrase and OK the appears, Uninstall from the the and Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. If the of the or Utility, from and Macintosh, then the to software. Where To Technical these technical services: and to You and and troubleshooting or with
to please the following information Product R260) Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or Where To
and Notices To and its software, should Microsoft PC with or recommended) Microsoft 98SE, XP, or XP Professional Edition 256MB RAM (512MB or recommended) 300MB free (550MB or recommended) SVGA with least CD-ROM or DVD the software USB with 98SE, or XP, and Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB improperly shielded USB the to malfunction. To and its software, should OS or 256MB RAM (512MB or recommended) 300MB free (550MB or recommended) SVGA with least CD-ROM or DVD the software built-in USB shielded USB AB improperly shielded USB the to malfunction. and Notices
Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the or cover the the or through the enough around the the type of indicated the only the that with the of another fire or shock. the with other AC the to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. switches or timers. and from of interference, such as or telephone or cord. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. the to or other with the of the Each only the both connected the the that the The properly or or the its or from the and Notices
enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or the or heating or sunlight. the outlet where the easily hand the or the products that or around this Doing fire. the head hand; otherwise, the the off the this pressed, the light flashes. the or off the to the outlet the light flashing. the that the head the right) and the the the the head and the from Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the Cartridge Instructions of the reach of children and the their this when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. or tear the the this the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of first them. the or to them. This the head. from allow to least three hours using Instructions
cool, the IC the of the This operation and The IC this of related-information such as the that the and freely. each the the If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding with their facing upward. FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this and Notices
If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/ or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B411B Declaration of Conformity
Inc. Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without or If authorizes the to as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and quality. of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or reconditioned products. This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the and Notices SM
to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If claimed or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write Inc., P.O. CA America, Inc. Warranty
and Notices
Accessories, head, to Macintosh, Macintosh, to to Blurry to C USB, from, to CDs to Macintosh, to to to to feeding to to to from, to Characters, incorrect, Checking to Cleaning head, to sheets, ColorSync, Declaration of Conformity, from, to CDs Edge-to-edge to
to CD, Macintosh, to CD, to warranty, to Print, FCC Compliance, to to Macintosh, Head Cleaning to to Incorrect characters, Incorrect of replacing, to instructions, to to Inverted Macintosh, basic to software, to Marginless to Margins, incorrect, from, to Macintosh, to
Macintosh, feeding to to Phone, from, to and to PictBridge, CD software to to Macintosh, head to cleaning, to Head to to to cleaning, to to basic, to to CDs and to Macintosh, CD to CD/DVD feeding, software, to to feeding, to to to Quality Option Quality/Speed instructions, to Software CD, to CD, to to to Macintosh, Transporting Troubleshooting, to Uninstalling software, to Index
USB Head Cleaning, to to Head to Warranty, to to and software,
and to Work Together You purchase and www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON specially coated to with and longevity. photosfrom to professional and finishes. with smooth or textured brochures, or art Scrapbooking Acid-free, backgrounds, headlines, and other and these art appearance. Specialty that showcase including cards, iron-on and and professional It smooth and bright white finish, and heaviest the below to It as easy as T078320 Black T078120 T078620 T078220 T078420 T078520 the High Capacity www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or www.epson.ca the back cover to memoriesStoryTeller! 1-B C 1-B 1-B 1-B
and to Work Together www.epsonstore.com You purchase and (U.S. or purchase from authorized www.epson.ca To the 800-GO-EPSON specially coated to with and longevity. photosfrom to professional and finishes. Non-glare with smooth or textured professional brochures, or art Scrapbooking Acid-free, backgrounds, and other and these art appearance. Specialty that showcase including cards, iron-on and and professional It smooth and bright white finish, and heaviest the below to as easy as It T078120 Black T078220 T078520 www.epson.com/highcapacity the High Capacity www.epson.ca (U.S. or the back cover to T078320 T078620 T078420 1-B C 1-B 1-B 1-B