rights of this reproduced, or or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and copying and of copyrighted While copying of copyrighted those as broad as people each user to and of the copyright when and and and UltraChrome, and UltraChrome of Corporation. and RPM PhotoEnhance and UltraSmooth and PhotoCenter, SoundAdvice, and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Inc. CPD-19428R1 Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Notice
R2400 of and from these advanced features: individually to inch). pigment-based, UltraChrome K3 and Light Light Light and Black or Black and tonal Black White photographs. Advanced B&W which include easy and and white tonalities (such as cool, and thick and specialty to inches. including and others. of or head cleaning and and and easily. through USB and (IEEE To the highest USB USB to the with USB
About The (Exchangeable includes information about JPEG/TIFF and them to information such as flash, and and the JPEG/TIFF the information to the reproduction. About Software CD-ROM includes the software the instructions. and You cant without software includes these Its to to Download instructions EasyPrint with to R2400 fast and easy. EPSON RAW and Reference information.) ICC Profiles with Photoshop and other software to the types. You PhotoCenter free photo-sharing where and high-resolution straight from the and free postcards. software to PhotoCenter SM
About To and its software, the This information, warranty, and instructions Loading of with or OS the Troubleshooting Please follow these throughout: about instructions and specifications, on-screen Reference as the section. to to to Notes information about hints
the Reference Follow the instructions the to the on-screen Reference already. Double-click the SPR2400 Reference Click topic the to the of Click the topic to Closed to Click to to topic You browsersuch as Microsoft or or Firefox or or or laterto the If the correctly. If theres right arrow to then topic. If theres arrow to If graphic when Reference the to the graphic.
Loading You of as these to Bright White Quality Quality UltraSmooth Enhanced Heavyweight* Double-Sided UltraSmooth TM Scrapbook White Thick or thickness) This the when sheets than without instructions.
Loading the the and the the of the The and Loading
the the and the right of the the to lightly the the following as the first, the Its whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the The slightly and the this Loading
Loading the You these the as follows: type Loading Enhanced Heavyweight* Double-Sided Quality sheets A3 or Bright White Quality This the when than without instructions. If the corner, the the as shown the instructions. Loading the and to curling. sheets sheets A3 or
Loading of If of the following than inches), the to the top of the to the sheets of and Enhanced Heavyweight Double-Sided the and its Loading
the the back of the the and the top with while the the as Loading the these of the White UltraSmooth Scrapbook the Loading the when other of
the the to the right. the notches the with the the back of the and them as shown. Then the the top of the the beneath the cover. Turn the (the to the sheet correctly). Loading
of the right then the the the the and the the Loading
the the slightly. of the to allow the to the the cover and the to the straight. If the crooked, the three seconds to back the then the the to clear the and the as the Source or as the within the software or Macintosh). Loading
Loading You 4-inch, 8.3-inch, or 13-inch or with or without Turn the and the the the top of the If the and them the the of the the they straight. Loading Its to and If to with loaded, should the or appear
the the as shown, then the and protective from the of the the of the straight with corners. If the feeding the If the the backwards of to touching the of the Loading
the with the with Then the other the the right. the of the the the white then the right to lightly the Loading Dont the or the the below the white
the the the the the the automatically. the cover and the to the straight. Follow the instructions to You to or thicker to the and the to smooth to while to straight or If the crooked, the three seconds to back the the Then the to the Press the to clear the through to the If crooked, the three seconds Loading
Loading Thick the Path You thick the front path, from inches to A3+. Turn the and the the top of the the the top of the If the and them the the of the the cover. Then the front completely the front release the cover. Loading Since the through the from the front to the rear, there enough the the to completely through the
the to three inches the and the the the while the the of the the Stop when the front of the with the arrow the right Press the The the automatically. the light flashing, the ready to (To the thick without the as the Source or as the within the (Macintosh) software or Macintosh). If the to the and displays the and off the Then the Loading
Loading
From to Follow the these sections to using basic features: With OS X Selecting the Correct To or or color-managed the from the slightly. this while the The the when Whenever the right the and and UltraChrome K3 Choose the right the the type of selected, the loaded.
Follow the below to or using the From the You this EPSON R2400 selected. Click the or Preferences (If or first.) Click the the to From to Select the type of Select Select options Select type Select Select or Click to software
Select of these as the Quality Option Select the as the Source Select the type of as the Select the of as the the or to as the Select or Select other options to the rough with reduced Text text-only with Text with text and with higher and graphics with and or graphics with high Sheet the the top of the the the back of the the sheet and boards the front The the type of currently without types, the checkbox. TM the and of low-resolution (affects Prints last-page-first to the of or the From to
Click OK You to the Click OK or to this appears. to or and Selecting the You apply to the currently If the Right-click the the right of Select You the shown Select the then OK You the necessary. From to information about the or the Advanced the of the and Dont or to when This to and If finishes or If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution Click to Click to or
Follow these to or advanced On the the Advanced the right corner. Click The to the Advanced The Advanced include the options as the these: If to the Advanced each the this first selected type, including RPM the highest types. this High allowing back and forth the instead of Edge Smoothing Prints smoother low-resolution such as the Brightness, Contrast, Saturation, and and From to
Once finished selecting advanced From to Advanced B&W and other when and white Choose with the or clicking Advanced Black White The of the Advanced B&W the Black or the and the ICM to match If or ICC such as Photoshop, ICM then Incorrectly applying this function or using excessively light or To with or ICC using Photoshop, With Profiles Click OK to to the and Click the to to the Click the and with to
Select the following as necessary: Select or options Select or options these to Click OK to to the and With OS Follow the below to or using the basic the or as the From the information or instructions them as them the or Select options and the of when selected the From to
the Format and the and the of the loaded. Then the from the that Choose the From to the with around the the or the with as the with around the the sheet with as the the with as the Select R2400 Select or Choose
Select the or to as the Select orientation, facing or facing right. Click OK Select from the You this: the and R2400 thick the front path, choose as the instructions, using the selected matches the and within the choose than sheet or than length. The inches. Select R2400 Click and From to
Select from the You Select the type of as the the and and white photographs), Advanced B&W and other when and white photographs; or Black text Select as the the or instructions Advanced If the to the Quality to or using higher quality, or to the From to If cant choose type, to selected the and or that the The of the Advanced B&W the Black or the and the information about Select type Select the Select Select Quality or
You choose these options the Click to the of or to options to as PDF to to to and other options ColorSync to through ColorSync to ColorSync, the the or off the software selected option as the the to completely Thick to smearing when thick Summary to of selections Dont or to when This to and If finishes or If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution From to
To the of or the when appears the Then R2400 You this the of or of the following: finished, (OS through or (OS From to Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to If listed, then the Priority arrow as to the
Follow these to or From the Select from the To advanced Advanced to the these advanced Quality selected type, including RPM the highest types. this High allowing back and forth the instead of the the high this information From to
To options, from the Select options as follows: Click From to the Brightness, Saturation, and and yellow (Click the Advanced arrow to these ColorSync ColorSync to match If using or ICC such as Photoshop, instead. Turns off features such as Photoshop instead. Incorrectly applying this function or using it light or To with or ICC Photoshop, With Profiles
Selecting the Correct Select the or what of and the coverage accordingly. which Black to or Bright White Quality Quality Enhanced Enhanced Heavyweight Scrapbook Double-Sided Double-Sided Water White White UltraSmooth UltraSmooth Quality Heavyweight From to
From to
to the R2400 features, follow the instructions these below With Profiles With Photoshop Black to Advanced Black White as Then follow the the sections to and and Dont or to when This to and If finishes or If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution
Selecting Follow the of these sections to below OS X and as necessary. the then or Preferences Select the type of as the If without the Select the photo as the Choose as the Source The If photo, from the and the of the width of or inches the of the loaded. the to software. Dont PhotoEnhance when the Source choose or
Select the including whether to based the type of then OK Click OK Click OK or Follow the to OS and as necessary. From the the Format and of or with or Select R2400 the and the
the and photo Then or from the that Click OK Select from the the and R2400 Select from the Select the type of as the the to the Quality To without choose the of photo or inches the of the loaded. the to software. Select R2400
Choose Option from the Select the including whether to include based the type of Click Follow the below to Removing Printed Press the once to feed the the the If to another the once the to the Follow the the section finished of Sheet or with or Sheet
and Press the three seconds. The backwards of the (If the this Turn the to the of the the Then the to off the light. the off of the and the from the to its photo or glass-covered both and from high humidity, and sunlight.
You with the the to the of the Although and without trimming, these Heavyweight* Double-Sided White** UltraSmooth Scrapbook If sheets of that than the These the Dont or to when This to and If finishes or If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution
Follow the of these sections to below OS X and the then or Preferences Select or as the Quality Option. Choose as the Source Select the type of as the Click the Select as the Select or as the Click the then the Choose the least amount of (with chance that there around the or the amount of of the off around the edges, to the of the Click OK Click OK or
OS and From the the Format and the and the the loaded. Then from the of the or as the Click OK Select from the the and R2400 Select R2400 the of the
Select from the Select the type of as the the to the Quality Choose from the then the Choose the least amount of (with chance that there around the or the amount of of the off around the to the of the Click If cant choose type, the the to selected the and or that the information).
With Profiles Follow the this section to with Photoshop (the instructions cover Photoshop CS, and CS2). follow the instructions these sections the With below Custom Profile Creating Custom Profile With Profile To follow the of these below OS X Photoshop. Select from the Select U.S. Prepress from the pull-down This RGB as the RGB and activates warning and Click OK the to
If the shown below, the (instead of the and OK It to the If the shown below, Assign RGB: RGB and OK appears, the and as If they Assign Profile Select of the following as the Profile RGB such as ColorMatch RGB or IEC61966-2.1 the the of choice the to the the only the of the software and appears and This the to the and
Selecting Select Click the You this selected, then OK Select the of as the Select the of Click OK
Select with If this Select from the Photoshop Colors and the the Relative Photoshop CS The ICC with the SPR2400 BstPhoto.icc. You should match ICC with the Quality to If instead. This reduces the that the within the Photoshop CS2
the Black Color-Managed Click the selected and the the or as the Quality Option. (If ICC the Quality to match Select the the the Click the Advanced Turn off the High and Edge Smoothing they Click the ICM Water the type Additionally, the Black Matching Black to IMPORTANT!
Click the Click OK Click OK to photo. OS Photoshop. Select from the Photoshop Select U.S. from the pull-down This RGB as the RGB and activates warning and Click OK the to If the shown below, the (instead of the and OK It to the that (N o If the apply correction to the
If the shown below, Assign RGB: RGB and OK appears, the and as displayed If they Assign Profile of the following as the Profile Selecting Select with If this Click the to the and as necessary, then OK RGB such as ColorMatch RGB or IEC61966-2.1 the the effects of choice the to the the the of the software and appears and This the to the and
Click from the Photoshop Colors and the the Relative Select the Black Color-Managed Click the Select R2400 from the Select from the Select the the the Photoshop CS The ICC with the SPR2400 BstPhoto.icc. You should match ICC with the Quality to If instead. This reduces the that the within the Photoshop CS2
Click the Advanced If using ICC the Quality to match Turn off the High Select from the Select Click to photo. Water the type Additionally, the Black Matching Black to that If the apply correction to the IMPORTANT! Select
If selected the of and these If than expected and/or yellow-brown turned off both Photoshop and the If than expected and/or light turned both Photoshop and the Custom Profile Follow the this section to and each type to ready to the follow the operating below. OS Photoshop and the profile-building software If as Select with the More then choose the to the with instructions Photoshop OS X) or the Source option to RGB selected the the Profile to the instructions OS X) or to the Advanced or to off
Select as Source as the Profile Click the You this Select R2400 from the Format Select the and then OK Click the button. Select from the then from the
Select the the Click the Advanced Select as the Quality Turn off the High Select from the Click to these to each type and Quality to with. IMPORTANT! Select
Photoshop and the profile-building software If as Select with the the More then choose the pull-down Select as Source as the Profile Click the One Click the Select as the Quality Option. Select the the Click the Advanced Turn off the High and Edge Smoothing they
Click the ICM Click the Click OK Click OK to these to each type and Quality Option to with. Creating Custom Profile If creating follow the instructions with profile-building software (such as TM or GretagMacbeth to using the printed. Once the to the as recommended Microsoft or IMPORTANT! Select ICM, then
With Photoshop If Photoshop with of the EasyPrint interface when ready to It directly from the to the or Preferences to the This one-stop conflicts software and them both match. Complete instructions using Photoshop the Started with Photoshop Follow these to and the EasyPrint interface: To the the Photoshop Select and You the and the top of the to Select from the and choose option such as From and Then the containing photo(s) and the photo(s) to To photo, the to Choose To or To and ready to to to from If to photo, to If ready to to If from the EasyPrint interface and to the
Select from the You the EasyPrint interface: as necessary. Click to Click options Select EPSON R2400 Select type Choose and Click Select other
Black to to the of types, the Black (T059820) or Black (T059120) the these type. Both included with the Black professional with the following types: Quality Enhanced Heavyweight White UltraSmooth Double-Sided the Black professional with the following types: Water You these when the Black Although these when the Black type with Black professional or The to with Black only.
the Black Cartridges the other Once the You whether the light off, or the turned (the light should flashing). Then the cover. Press the the cover. Press the the back of the and of the as shown below. this sealable the four or its (Dont unwrapped.) the from its the its The with the the front of the The head and the light flashes. Dont the board the front of the operation and
Press the it clicks the cover, the top clicks, then the cover. Press the The charging the Confirming the Swapped Cartridge Once the to that the the Right-click the Choose from the Click the then and Option Information The light and lights and the Charging about seconds. finished, the light flashing and The light and the light the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than
the selected. Click OK Click OK the Optional Cartridge Click OK the the (OS through or (OS Select R2400 from the and the Click the EPSON Click the and the type. Then OK
the EPSON Advanced Black White The Advanced B&W (Black and White) allows to easily and toned black-and-white using and offers and white Advanced B&W advanced and white These to without the to This only when Quality the following types: Paper-Heavyweight White Enhanced UltraSmooth Follow the of these sections to Advanced B&W below OS X and the and then or Preferences Select the Source and Click the Advanced necessary. The to the Advanced
Click Advanced B&W the section. Select option from the or to option. If the following appears: Select Advanced B&W Then choose option, or to options
You the following OS and From the choose the R2400 the Format and choose the and Then OK Select from the Then the and R2400 Allows to tone to and white The which with tonal You choose other such as Cool, Warm, and that the the found the Allows to easily the tonal of and white Brightness: the and of the the light and of and Highlight Tonality: Allows to tonality the or highlight of the of the the to lower. Highlight If to Highlight to reduce to the highlights of Click of this or to the tone to to and white The to the of the wheel, the to and white Preview: the tone based Please this of the and
Select from the Select the Select Advanced B&W from the High Select from the
You the following Allows to tone to and white The which with tonal You choose other such as Cool, Warm, and that the the found the Allows to easily the tonal of and white Brightness: the and of the the light and of and Highlight Tonality: Allows to tonality only the or highlight of the of the the to lower. Highlight If to Highlight to reduce to the highlights of Tone Click of this or to the tone to to and white The to the of the the to and white Preview: the tone based Please this of the and
Follow the instructions this chapter to its and to necessary: Cleaning the Head below Cartridge the Head Cleaning the Transporting the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or or to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning This section to the head the and Cleaning and the Head Cleaning the and Cleaning first to the and the If with manually clean the head. least once month to You the head holding the the three seconds (when the light off).
Automatically Checking and Cleaning the Head The and Cleaning that the then reads to If cleaning the cleans the head. the and the light off. (If the light flashing or to sheets of the of the following: Follow the instructions the The and the shown below. If cleaning necessary, it then cleans the head and and another The and to If head clogged, displays on-screen to manually the head. Follow the instructions to the head, necessary. If the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R2400 OK and and Cleaning
the Head Cleaning the turned and the light off. (If the light flashing or to of the following: Follow the instructions the to clean the head. the light flashing, the Click then or Confirmation then Next The If the or (as shown below), Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R2400 OK and Head Cleaning Cleaning about which the and the light flashes. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than
If cleaning the head three or four the You the off and overnightthis allows to then the head Cartridge the light flashes, the light to You the cover to the light which or to replaced. than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the light off. If the white or (as shown below), Clean to the head Dont or to when This to and If finishes or If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution
Checking the To supply, of the following: Double-click the the OS Choose Applications EPSON SP R2400 EPSON Click to information about the Purchasing Cartridges these within months of them and the the You this: You this: Light Light Black T059920 Light T059620 Light T059520 Light Black T059720 Black T059120 Black T059820 T059220 T059320 T059420 To and them. Other products to covered warranty.
Press the the back of the of the and of the four or its (Dont unwrapped.) the from its the its The with the the front of the Press the clicks If to other through the cover, the top clicks, then the cover.
Press the The charging the the Head If or light or to the head. You the and the head or and the yourself. Automatically the Head the turned least three sheets of Quality of the following: Click the button, necessary, then OK On the The then and It then and finished, the The light and lights and the Charging about seconds. finished, the light flashing and The light and the light(s) the cartridge(s) off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Right-click the the right of Select Head OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R2400 OK and Head You this:
Manually the Head the turned Quality of the following: Click the then OK On the the each that the least noticeable You to or the the Right-click the the right of Select Head OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R2400 OK and Head You this as the Select each through Then the each the boxes the If the each Realignment to another and this
Cleaning the To its should clean Turn off the the cord, and the interface the then to the Clean the of the with cloth. the and cover closed as the If to of the of the cloth to the shown below: Warning: Dont the or the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or apply or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the
Transporting the If to its or Follow these Turn the and the heads to right to the Turn off the the cord, and the interface the cover and the to the Then the cover. from the then the or the and the the and its the the protective that with them. the as the the Then If the head the head to the the its location. the to the
to what the of Then these sections and Software Quality Uninstalling and Software Where To Its to free to Download instructions
The below the of the buttons. the and off. the the light or off. or the head to the and to its Prints and to the or multiple-sheet-feed Clears while Cleans the head. the three seconds when the light off. to the cutting. or the of the when seconds.
Lights The below the functions of the lights. To indicated the lights, below. Light On: of or the On: empty, or the Black or Black On: the lights below) or Lights Explanation light The or flashes or cleaning the head. light flashes then follow the to light of correctly, or with the Follow the to or the correctly. isnt the currently selected path, or or charging or cleaning the head. The Black or Black the type the occurred.
Lights Explanation light or sheets light flashes head or trying to than the specified the light flashes light flashes If and the If the to the then off and then instructions, Sheet instructions sheets of instructions or Path instructions or thick If off the and the the cover and or torn Then of the following: or Turn the and the off the then the and Path instructions or thick If to path, another path, the the path. or the head from to the or the sheet and the front Turn off the the cover, and or torn or the front Then the back If the or
Lights Explanation light flashes light flashes light flashes You to whether from the or other Turn off and then the interface the the then and release the to the the light flashes. the ROM and Turn off the the interface and and unknown occurred. Turn off the seconds, and If the lights flashing, or If the the software interface or or software correctly. If the with the and
and and Software The installation. the charge its head about and finished (the light flashing) off the or the the completely, the cover closed, and the Turn off the then back to clear the or using the software. turned and its securely connected both Follow the the and the other including and protectors, and If with software If and the USB from the USB correctly. If on-screen Reference instructions selected as the the
the light nothing the interface securely connected both and the as If the software correctly. If as on-screen Reference The sounds as though nothing The head cleaning; instructions. The properly or when turn or awhile. too the recommended You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the Select or the Quality/Speed to Turn High and off, If to USB USB USB to USB
Quality You (light Clean the head; instructions. Select higher and off High or Select the or the of the whiter or The replacing; the head as or smeared. isnt curled, or with or the specifications the on-screen Reference and absorption of If the types, smears, or other the head as Select the Thick software. Access the from the as follows: Click and and Option Information OS Select from the
or Clean the head; instructions. The or the or isnt or higher or higher the head as Increase the or software You or selected when and white photographs, using Advanced B&W Clean the head; instructions. The or Dont or to when This to and If finishes or If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution
turning off PhotoEnhance that the (Macintosh); exactly match on-screen to as as the Photoshop instructions If and/or yellow-brown or light, overexposed and or light-blue the or If the the Press the to the then the If when it the or too thin. feed correctly. If feed or feed, from the the of the them the right of the and the the too tightly. Dont the arrow the If of that than the sheets the Press the to the If that the following: Turn off the from the
from the sheet or the cover and Press the to clear the correctly or the the of the straight If the feed smoothly. If the curled, the of and backwards the the the the the the and to force the as the Source or the and of the (Macintosh). Other too instructions. If the three seconds to the the necessary). If the light the the as types, clearing of which then appear To this, of to of the clearing the front and the through the the white the back of the the and the
The inverted, as Turn off the software or the or instructions. The selected the or the or Clean the head; instructions. You incorrect characters. the interface securely connected both and the selected the or the or If switch or USB with the directly to instead. The incorrect. the or (Macintosh). Choose the The within the of the Specifications Reference the right of the with the the correctly or sheets.
Too printed. that the option software or incorrect. the and options correctly. Uninstalling and Software You to and then and operating You to other software or the Reference Click and or to or EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall the EPSON R2400 and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. then the to software. OS the Applications then the Select or R2400 and the button. Macintosh, then the sheet to software.
Where To If with or EPSON RAW Print, the information below. with other software that with technical hours through the services and telephone services below: Service Access World From the reach At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. Please the following information ready: Product R2400) Product (located the back of the and its of purchase (such as and of purchase and operating of the of services hours To these services, tone telephone and SoundAdvice this to the R2400 SoundAdvice. SM
You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Technical Other Software Software or Telephone AM to PM, to
and Notices To and its software, that has: Microsoft PC with III or higher or higher recommended) or XP 256MB or of RAM (512MB or recommended) 200MB or of recommended VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD-ROM the software USB Windows-compliant USB or USB (recommended) and shielded USB AB To and its software, that has: Apple or G3 or higher), G4 or higher recommended), or G5 OS or 256MB or of RAM (512MB or recommended) 200MB or of recommended VGA or CD-ROM or DVD-ROM the software USB shielded USB AB USB recommended) IEEE-1394 IEEE-1394 and IEEE-1394 and
Instructions using these instructions to and effectively: to follow and instructions the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the and from of interference, such as or telephone locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the least inches the back of the and the the near or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or or the its or This allow to from the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the or cover the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following and Notices the off the Dont switch off the or the the light off. If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions.
Cartridge Instructions of the reach of when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced quality. the the the within months of first them. cool, with the of the facing from allow to least three hours using or from its from its this or tear the this the or to them. This the head. the IC the front of the This and If the supply from and and the as the that there the covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding NERGY TAR NERGY TAR that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused and Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 and Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B321A America, Inc. Warranty What America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the and free from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the SM and Notices
the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty or of or of or services reprinting. This warranty to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to and Notices America, Inc. P. O. CA
Photoshop with, to Advanced B&W to Advanced to to head, to head head cleaning, Background Macintosh, to to Blurry to Bright White Browser, to C Characters, incorrect, Checking Cleaning head, to Macintosh, to to with to ColorSync, to Custom to Custom Macintosh, to to Declaration of Conformity, to Edge Smoothing to Enhanced
to PhotoCenter, SoundAdvice, warranty, to FCC Features, Head Cleaning to to other software, Troubleshooting High to ICM Matching) Incorrect characters, of to replacing, to instructions, Macintosh, Inverted to Light Black Light Light Black Lights, to to to software, to Margins, incorrect, Black to Macintosh,
Macintosh, Network to feeding to to sheet to to sheets, to to Source Black RPM software, PhotoCenter, PhotoEnhance, Bright White Preprinted head to cleaning, to Head to Quality to Macintosh, cleaning, to to to advanced, to Macintosh, basic, to advanced, to basic, to to software, to feeding, to to to software, Quality Option Quality/Speed
Reference to software, to to options, to instructions, to Service, to to to to Smeared Software photo, summary, SoundAdvice, Source to Technical to Testing Text Text Thick Troubleshooting, to Uninstalling software, USB, and Head to to Head to Warranty, to advanced to basic to software,
and to the that earned of their awards! specially coated to with UltraChrome about of and This RC that those of Its E and thickness photographic and thick, heavyweight with coated this the and of art Perfect photographic and graphic textured this offers from resin-coated Heavyweight EPSON Paper-Heavyweight photographs with finish. With its heavyweight, bright white, ultra-smooth coated finish, this photographs, and To and You purchase and from authorized To the authorized please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridges Light Light Black T059920 Light T059620 Light T059520 Light Black T059720 Black T059120 Black T059820 T059220 T059320 T059420 inches) S041667/S041286 inches, S041727/S041808 inches, S041464 inches, S041465 inches S041302 inches S041376 inches) S041290 A3 inches) S041288 inches) S041289 inches, S041466 inches S041378 inches) S041331 inches S041329 inches) S041327 inches) S041405 inches S041408 A3 inches) S041406 inches) S041407 inches S04140 inches) S041341 A3 inches) S041343 inches) S041339 Heavyweight inches) S041257 inches, S041467 inches, S041468 A3 inches) S041260 inches) S041263 Double-Sided inches) S041568 Quality inches) S041062 inches) S041067 inches) S041070 inches) S041069 Bright White inches) S041586 Quality A4 inches) S041106 Scrapbook inches) SCR1002 inches SCR1003 White inches) S041351 inches) S041636 inches) S041637 UltraSmooth inches) SP91209 Water inches foot SP91220 The of location.
thick, with coated this the and of art Perfect photographic and graphic textured this offers from resin-coated and to the photo that earned of their awards! specially coated to with UltraChrome about of and This RC photo that those of Its E and thickness photographic and Heavyweight EPSON Paper-Heavyweight photographs with finish. With its heavyweight, bright white, finish, this photographs, and How To and You purchase and from authorized To the authorized please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridges Light Light Black T059920 Light T059620 Light T059520 Light Black T059720 Black T059120 Black T059820 T059220 T059320 T059420 inches) S041667/S041286 inches, S041727/S041808 inches, S041464 inches, S041465 inches S041302 inches S041376 inches) S041290 A3 inches) S041288 inches) S041289 inches, S041466 inches S041378 inches) S041331 inches S041329 inches) S041327 inches) S041405 S041408 A3 inches) S041406 inches) S041407 inches S04140 Enhanced inches) S041341 A3 inches) S041343 inches) S041339 Heavyweight inches) S041257 inches, S041467 inches, S041468 A3 inches) S041260 inches) S041263 Double-Sided inches) S041568 Quality inches) S041062 inches) S041067 inches) S041070 inches) S041069 Bright White inches) S041586 Quality A4 inches) S041106 Scrapbook inches) SCR1002 inches SCR1003 White inches) S041351 inches) S041636 inches) S041637 UltraSmooth inches) SP91209 Water inches foot SP91220 The of location.