Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. If anything as the back of this the tout Turn the the Press the bouton Dont the the cover. the cover. Unpack the the yellow from each Dont other from the the the each Press the they click. the cover and clicks. senclenche. the cover. Press the to charge Charging about bouton Dont off the R280 while the light flashing or R280 the and its rallonge. the front and the front rallonges. the to the the right and the or/ou or/ou Dont the first. the or/ou or/ou
ready to the Cartridges to reliability. If anything as the back of this the tout Turn the the Unpack Press the bouton Dont the the cover. the cover. Unpack the the from each Dont other from the the the each Press the they click. the cover and clicks. senclenche. the cover. Press the to Charging about bouton charger Dont off the R280 while the light flashing or R280 the and its rallonge. the front and the front rallonges. the to the the right and the or/ou or/ou Dont the first. the or/ou or/ou
Turn the the Press the bouton Dont the the cover. the cover. Unpack the the from each Dont other from the Unpack to the Cartridges to reliability. If as the back of this the tout the the each Press the they click. senclenchent. the cover and clicks. senclenche. the cover. Press the to charge Charging about bouton Dont off the R280 while the light flashing or R280 the and its the front cover and the front rallonges. the to the the right and the or/ou or/ou Dont the first. the or/ou or/ou
the the each Press the they click. the cover and clicks. senclenche. the cover. Press the to charge Charging about bouton charger Dont off the R280 while the light flashing or R280 Turn the the Press the bouton Dont the the cover. the cover. Unpack the only the yellow from each cartouche. Dont other from the Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. If as the back of this the tout the and its the front cover and the front rallonges. the to the the right and the or/ou or/ou Dont the sideways; first. the or/ou or/ou
software software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and OS XP, XP Edition MC OS the R280 NOT CONNECTED to R280 NEST PAS CONNECTE If New and the USB You cant software that saffiche, USB. the Software CD. With the the Account CD-ROM Click and follow the on-screen instructions. instructions saffichent this the first option and then Next the R280 connected to through If the option, Next then to saffiche, option R280 option, prompted, the USB USB USB. USB If securely connected and the R280 R280 the CD. CD-ROM. ready to the Software CD. CD-ROM Double-click the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. prompted, the USB USB the R280 turned USB. USB R280 this the saffiche, Follow the the right of the to the R280 R280 Click Next necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software. saffichent the CD. CD-ROM. ready to instructions the On-screen Information Click the shortcut easy to the R280 troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and On-screen with software Select or when software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to (U.S.) AM to PM through and AM to PM or AM to PM through or charges apply. Software Technical ArcSoft PhotoImpression www.arcsoft.com www.epson.ca ArcSoft MC www.arcsoft.com and and the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON high or the of Black Light Achat fournitures MS www.epson.ca fournitures tous offerts and and and and service of Corporation. Notice: other the property of their owners. service Corporation. Toutes Inc. CPD-23761 the to the right and with when purchasing Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX XXXXXX the below to Its as easy as Light High Capacity www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or www.epson.ca or the tout www.epson.ca R280 Cartridges High Capacity www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or www.epson.ca www.epson.ca Black/Noir Yellow/Jaune
software software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and XP, XP Edition NOT the R280 to CONNECTED R280 NEST PAS CONNECTE If New and the USB You cant software that saffiche, USB. CD. Software the With the the Account CD-ROM and follow the Click on-screen instructions. instructions saffichent this the Next first option and then the R280 connected to through If then Next the option, to saffiche, option R280 option, prompted, the USB USB USB. USB If securely connected and turned the R280 R280 the CD. CD-ROM. ready to OS MC OS the Software CD. CD-ROM Double-click the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. prompted, the USB USB the R280 turned USB. USB R280 this the saffiche, Follow the the right of the to the R280 R280 Click Next necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software. saffichent the CD. CD-ROM. ready to instructions using the On-screen Information Click the shortcut easy to the R280 troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and with software Select or when software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to (U.S.) AM to PM through and AM to PM or AM to PM through or charges apply. Software Technical ArcSoft www.arcsoft.com www.epson.ca ArcSoft PhotoImpression MC www.arcsoft.com and and the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Instant-drying heavyweight high or the of photo the below to Its as easy as Black Light High Capacity www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or www.epson.ca or the Achat www.epson.ca photo tous offerts tout www.epson.ca and and and and service of Corporation. Notice: other the property of their respective owners. service Corporation. Toutes America, Inc. CPD-23761 the to the right and with when purchasing High Capacity www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or www.epson.ca www.epson.ca Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX XXXXXX Light MS R280 Cartridges Black/Noir Yellow/Jaune
the CD. CD-ROM. ready to OS OS CD. Software the CD-ROM Double-click the and follow the on-screen Click instructions. prompted, the USB USB the R280 turned USB. USB R280 the this saffiche, Follow the the right of the to the R280 R280 necessary. Next Click Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software. saffichent the CD. CD-ROM. ready to software software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and XP, XP Edition MC NOT the R280 to CONNECTED R280 NEST PAS CONNECTE If Found New and the USB You cant software that saffiche, USB. CD. Software the With the the Account CD-ROM and follow the Click on-screen instructions. instructions saffichent this the Next first option and then the R280 connected to through If then Next the option, to saffiche, option R280 option, prompted, the USB USB USB. USB If securely connected and turned the R280 R280 instructions the On-screen Information Click the shortcut easy to the R280 troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and On-screen with software Select or when using software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to (U.S.) AM to PM through and AM to PM or AM to PM through or charges apply. Software Technical ArcSoft PhotoImpression www.arcsoft.com www.epson.ca ArcSoft PhotoImpression MC www.arcsoft.com and and the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON heavyweight high or the of the below to Its as easy as Black Light Light High Capacity www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or www.epson.ca or the Achat fournitures www.epson.ca fournitures photo tous photo offerts tout www.epson.ca and and and and service of Corporation. Notice: other the property of their respective owners. service Corporation. Toutes America, Inc. CPD-23761 the to the right and with when purchasing R280 Cartridges High Capacity www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or www.epson.ca www.epson.ca Black/Noir Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX XXXXXX MS Yellow/Jaune
instructions the Information Click the shortcut easy to the R280 troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and On-screen with software when software. or Select Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to through and PM to AM (U.S.) to AM to AM or PM PM through or charges apply. Software Technical ArcSoft www.arcsoft.com www.epson.ca ArcSoft PhotoImpression the CD. CD-ROM. ready to CD. Software the CD-ROM Double-click the and follow the on-screen Click instructions. prompted, the USB USB the R280 turned USB. USB R280 the this saffiche, Follow the the right of the to the R280 R280 necessary. Next Click Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software. saffichent the CD. CD-ROM. ready to software software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and OS XP, XP Edition MC OS NOT the R280 to CONNECTED R280 NEST PAS CONNECTE If Found New and the USB You cant software that saffiche, USB. CD. Software the With the the Account CD-ROM and follow the Click on-screen instructions. instructions saffichent this the Next first option and then the R280 to through If then Next the option, to saffiche, option R280 option, prompted, the USB USB USB. USB If securely connected and the R280 R280 and and the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON heavyweight high or the of the below to Its as easy as Black Light Light High Capacity www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or www.epson.ca or the Achat MS www.epson.ca photo tous photo offerts tout www.epson.ca and and and and service of Corporation. Notice: other the property of their respective owners. service Corporation. Toutes respectives. America, Inc. CPD-23761 the to the right and with when purchasing R280 Cartridges High Capacity www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or www.epson.ca www.epson.ca MC www.arcsoft.com Black/Noir Yellow/Jaune Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX XXXXXX