R2000
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. of Copyrighted each to and of the copyright when While copying or of those as broad as people copyright UltraChrome and and of Corporation. UltraSmooth PhotoEnhance and service of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-33735 Copyright Notice
Introduction R2000 archival of and from these features: UltraChrome including and tones and increased vibrancy. smooth, and Enhanced including thick, art boards, and of to inches, with or without AccuPhoto HG while smoother to inch) with as as the Direct CDs and professional USB Ethernet and CERTIFIED fast, wireless connectivity to Downloadable ICC Profiles Please follow these as Warning: to to to Notes information about R2000 hints Introduction
Loading You of the or the and using the thick the front Loading the You the following and the other the feed the or type Approximately (B or B) Bright White inch, inch, inch) inch) (B, A3, B) (A3 or B) inch or (B) inch or inch, A3, or B) Double-sided Quality Self-adhesive Loading
the and the then the and the or first, the right and beneath the Then the the and the too tightly). first, or top first. The slightly feeding and it while Loading
Loading the You professional these the and the Scrapbook from the and the the and the the the back of the the to the right. the the notches its with the the back of the Then the the top of the with Loading
the the correctly. of and the right then the the too tightly. first, which the instructions. the the and there the it slightly. Once the feeding the of the cover and the the the and straight. The feed straight the properly the If the crooked or the front when To this, and the three seconds to the the from the the to clear the and the the cover and Loading
Loading You or or with or without You these 8.3-inches 13-inches of and and Its to the and necessary, This from the to the Turn the the and the the the the the each of the as shown. and protective from the of the and the corners of the straight and to feeding Loading
touching the of or With that previously loaded, to the straight each the the back of the the to the right. the with the the back of the with Then the right the the right. the of the the located the and with the Loading
the the right of the too tightly. or the with the the and there the slightly. Once the feeding the of to inches of the as and the If feeding that the straight and to the the cover and the to the or feeding straight. The straight the properly the of If crooked or the front when To this, and the three seconds to back the the from the the to clear the then the or the the to the to inches of the cover and Removing Prints and To or the to feed the then off straight the the the as to the too to the to feeding To or the to the to Loading
If finished or and the seconds to feed the and of the If the the Turn the the to the then the and from the Press the to the light from flashing. the or its from high humidity, and sunlight. Loading Thick the front feed to 19-inch that to thick. there enough the the to feed through the Turn the or the or Then the If necessary, the or the Loading
the front feed cover and the of thick the front first with the the trailing with the arrows. the to the of the too tightly. If the the and the light flashes when the and off the Then the and Dont off the when thick or the To the from the without the finished thick the front cover. Loading
offers of high easy to the of and creative You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON inches S042181 S042174 inches S041808 S041727 S042119 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches) S042182 S042175 inches S041464 S042120 inches S041465 S042121 inches) S041283 S041667 inches S041466 inches) S041290 A3 inches) S041288 inches) S041289 inches S041376 inches feet S041378 Sheet count Loading
inches S041809 S042038 inches S041982 S042122 inches) S041405 S041913 inches) S041341 S041914 inches S041467 Loading inches) S041141 S041649 S041271 inches) S041156 inches) S041143 inches) S041331 inches) S041327 A4 inches) S041602 A3 inches) S041406 inches) S041407 S041604 inches S041408 inches S041409 A4 inches) S041603 A3 inches) S041343 inches) S041339 S041605 inches) S041257 S042180 inches S041468 A3 inches) S041260 inches) S041263 Sheet count
inches) S041568 Double-sided inches) S041062 inches) S041636 inches) S041351 White UltraSmooth inches) S041896 Scrapbook inches) SCR1002 Exhibition S045248 Exhibition inches S045255 Bright White inches) S041586 Quality Self-adhesive A4 inches) S041106 Press Bright inches) S042327 Press inches) S042317 Cold Press Bright inches) S042307 Cold Press inches) S042297 inches) S041067 inches) S041070 inches) S041069 inches) S041637 inches SCR1003 inches) S042330 inches) S042320 inches) S042310 inches) S042300 Sheet count Loading
From to This section from or instructions, the You directly CDs or and the To directly from PictBridge connected to the R2000 the Its to to R2000 software. Checking Software instructions. photo or and the option. Select then the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the From to Select Click to software
On the the that matches the the or type of photographic From to
the Quality or Quality or Quality to this: the Speed/Quality to from the following LEVEL with LEVEL text and LEVEL and graphics with and LEVEL and graphics with high and LEVEL the and to Then from the following and OK High fast, bidirectional Edge Smoothing to the of low-resolution vector-based including graphics, and art. (This photographs.) to to Select of the following as the increases the RGB matches to the RGB this RGB. From to
to choose from Correction to and, necessary, the brightness, and ICM based the ICC and the selected using the Matching the instructions, information about or Choose the Source which Sheet of the or to inches If to around each photo. or inches If to feed amounts of each Rear of the instructions). Thick thick the front CD/DVD the CD/DVD instructions). Select the the loaded. If Select the then the the Width, A4- or the Height the to inches. Click OK then the the of or inches to the of the to software). From to
If To the To reduce or or the and as necessary. (Click or Click OK to Click OK or to This appears and shows the of If instructions and From to
With OS Follow the below to from OS to or the and Select as the Click the arrow to the necessary. Select the the and To photo, with option. To Select Custom as the option. Click the Untitled and the Width, A4- or the the to inches. the to and OK Then the the of to or inches to the of the to software). Choose or as the or photo. Select Click to From to
Select from the to Advanced information about the Select the that matches the The type the and type of select. To often than necessary, switch the to the type of the or type of photographic From to
Select of the following as the increases the to RGB matches to the RGB this RGB. instructions, information about or Select Quality selected type): the with reduced with Normal text and and graphics with high and to RPM the and to Then from the following High fast, bidirectional quality. to the to to Click From to
To the the or Select the If instructions removing and necessary. From to
Selecting the Correct Select the software or OS). This coverage with Black this Select this Paper/Bright White Bright White Exhibition Exhibition CD or DVD CD/DVD with Black this Select this Paper/Bright White Bright White Quality Double-Sided Double-sided White White UltraSmooth UltraSmooth Scrapbook Exhibition Exhibition CD/DVD From to
with Black this Select this Press Bright Press Bright Press Press Cold Press Bright Cold Press Bright Cold Press Cold Press CD or DVD CD/DVD From to CD/DVD
CDs and You R2000 and the CD software that with to directly CDs or To should burn or CD or DVD Follow the these Loading CD or DVD CD or DVD Removing Printed CD/DVD Loading CD or DVD Turn the the and the it the the the the front feed and the CDs and
the CD/DVD with the the the and then the the the the front feed Then the the of the CD/DVD that the CD/DVD beneath the then the the arrows CDs and
CD/DVD to the the the and when finishes. the R2000 or off with CD or DVD the first CD or DVD the software the R2000 the CD directly CDs or Follow these to the and the the of the following to CD: Double-click the CD OS the Applications the Software the CD and CD Follow the instructions the to You the the to text and background or own or CDs and
If whose to within inch of the of the to the the of the CD software. the instructions. ready to the the and You of these OS necessary. Click Removing Printed CD/DVD CD or DVD printed, the from the R2000 the and the the CD or DVD You to to hours the to from and sunlight. If to the or instructions. If or CD or DVD, to the the Cleaning the CDs and
Follow the these sections to the R2000 its Checking and Cleaning the Head below Checking and the Head Checking the Cartridge Cartridges Switching Black Cleaning the Checking and Cleaning the Head You and clean the head using the and Cleaning software. It that then reads to which then necessary. of the of the following: Right-click the the right of (the and the and Cleaning and OK OS the Applications the Software the EPSON Utility4 SP R2000 and OK Then and Cleaning
Click and follow the on-screen instructions to allow the to and the If necessary, the cleans the head, and and the If clogged, to the head manually. the instructions. If cleaning the head four off and least hours to Then try If R2000 to least once month to Checking and the Head If become or or or light them, to the head. Its to the first to the and the head, necessary. If the head manually. head cleaning sheets of (or the hand) the Its to or the of the following: Right-click the the right of (the and Head OS the Applications the Software the EPSON Utility4 SP R2000 and OK Then Head
To the and the head automatically, then OK Follow the on-screen instructions to the and the head as necessary. To the head manually, the and follow the on-screen instructions, or the Checking the Cartridge R2000 when or the following The light flashes when or The light when expended. You when the other expended. displays when try to This optionally offers and other from On that connected to the to offers the first to when Click or To offers or from the instructions
To the anytime, of the following: Double-click the the right of (the You the to the right. OS X: the Applications the Software the EPSON Utility4 Select SP R2000 OK and EPSON You the to the right.
Cartridges You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the following when or purchase Black T1591 T1592 T1593 T1594 T1597 T1599 Black T1598 T1590 that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and amount of the the The with and of the from the first the within months of the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the R2000 ready to them to the head from the CD/DVD software
You immediately removing the ones. the CD/DVD or thick and the front cover If or the to the the cover. Press the to the head to the If or expended, the light the flashes or To the head or the white the head. the cover.
the the and the straight to of the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of the the four or clicking sound when them. the the or the from the to the the the yellow from the of the other or or
the the and clicks Once the necessary the cover and clicks the cover. Press the to charging the This about The light flashes as the charges. the light flashing and the light charging finished. off the R2000 while charging or If the light flashing, the then the securely. If or and the
Switching Black with Black and Black Although both the to the type of The switch automatically, the type of The following Black Double-sided White UltraSmooth Exhibition Quality Scrapbook Press Bright Press Cold Press Bright Cold Press
The following Black Exhibition Cleaning the If or to the the feeding of through If builds the they traction and become to feed properly. cleaning instructions. Turn the the and sheets of the Press the to feed of through the feeding through the the clean.
If with the of the lights to the You the troubleshooting below or The and easy to and and purchasing. Checking Software Periodically, to to R2000 software. and Download the Software or (U.S.) or With the the You or or EPSON and R2000
Checking the Lights the of the lights to the If follow the instructions the below. Network Network light light light light light Light and or the and the or correctly, or with the or the flashing You or which and flashing The front cover while flashing from the To thick or CD/DVD, or the front feed cover to the to the front cover). Press the to clear the or to The CD/DVD to CD or DVD. If thick the the thick and the
Light and and flashing or flashing off and flashing off and flashing and the flashing feed front or or Press the to then the cover and and the to clear the Gently the and the to clear the off or then and the connected to the USB only PictBridge to the USB the the R2000 the of their service or occurred. The head or other Turn off the and back If the The CD/DVD to Gently the CD/DVD and the to the The cover the cover to (Leaving the cover or
and the below first, and the to the right and the the arrow the of when using the the the software the loaded. If the and lights flashing and the cover closed. Leaving the or If the the and the of to the the right and the too the sheet once and the cover closed. If the feed, the correctly and the the the If builds the they traction and become to properly. cleaning instructions. the front feed or with the sheet to art or board. If feed, the of straight and the rolling backward, necessary. Then the If thick feed, straight the and
If the following, Sheet or feed Press the to sheets, then the cover and Press the to clear the then off or then and the feed Gently the and the to clear the CD/DVD If the CD/DVD or the the CD/DVD and the flashing. the CD/DVD to the correctly the and the arrows the cover closed. If correctly the or cover the correctly, to the the CD software. the instructions. If smears CDs or and that the of the and them hours them If necessary, the using CD software. the instructions. Quality the and the the whiter, or isnt or curled. the type of matches the and type software
sheets from the as they least hours or protective If to them, of each If light or or they too to the head. and the head If the head to and the head The and Network If wireless the to location. to microwave or such as wireless router and/or to the supported. Network the to location. there (such as MAC the wireless router. If the MAC the router. To the MAC Network the the network information Then routers instructions. If wireless router security the WEP or WPA correctly. and the CD to software. instructions.) The or to the wireless router connecting to the wireless router or with or another to that correctly. that the within of router or
If wireless router or its (SSID), manually wireless If wireless router or wireless security to what of security The appear the OS X) the correctly and that TCP/IP correctly. the Network software properly the sheet instructions. Network the the information and that the correct. using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If IP using DHCP, to the IP manually. that the turned and that router, switch, or LED the the to or flashing. If the LED off, the following: the Ethernet securely connected to both the and router, switch, or connecting to another router, switch, or connecting the to another router, switch or connecting the to router, switch, or with another Ethernet from another the to the The Light On You Cant router might assigning IP DHCP. If to the IP manually. correctly router
firewall or security software to (TCP/UDP). firewall or the Network the the information and the strength. If the to wireless router or the to microwave or such as
Where to Technical (U.S.) or and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product R2000 Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON
Notices Instructions R2000 and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions this the type of indicated the this outlet where the easily If this the from the off this using the and the light flashing the or off to the this outlet the as or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or frayed. If with this the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around this or the or through the this or heating or sunlight. products that or around this Doing fire. this that its It properly or this least inches from the the white this to this Notices
as specifically to service this yourself. this and servicing to service the following the or this this or the this normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. or this its or otherwise from the Cartridge of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with this or immediately Leaving the head and this from If the supply from and and the as this that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the Notices
Network this or waves from the the operation of this least from waves from this their operation. this such as or fire waves from this these America, Inc., Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated only the United States, or from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as the United States, or Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and it to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If authorizes instead of to to or its authorized service where the repaired and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States, or this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty Notices
This warranty or of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN EXCESS OF THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write to: Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B472A Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
Notices
Notices
Notices