EPSON EPSON Printed USA CPD-12208
EPSON PRINTER GUIDE
Printed Copyright Inc. rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with these EPSON EPSON of this information as to other EPSON EPSON ESC/P, and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. DX3, PhotoEnhance, SelecType, and EPSON and EPSON Preferred service of America, Inc. Notice Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Notices Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. CPD-122085/01
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference, which the user to the interference his This with of the FCC to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. WARNING This Class this interference, which the to
Introduction Introducing wide-format the EPSON of and photographic EPSON offers the Photographic and Archival 10000CF). The Photographic the the lowest EPSON Archival photographic that to years, and that The to DX3 head and high-capacity with increased productivity, ease of and The EPSON approximately hour the and hour when high-resolution photographic with performance. The with optional 44-inch that with and flexibility, the EPSON third-party and with EPSON and photographs and other rating based testing of displayed to light intensity, humidity, and atmospheric EPSON the longevity of life, or or properly them.
Introduction If purchase the optional Ethernet interface the optional interface the back of the the instructions. connectivity, the EPSON software or this and EPSON offers these optional and Optional and software Option C823632A Ethernet interface C815172 (High Tension) 2-inch C811134 (High Tension) 3-inch C811122 C815131 Cutting C815182 C815192 Cutting the the built-in with heavy which the built-in You purchase optional and software, and from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please the EPSON Graphics prographics.epson.com and options, including RIP software, which become
To This of which includes the below: The EPSON 10000/10000CF Unpacking and Assembly to and the The EPSON Reference summary of procedures and cleaning the head, and clearing to easy reference. The Reference the EPSON CD-ROM additional information about the and software. You the browser, such as or Microsoft or This This the following information: Chapter to the software, and It to the Chapter instructions and and the Chapter to the EPSON and the to from Chapter to from the EPSON and to the to the and Chapter instructions cleaning and the head, and the and cleaning and the Introduction
Introduction Warning Chapter troubleshooting and operation, and the technical and included the of the and Notes this information throughout this to to to Notes information about hints to the of TIP Where To EPSON technical and information the installation, and of professional graphics arts products through the EPSON Protection AM to PM through and AM to PM Unit ID which included with the EPSON Protection information that with and of purchase. SM
If using or software or RIP, G4 with or higher and 512MB RAM to the performance, the with If Apple recommends that from their EPSON technical hours through the World You reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through You purchase and from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please To or should include the below: USB G3, G4, or through recommended) IEEE DV, G3, or G4 or with or Ethernet G3, or G4 through or higher 256MB of RAM At least 50MB of to the software, and least 150MB of (2GB or recommended) or CD-ROM or DVD the software USB USB and shielded USB AB from to to IEEE IEEE and shielded IEEE the optional and Introduction
Introduction If or software or RIP, III or higher with 512MB RAM to the improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction. To or should include the below: IBM PC with II or higher recommended NT or USB PC with USB (factory or IEEE PC with or Ethernet Ethernet PC NT or 256MB of RAM At least 50MB of free to the software, and least 150MB of free (2GB or recommended) Quad-speed CD-ROM or DVD the software high-speed bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to to with D-SUB, and the USB or with USB and shielded USB AB from to to IEEE IEEE and shielded IEEE the optional and
the off the this button, the light flashes then the or off the to the the light off. This that the head capped. ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The EPA ENERGY STAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively. Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or near or heating to and or shock and the or sunlight. Bright light with the causing and related the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the It properly or or cover the the or through the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using the as or that switch and off. outlets switches or timers. Introduction
Introduction the outlet where the easily fiche the cords become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the as specifically the to service the yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service the from the the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions the or the To the the head hand. of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of and the high or from sunlight.
the or try to them. This to the head. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced quality. the the within months of installation. Introduction
Introduction
the this chapter, the instructions the Unpacking and Assembly The that with include that the to as the these when the Once assembled the ready to easily this process. You should allow least hours that rushed. This chapter covers the following information: the Loading the Connecting the to the software and the head from the software the Cartridges Its that the first the that with the The these to the to as the or Photographic that from EPSON the their chips. that the grounded Then the that with the Follow these to the the to the Press the the
the to the of the This operation and the the to release the and the cover. INK COMPART. OPEN appears the the the top of the first and the the and the If Archival the gently, as shown.
Warning If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If cant the smoothly, the off the the of the or the cover or cover while the light flashing. the the arrow the of the to the of the the the Dont force the back the through the other the cover. The charging the advanced The light the flashes and the sounds. Charging about turn off the or this or than necessary. the light flashing and appears the ready to the the
the touching the of the as as from quality. Loading the Loading three attaching the to the the the and the the from its and the and protective covering. Then of the that Attaching the to the Follow these to the to the the off the of the the the as shown: the the fits securely the the back the and the of the that the of the
You of the the and If to of the that with around the of the information. the the Follow these to the the the cover. the that the white (with the the right. the white the right mounting the You the or the white
the the the first. from the To feeding when using the of the the mounting the Loading the Follow these to the Press the Source the the light
To the the while the or light flashing. the to the released The light the and LOAD PAPER appears the the the the
the the the through the Turn the back to the Then the with the of the
To the the while the or light flashing. the the then the cover. PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the Press the The head and the automatically. READY appears the the and seconds.) The of that head clogged. You the this to the operating correctly to There to the buttons, as below the from software, as the Follow these to using the buttons: the and loaded. the
the Press the SelecType the TEST PRINT MENU the Press the Item You NOZZLE CHECK=PRINT the Press the The as shown below. If the the with the the head cleaning: If from the as shown below, to cleaning instructions. If the to correctly Then cleaning as If this off the and that the interface securely and that the specifications, as or If the to the and or EPSON as
the or to or the If the when to first USB directly to the USB Connecting the to the to using of the following: USB interfacefor and interfacefor IEEE interfacefor and EpsonNet Servernetwork (with purchase of the optional interface instructions connecting the the that with other interfaces, the section below. Connecting to the USB To the to USB shielded USB Follow the below to the to both the and off. the of the USB to the USB the back of the of the USB to USB or first USB the
the Connecting to Only) To the built-in interface, shielded, bidirectional, Follow the below to the to both the and turned off. the securely the interface. Then the together they both the other of the the Connecting to the IEEE To the to the IEEE shielded IEEE Follow the below to the to both the and turned off.
Turn off protection software. of the IEEE to the IEEE the back of the other of the IEEE to IEEE Software connecting the to Macintosh, to the and included software CD-ROM. Follow these Turn and the software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM to its Double-click the Photographic or EPSON Double-click the the
the If and the the Chooser Active when the USB the Inactive then the USB If using Ethernet the Active the the Photographic and 10000CF the the At the first The following appears: Click the then the Follow the instructions to software and informing that to Macintosh. Chooser from the Apple If to the the of these Network to the Click the or 10000CF then the USB
Select the Background to background or off. With background while and the EPSON to the Chooser. instructions using software, Chapter Software connecting the to to the and software CD-ROM. Follow these turned off. Turn and the software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD The automatically: If Then CD-ROM the
the the the Photographic and 10000CF the the Archival If and connected with or interface the Searching and to Double-click the If the Photographic With Photographic If the With Archival Click OK the to software installation. You installation. On and NT, the or NT: Turn and to or You to Press the the light the software and the informing that OK Click the to the If using or NT, or the to If to the with other computers, the section instructions. instructions software, Chapter Follow the the section to to the Network or NT or
This section to as shared To directly to without as Turning background allows to to the the Network This section to the as shared First the software that to the as Then the (the to which the to the and the to to as the the these the to which the Turn the the Chooser, and the Then the the USB connected to. Click the On to Background Click the You the following the
the To background should turned off computers. this then type the and information as Click OK The of the appears the the Chooser. the Chooser. the Computers these that to the the Chooser, the and then the the right. You from the connected to If prompted the the and click OK Background turned off. Then the Chooser. instructions software,
This section to as shared To directly to without as shared If the CD-ROM, the CD-ROM and follow the If to Then with or Network This section to that the the software every that to the as Then the (the to which connected the to the and the to to Configuring the these the to which connected the Click to then Double-click the Click the and You this Select the to to allow others to to printer(s) and OK the Network OK the the
the Select then choose the You to the following: Select Shared the information as then OK the Computers these every that to the Click to and Double-click the
The appears. Click Next You the following: Click Network then Next Click Double-click the of the (directly connected to the Then the Click OK and follow the the to instructions using software, Chapter the
the This section to as shared To directly to without as or to NT or Network This section to that the the software every that to the as Then the (the to which connected the to the and the to to the these the to which the Click to and Select then from the You the following: Click the Shared NT) or Shared as and the Dont from the NT) or Additional Click OK
the Computers these every that to the Click to and Right-click then NT). Click the to the following Click You the the
the Select then New The following appears: the text type the information the below, then OK of connected to the of the shared the On the the and its selected. Then OK instructions using software, Chapter
TIP Its to the head. This that the head correctly. the Head the should the head to You the Head this to software and correctly. You to the Head ready to that as If the clogged, the head correctly and head There to the head: the Head software, as below the the buttons, as Both procedures the head and the Head the turned and least inches loaded. Access the as or with to and Right-click then or NT), or Preferences the
the If (the shows the both the head Click to the Head Macintosh: Click the button. Click the Click the Head Follow the The the head consisting of of the of the the first You of to the below the of the which the first the the below, the the other the first to the consistently the If choose the that the
You to the head the the first the arrow to the the through If chose that consistently the the and from this choose that consistently the every the shows that consistently the both the
the
and Other You purchase and other or options from the EPSON Graphics or authorized EPSON The EPSON of including and sheets to inches You heavy including to thick. This chapter includes the following information: Selecting that EPSON the Selecting That You of coated, and other The with 2-inch of (with switching). High-tension both 2-inch and 3-inch recommended such as EPSON Synthetic and The following shows the to to to to when when using Thickness to to to to of the purchasing or or other to their thickness and instructions.
and Other the EPSON Graphics or authorized EPSON and other that EPSON EPSON which specially formulated the the high-quality The following the the EPSON Photographic type 44-inch S041220 36-inch S041221 24-inch S041295 44-inch S041226 Heavyweight 36-inch S041227 24-inch S041291 44-inch S041228 Heavyweight 36-inch S041229 24-inch S041292 44-inch SP91002 36-inch SP91001 24-inch SP91021 44-inch SP91004 36-inch SP91003 24-inch SP91022 13-inch S041378 (B): S041290 8.3-inch S041376 (A3): S041288 (SB): S041289 S041331 (SB): S041327 44-inch S041484 36-inch S041483 24-inch S041482 Quality S041072 (A4): S041071 (B): S041075 (SB): S041074 S041237 S041236 (A3): S041131 (A2): S041130
Photographic type 44-inch S041463 36-inch S041462 24-inch S041461 13-inch S041409 8.3-inch S041408 44-inch S041387 36-inch S041386 24-inch S041385 S041257 Paper-Heavyweight (A3): S041260 (SB): S041263 13-inch S041233 S041141, S041271, S041272 (A4) S041140 (A3): S041142 (B): S041156 (SB): S041143 S041145 Quality (B): S041070 (SB): S041069 (A2): S041079 (C): S041171 S041102 (SB): S041066 optional 3-inch high and Other S041405 (A3): S041406 (SB): S041407
and Other the EPSON Graphics or authorized EPSON and other that type 44-inch S041387 36-inch S041386 24-inch S041385 44-inch S041389 (SB): S041456 22-inch S041388 Smooth 44-inch S041433 36-inch S041432 24-inch S041431 Backlight 44-inch S041484 36-inch S041483 24-inch S041482 Synthetic 44-inch S041401 36-inch S041400 24-inch S041399 Synthetic 44-inch S041404 36-inch S041403 24-inch S041402 44-inch SP91002 36-inch SP91001 24-inch SP91021 44-inch SP91004 36-inch SP91003 24-inch SP91022 13-inch S041378 S041286 8.3-inch S041376 (A3): S041288 (SB): S041289 (B): S041290 S041331 (SB): S041327 44-inch S041438 36-inch S041437 24-inch S041436 44-inch S041533 36-inch S041532 24-inch S041531 S041434 S041435
type 44-inch S041463 36-inch S041462 24-inch S041461 13-inch S041409 8.3-inch S041408 Archival Textured 44-inch S041449 36-inch S041448 24-inch S041447 44-inch S041496 36-inch S041495 24-inch S041494 Archival S041341 (A3): S041343 (SB): S041339 (SB): S041351 White optional 3-inch high optional 2-inch high Not of and the EPSON Graphics and Other S041405 (A3): S041406 (SB): S041407 S041450 S041451
and Other You purchase and other or options from the EPSON Graphics or authorized EPSON EPSON Follow these using and touching the of the or other with the or choose the software (Macintosh) or instructions. the or both the software and the (Macintosh) or instructions selecting the software. its and cool, to quality. or where they exposed to high humidity, or sunlight. The with 2-inch or of You with 2-inch to inches With the optional high-tension 3-inch that 3-inch Manually switching from to another process. instructions attaching to and the through This section covers the following: the Removing from the Cutting manually with the built-in
Follow these when both them, of the around the This the of the To feeding the light the off. Press the Source of the lights Choose the to each printed. Choose or other heavy that too thick the choose this the optional or to of and them together To its including the and touching the of the from quality. the To the wound when of the included with and Other
and Other To the the while the or light flashing. To the the of the the the it wound around the of the from the If to the from the follow these the cover and the and the of the and first, and then the right If the the to the released then the the the the with hand. the off the of the the from the
information to and the optional the that with the the Manually with the the to the manually finished. If or other heavy should or the optional rather than the built-in the built-in Follow these to manually with the built-in If the correctly, of the buttons to the Normally, to this finished. Press the Source the light Press the Cut/Eject The You the right of or or the right and Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item PAGE LINE=OFF appears the Press the PAGE LINE=ON appears the Press the to the Press the SelecType to the If the EPSON through options. or information. and Other
and Other To the the while the or light flashing. You of and other The from inches) to inches. You the when sheets; and with the as If using than thick, instructions. You to follow the this section. the and Then follow these the cover closed. Press the Source the light the the the the the the right of the straight and with the the cover. PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the
You cant cleaning when To the the while the or light flashing. Press the The head and the automatically. READY appears the the and seconds.) finished, the the To while pressing the You heavy to inches (B1), such as EPSON Follow these instructions when or other than thick. the to catch front of the instructions. that other the If the around the of the to the Press the Source the light the to the released Then the cover. and Other
and Other If using than inches first the the the of the board the cover. the with the the cover. the board with the of the
To the the while the or light flashing. the the then the cover. PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the Press the The head and the automatically. READY appears the the and seconds.) finished, the the To the and the the the heavy to the Normally, the AUTO allows the to automatically. satisfactory when heavy this to WIDE. Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item PLATEN GAP=AUTO appears the Press the PLATEN GAP=WIDE appears the and Other
and Other the to catch front of the Press the to the Press the SelecType to the The appears the right of the to of the switch to this back to AUTO. the The the cloth that attaches to and catches as they This the from or You the to catch the the or it feed straight front of the Catching Printouts of the Follow these to the front of the Unhook the from the
the of the stretched tight. If there the properly to the the the Then the that they the the rear Bring the back of the and them the and Other
and Other Catching Printouts the Follow these to the the Unhook the from the the the Then the to their length.
Catching Printouts Shorter If shorter than inches, that Follow these the the and the to their length. the the to and Other
and Other Its to of and numbers. or other to the thickness, and suction or other the first If the smears or to the and thickness (or suction when EPSON You to four of or other Then the whenever that Drying the or Thickness, Drying and Suction To the and follow these Press the SelecType PAPER CONFIG. MENU appears the Press the Item PAPER NUMBER=STD* appears the If first or batch of the to PAPER NUMBER=1 Then the the button to the to Press the Item THICK. PAT=PRINT appears the Press to the thickness You PAPER THICK. NO.=1 the Following
the to which of the straightest (shows the and the the the the straightest. Press the or to the noted Then Press the Item DRYING TIME=0 MIN appears the Press the or to the then with If smears, increase the This the head (or to the Press the Item SUCTION=NORM* appears the If thin the or to the LOW Then Press the or SelecType to the Selecting Once the (and thickness) type of or other whenever that Press the SelecType PAPER CONFIG. MENU appears the Press the Item You PAPER NUMBER=1. Press the or to the to or the STD Then the Press the or SelecType to the the or back to STD and Other
and Other
Chapter with EPSON EPSON with and that and without RIP. ICC ColorSync included, advanced from or the The CD-ROM includes Reference to and EPSON software. You the such as or Microsoft or This chapter includes the following information: Choosing options Choosing basic options Choosing options Checking
with EPSON the options. to the If information about the Creating the of You the to the Choosing of the options to that through the Software options and Follow these to choose and choose from You the the of Then the If and the of inch (or Select the to
Dont to These through the with EPSON Select the type of the from the Source If than inches You this to of without them. If the following options: than the of the turned and crosswise. Choose this option the to each printed. Prints the right and of feeding the of the of Applicable only. the or and Printable when Source to OK Choosing Once selected to The EPSON offers that and when using EPSON You choose advanced and options, as
with EPSON off and to whether this Follow these to Choose from the of the following appears: This shows the cant them from Choose the of and which to Select the as the (Photographic or Select or Black selected. This option of from to the
You and them to this information. with EPSON the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears the to the of the this appear.) Then choose from the below. Photo-realistic and the and brightness. Corrects or of the and the and highlights. with non-photographic Click Custom and then choose of the from the as below. Custom Advanced the of that of the of the head and only when choose or types. Text/Graph and the and highlights. with non-photographic ColorSync based ICC the
with EPSON Choose from the following to features: Click to the and information about the Chapter about the Click to reduce to the Click to background This while and the information. and then the to Click Click to finished choosing Print.
the EPSON or authorized EPSON and other that location. If the or other using the the instructions included with the If choose the You to to which the with EPSON Selecting the Correct The below the to the EPSON when EPSON Photographic If or other the below, the instructions included with the If choose the You to with to which the the Photographic Product Quality Paper-Heavyweight Heavyweight Heavyweight Quality Quality Quality Quality
with EPSON the EPSON or authorized EPSON and other that If the or other using the the instructions included with the If using choose the You to to which the The below the to with the Archival to EPSON the includes the user who higher and allow to higher when The brighter Each of these with EPSON High-Duty and High with higher Compared to other types, High-Duty increases the and High increases the You to to the the Archival type White White Smooth Smooth Textured Textured Synthetic Synthetic Synthetic Synthetic higher higher higher higher
with EPSON the Archival type Archival Doubleweight Doubleweight High High Not of the EPSON Graphics Choosing Advanced The options these to or to of options to Follow these to with advanced Follow through Click Custom and then Advanced You the following: If necessary, and These three options the of the
with EPSON Choose of the following Quality To Normal and high-quality and other highest and The the Choose or Choose of the following: MicroWeave and MicroWeave effects. One of these selected High fast, bidirectional quality. If when the High to off or the head. of with backlight of from to the This of
TIP EPSON backlight choose and with EPSON Choose of the following specify brightness, and CMY or choose from the three You choose from three which the and of the the PhotoEnhance4 that reflects the choose. allows to and other to of the ColorSync from three to created specifically the EPSON of the You this option to ICC that created. the Choose this to Click to advanced Then type the of and The to of finished advanced OK
with EPSON Notice: Conditions to the of lighting the appearance of appear to slightly when should that the the lighting which they displayed. The EPSON to when with D50 (daylight) light output The following the when choose PhotoEnhance4, or ColorSync. PhotoEnhance4 to using or and the of the with PhotoEnhance4 and the information and correction accordingly. Photo-realistic and the and brightness. Corrects or of the and the and highlights. with non-photographic the as EPSON Increases Matches with PhotoEnhance4 Tone choose from Normal tone correction, high (as and choose from four (and the intensity using the Low/High Sharpness Soft and Corrects and other to Correction
with EPSON ColorSync photographic the relationship as them to within charts and business graphics. the relative of from to another. with known such as and that within the of both and with that and or them. First to background to while printed. that background and Background You background from the Chooser, as or the background the Follow these to background and choose from the Click the background You the following background turned off To background click the On
with EPSON You background to the EPSON instructions. To the of to of the following: to Normal Normal to the the to the the and the to the right to the the ready to release using the following section Click OK to and to the Click to If selected or spooled, the the specified or released as the following section. The and as as their the the right of the and EPSON You the following: to Click to or
If and the the EPSON from the to release the and with EPSON The the To or the then of the following buttons: Click to Click to Click to You the following: Double-click the to Double-click to the of to Click to Click to the head cleaning information about the cleaning If to of the then the arrow. The Priority becomes active. Priority selected the highlighted
with EPSON Click the whose to change. Then click the Priority and of the following Normal the the the Normal the the the ready to release clicking the the and to the then OK If to follow these Press the to off the of the following, whether background and the to the If background off, the If background EPSON from the and Stop the then the to the
with EPSON Checking The the of and and other of operation. Follow these to Click the the or You the Click to the Click the EPSON The software the amount of the and displays the To the the To the OK Click to
with EPSON Warning allow to serious and to Selecting You the the to and and the Follow these Click the the or You the Click the You the Select to of and where Click to and/or the Select from the following options: choose whether to and text or text Warning choose whether warning and text or text only. Temporary and Temporary High the that the temporary created when to the Click the Select to the from the shown. Click to to the
with EPSON to the head Normally, graphics this option, the its and then to the as whole (recommended The checkboxes choose to software or finishing OK to to the
with EPSON
Chapter with EPSON EPSON with and that and without RIP. ICC included, features of or the The CD-ROM includes Reference which includes information about the and software. You the such as or Microsoft or This chapter includes the following information: Choosing options Choosing and options advanced options Checking Choosing to The EPSON offers that and when EPSON You choose advanced and as Follow these to and choose from the You the selected, and then the (If or instead. Then the
with EPSON If information about options, the the following appears: This shows the cant them from Select the as the (Photographic or Select or Black the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears the to the of the this appear.) Click Custom and then choose of the from the as the below.
You and them to this information. off and to whether this with EPSON Custom Text/Graph and the and highlights. with non-photographic ICM based ICC using the (effective only). If ICM-compatible to closely match using the with other or the Select of the following from the pull-down Photo-realistic photographic This and corrects or of the non-photographic This and the and highlights. the selected. This and the finished choosing options, the and follow the instructions choosing and options
with EPSON the EPSON or authorized EPSON and other that Selecting the Correct The below the to the EPSON when EPSON Photographic If using or other the below, the instructions included with the If choose the You to with to which the the Photographic Product Quality Paper-Heavyweight Heavyweight Heavyweight Quality Quality Quality Quality
the EPSON or authorized EPSON and other that If the or other using the the instructions included with the If using choose the You to to which the with EPSON The below the to with the to EPSON the includes the who higher density: and allow to higher when The brighter of these with EPSON High-Duty and High with higher Compared to other types, High-Duty increases the and High increases the You to to the the Archival type White White Smooth Smooth Textured Textured Synthetic Synthetic Synthetic Synthetic higher higher density: higher higher
with EPSON the to the the Archival type High High Not of the EPSON and Choosing and options to that through the Software options and Follow these to choose and options: On the the You this
Creating the of Dont to with EPSON Select the type of the from the Source the of Then the from the If listed, Then the of inch (or the following options: than the of the The turned and crosswise. Choose this option the to each printed. Prints the right and of feeding the of the of Applicable the and If to reduce or the Choose the then OK Choosing Advanced The advanced options these to or to of options to Follow these to with advanced Follow through Click Custom and then Advanced
with EPSON You the following: If necessary, and Choose of the following Quality (these the To Normal and high-quality and other highest and Choose of the following: MicroWeave or MicroWeave effects. These selected High fast, bidirectional If when the High to off or the head. choose PhotoEnhance4, of options the of the
with EPSON of with backlight of from to the Choose of the following brightness, and CMY or choose from the the You choose from three which the and PhotoEnhance4 that reflects the photographic tone and allows to and other to of the the Choose this to the matching with other or the ICM based the ICC the Matching only). If to match Click to advanced Then type the of and The to of finished advanced OK
with EPSON Notice: Conditions to the of lighting the appearance of appear to slightly when lighting. should that the the lighting which they displayed. The EPSON to when with D50 (daylight) light The following the when choose or PhotoEnhance4 PhotoEnhance4 to or and the of the with PhotoEnhance4 and Photo-realistic and the and brightness. Corrects or of the and the and highlights. with non-photographic the as earlier EPSON Increases Matches with PhotoEnhance4 choose from Normal tone correction, high (as and tone Effect choose from four (and the intensity using the Low/High Sharpness, Soft and Corrects and other to Correction
with EPSON with that and or them. The each The with NT) appears the when which appears the the and information about the the appears You the to or You and If the to appear, turn off. instructions. Click to Click to appear Click the displayed
with EPSON the The with NT) displays the of and them. To the while the EPSON or 10000CF that appears the the of the You the To or the to highlight then the the of the The of and when You from the or from Command buttons
If theres such as or displays To that instructions the with EPSON of the following: Click to then Right-click and or NT), or Preferences From the as Click the You the Click to Click the EPSON The following appears. (It when appear appears the
with EPSON Click the then the You the information about the If the to and of the Preferences You choose when and to of whether to appear and whether to allow other who the Follow these Click to and appears the Right-click then or NT), or Preferences Appears only to Appears than Not with NT
with EPSON Click the Preferences You the Preferences Select the options to If to the appear the Shortcut checkbox. Then the to the shortcut, the to the (shown or right-click to the Preferences Select Allow of and to other users Click OK to
with EPSON the the and the Click to then Right-click the EPSON or 10000CF and or NT) or Preferences Click the then the button. You to the following: Select from the following options: High of of the using as cache. If high whether or the displayed when If than You this
with EPSON EPSON or only) the of EPSON instead of the You of these beneath the EPSON option: High (DMA) that fast DMA higher rates, DMA know that DMA Reference instructions DMA them. information, or technical If DMA RAW and NT only) the RAW instead of the EMF the RAW and such as memory or Click OK to the and to the Then OK to the
with EPSON
and the You software to and to Chapter or information. The EPSON includes of The displays and and the lights when or the includes of SelecType that to the and operations. This chapter to to the lights and and to the using the The following information included: the to the Checking Responding to lights and the to the the to the The includes buttons, lights, and (LCD):
and the Normal appear the and lights or to phases of operation. The following the and lights: Light Explanation or READY light ready to PRINTING light flashing INK DRY light flashing to MIN the of shown. INK CHARGING light or charging flashing RESET lights PRESS PAUSE light Press the to BUTTON WAIT light or flashing or charging PAUSE light To the NO INK Appears when the CARTRIDGE replaced. PAT PRINTING light flashing head and light POWER OFF light flashing and the If to the the Press the to If to the the Press the and seconds. This clears the memory.
instructions the to Checking You the to or These allow to the without You the amount of of and the of and other Check The shows the amount of each count, and the of To this information the instead of Follow these to the of the following the instructions (You the Press the SelecType the TEST PRINT MENU the Press the Item STATUS CHECK=PRINT the Press the The The amount of or indicated as follows: E*****F (or E**** (or E*** (or E** (or E* nearly (or service (or service Press the SelecType to the and the
and the Checking and You information the without Follow these Press the SelecType the Press PRINTER STATUS MENU the Press the Item You VERSION the This the firmware the Item to the amount each of the or service of The as follows: E*****F (or E**** (or E*** (or E** (or E* nearly (or service than of (or service life) Following of the items displayed. that the the and to authorized EPSON service INK LEFT-K TOTAL PRINTS INK LEFT-C WASTE INK INK LEFT-M CR MOTOR INK LEFT-LC (light PF MOTOR INK LEFT-LM (light HEAD UNIT head) INK LEFT-Y (yellow) CLEANER (cleaning CUTTER LIFE Press the SelecType to the
Light Explanation COVER OPEN light cover the cover. INK light You the COMPART.OPEN cartridge(s) and the cover CLOSE INK CART. light The the cover. COVER cover INK LOW light(s) cartridge(s) flashing nearly INK OUT light(s) cartridge(s) the cartridge(s) indicated light(s). instructions. LOAD PAPER the light released the while LOAD ROLL PAPER LOAD SHEET PAPER MAINTENANCE REQ. MAINTENANCE The authorized EPSON servicer to REQ of the NO INK light(s) cartridge(s) as indicated the lights. CARTRIDGE instructions. OPTION I/F interface Turn off the and the ERROR the that with the Responding to Lights and or or appears the The lights the or flash. The following the alphabetically and includes and instructions correcting the light software from the and EPSON as to and the the cover when finished the cartridge(s). cartridge(s) indicated light(s). instructions. the the to the the right and the the the and software.
and the Light Explanation PAPER JAM the light flashing the information. PAPER NOT CUT the manually, then the light flashing completely. from the as PAPER NOT and STRAIGHT light flashing the PAPER OUT loaded. light LOWER PAPER SET LVR light released the or another operation. RELOAD PAPER light the REMOVE PAPER too thick the to the light head cleaning. Head cleaning cleaning, SERVICE REQ. lights occurred. the and the off flashing and then If the EPSON as the from the off. or the and too the the the the insertion then ejected. PAPER NOT CUT cleared. the straight and with the of the If the appears the the seconds. Then and the the the to the from the the that the straight and with the of the or
Light Explanation SERVICE REQ. lights The EPSON to the flashing replaced. TURN PWR OFF This appears AND ON clear UNABLE TO You to while PRINT or the WRONG CARTRIDGE INVALID CARTRIDGE NOZZLE CHECK The ERROR correctly. COMMAND ERROR the the the Photographic or the 100000CF the light(s) You to the If the first the that with To clear the the to the to the off. about then turn the and the Press the to the off and back seconds the disappears. Press the to SelecType If the appears clear the If the and You the Other Press and the Cleaning the least seconds to cleaning the head.
and the affected the the top and to the to the to testing the and the of the SelecType to and operations. The following the their and where to information: SelecType the or Check and thickness and and the Head the head Margins The inches or and right) and inches or (top and You the the to to or Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly ROLL MARG=T/B15MM* appears the This the Press the once to to ROLL MARG=3MM appears the Press the to to ROLL MARG=15MM appears the information,
You the or to through three the the to Then the SelecType to the Turning The normally and displays to than the or You off the and/or to these features. sprayed the that too the Follow these to off Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly PAPER SIZE CHK=ON or PAPER ALIGN CHK=ON appears the Press the PAPER SIZE CHK=OFF or PAPER ALIGN CHK=OFF appears the Press the to Press the SelecType to the Selecting the Interface The includes three interfaces: USB, and You optional interface the switches to whichever interface You the to interface to the Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the and the
and the If ECP switch back to to ECP Press the Item repeatedly INTERFACE=AUTO* appears the This the Press the once to the interface. INTERFACE=PARALLEL appears the Press the to the USB interface. INTERFACE=USB appears the Press the to the interface. INTERFACE=OPTION1 appears the Press the the optional Ethernet interface network connectivity. INTERFACE=OPTION2 appears the You the or to through four selected the the to Then the SelecType to the Configuring the Interface You the to the interface to ECP To this directly to the interface (without RIP), and the ECP Follow these to the interface: Press and the while the to the HEX DUMP PRINT appears the Press the Item repeatedly PARA. I/F=COMPAT* appears the The that (the selected. Press the PARA. I/F=ECP appears the This the interface to ECP Press the to Then the to the off and
the The the PC437 (U.S. and character You the to to the PC850 character necessary. Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly CODE PAGE=PC437* appears the Press the CODE PAGE=PC850 appears the Press the to Press the SelecType to the Restoring You SelecType and them to their Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly INIT. PANEL=EXEC appears the Press the to and the Press the SelecType to the and the
and the The includes MW7=A authorized EPSON servicer only. the English. to to of the following French the turned off, then follow these to the Press and the while the to the HEX DUMP=PRINT appears the Press the Item LANGUAGE=ENGLISH* displayed. Press the or the displayed. Press the to the Press the to the off and
Chapter and the You the to The EPSON to its This chapter the following cleaning the head the Cleaning the Transporting or the the Cleaning If unexpectedly light or or from the to cleaning This the head they properly. The cleaning should To whether cleaning necessary, first. You should cleaning the head to the cleaning There to cleaning the Head Cleaning software, as below the the buttons, as the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning the turned and that of the lights the off. light flashing or to the instead. instructions. If
and Transporting the If the as or with to and Right-click and then or NT) or Preferences Macintosh: Click the Click the You the Click to Click to the head cleaning Click the and follow the instructions the to the If from the with If caused and to cleaning Click OK to the then the Quality
To the off the cleaning finished and the light flashing. Click the Head Cleaning and follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. the light off, the then: Click Confirmation then Next Click then The the section If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the Quality If the the appear cleaning the off and overnight, then the head the following morning. If EPSON the the Each and straight should with the If from the as shown below, the head and Transporting the
and Transporting the To the turn off the cleaning finished and the light Also, cleaning while thick the TIP Its to the head. This that the head correctly. Cleaning the Head the Follow these to the cleaning from the to the head cleaning. instructions. lights the off. that of the light flashing or to the instead. instructions. If Press the Cleaning and it least seconds. The light flashes as the cleans its head. The cleaning about seconds and the light off, the to that the head clean. You to the cleaning to clean effective cleaning, If the the appear cleaning turn the off and it overnight, then the head the following morning. If EPSON the Head If appears or straight, to the head. There to the head: the buttons, as the section the Head the software, as Both the head and
If (the shows the both the head Press to head the Head from the You EPSON to the consisting of of the of the It about to both Follow these to the head the that least inches the Press the SelecType HEAD ALIGNMENT MENU displayed. Press the Item PAPER THICK=STD appears the If EPSON this STD If using other the thickness of the the or Press the to the ADJUST. PATT.= ALL appears the Press the to both of If to of the or the appears. Then the the first You of to the below the of the which the first the the below, the and the
and the Press to through the reach the to the other the first to the consistently the If choose the that the the the or to the Then the to the through the of If chose that generally, consistently, the the Then through that this choose that consistently the every the The head when shows that (the shows the both Press the to head and to operation.
You the EPSON Other and covered warranty. the that with the as Photographic or Archival If to the the the ready to Cartridges of the lights flashing (and INK LOW displayed the the of the light and INK OUT displayed, the empty. You the the following EPSON EPSON Photographic Black T499201 Light T504201 T502201 Light T503201 T501201 T500201 EPSON Black T511201 Light T516201 T514201 Light T515201 T513201 T512201 To EPSON or EPSON You the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please the Then follow these to the of the light that or This the that to and Transporting the
and Transporting the the the cover to release the and the cover. INK COMPART. OPEN appears the the containing the to the INK OUT light). Press the top of the and
Warning If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with Dont that previously. Doing to to the the This and the straight of the the the and from its If Archival the and Transporting the
and Transporting the If cant the smoothly, the the and If the light the correctly. the and then as the with the arrow the and to the of the Then the the Dont force the the back the light off. Then the cover.
Warning to while the To the hand. and Transporting the the If that isnt cleanly, the to replaced. If the to heavy or to You the of the or the the or instructions. You C815131) from EPSON or the EPSON Graphics To the first to the as the following section. the Used the then follow these to the Press the SelecType repeatedly CUTTER REPLACE MENU appears the Press the Item CUT. REPLACE=EXEC. appears the Press the The to the
and the to the or the of the the and OPEN LOWER COVER appears the the cover. REPLACE CUTTER appears the the casing. the the back while the front of the cover off the The
and Transporting the the from the the New the ready to the Follow these the from its the the If necessary, the the the the shown below.
and Transporting the to the the To the as as the or thinners to the to the or Dont or Dont the of the with the or servicer the the back while the front of the cover to the casing. Then release the CLOSE LOWER COVER appears the the cover. The to the right) and READY appears the Cleaning the To its should thoroughly the turned off and the lights the off. Then the and the from the the and the from the Then to or the cover. the and to or the cover. Then the cover. the Then or around the assembly using
and Transporting the If the outer with cloth with the closed to from If the the cover with off with cloth. To the the then with and or the Follow these or the EPSON to years the Photographic or months the information. service from the To should the the and and to the from the Follow the instructions below to the shipment. If the the the its Follow the instructions the Shipment Follow the below to the off the and the head the right) If the back the head to the then off the
and Transporting the that the off the the properly. the following Interface or other Optional Optional the them the and cover closed. the casters the assembly locked, and that the touching the the wing the them
Warning The four people the as shown. the or and the four people the off of the assembly, the located the four corners of the the back of the first, slightly to the front, then back to the while the Transporting It the to the first the the and Assembly and the following Dont to protective (such as from the The first the the head clogged. You to cleaning and the head to the the to the such as within the building or facility, the its casters. Follow these that the cord, interface and and the cover and cover closed.
and Transporting the the and then the Release the front casters and the the to its location. the casters and the The first the the head clogged. You to cleaning and the head to
and Transporting the the years of or should authorized EPSON servicer the This to to the head and and this service covered the terms of the warranty. You the of the through the or through the the The the following the when the MAINTENANCE REQ. You should to service this the capacity, the and the following SERVICE REQ.
and the
Chapter The first thing should the following the this chapter. Then the the fixed. This chapter instructions the following: including clearing Uninstalling and software The EPSON includes of to To the the and lights the through information. If the EPSON and or software or information. To whether the caused the the from and from the instructions. You the to Then the to technical or yourself. the following section instructions. If of the this chapter EPSON as Where To
You the to to or the to technical the and turned off. Then follow these Press and the while the to the HEX DUMP=PRINT appears the Press the to the The the with the and ASCII characters the right If the than bytes, to the to finished using the to the off and Quality You often the following: and cleaning instructions. the head. instructions. options correctly. information, Chapter or If of these the the following
or Colors incorrect or the the software the or the each of the If the appears too as and cleaning instructions. the head, as To choose as the High softwares Advanced the the software the If correctly attached to the instructions. If the The too thick the to thinner instructions. the lights to necessary, as If correctly attached to the instructions. If the and cleaning or software correct. the the software the and cleaning the lights and as The too thick the to thinner instructions. The too the to the from WIDE to AUTO instructions.
appears the the software the or smeared. using the the to and thickness and instructions. the specifications or too If correctly attached to the instructions. If the the path. the of the with cloth. cleaning instructions. the High softwares Advanced The too thin. the to thicker instructions. The too the to the from AUTO to WIDE instructions. and cleaning
To the outlet with the The unexpectedly. The sounds nothing Nothing Turn off the and the interface securely If cant the unexpectedly, or nothing the following: The and the light the The securely thats switch or The interface securely connected to the and The the outlet matches the the rating If turn off the and the immediately. EPSON If of these try the below: If the light the or to the and lights the the light flashing. the and lights the to occurred. Follow the instructions the Follow the instructions to the head. the interface the specifications. or the interface directly connected to the without through switching or If NT try the EPSON Click to and EPSON then EPSON Uninstall Follow the the
Nothing The match the or Click to and Right-click the EPSON or 10000CF then Click the selected the the following Then the to which connected the to the following incorrect or software correctly and the selected. characters. or NT Click to and Right-click the EPSON or 10000CF then Click the and selected. The enough memory (Macintosh). To increase the memory from the Apple and the Memory You increase the of memory to increase memory. Follow the to software. Then software CD-ROM and the software. If what expected, try the below: If NT the EPSON Click to and EPSON then EPSON Uninstall Follow the the Clear from or Turn off the and the interface securely both
(continued) incorrect Check the or they within the inverted. Turn off the software. (Macintosh) or this instructions. printed. software correctly and the selected. the head as appears to The of The the the or smeared. the other software correctly and the selected. only. The to feed the software the incorrectly. Follow the instructions Chapter or to the The ROLL MARG the incorrect. If the ROLL MARG the SelecType information. the software the the Source software correct. the software the using the the to and thickness. instructions. The incorrect. the to the from AUTO to WIDE. instructions. selected software. Press the the to clear the Then and the to the
(continued) The Follow the instructions to the too Choose software The too thick to with the built-in the with or the optional The ejecting properly. the light the Press the Source necessary, and then the Cut/Eject Clear or Dont too the Turn off memory. RAM to If off background If to using background EPSON and increase its memory If and ECP or Enhanced and/or DMA them to and information. If or frequently, or of the following the with the of the the back to the information. If of thats the with the information. the that correctly. Follow the instructions follow the instructions to the correctly. the or
If too tightly and feed of the the three the as shown below: the only and feed properly. the the within the and the too thick or too thin. and A-4 specifications. the the isnt located brightly The to correctly. the and Source the software correct. the the or information. If EPSON and thickness. information.
If the front of the the they the front of the If the below the the that they the back of the
To the the while the or light flashing. Clearing the and PAPER JAM the Follow these to clear If the cover and slightly the insertion the to release the the cover necessary.
If of the that with the information. the TURN PWR OFF AND ON displayed the the cover, necessary, then the to the off. Press to back the light and LOAD PAPER displayed the Then Uninstalling and the Software If to and then the software reason, follow the instructions the section below. software CD-ROM. Then the CD-ROM to necessary. Double-click of the following icons: Photographic the Photographic EPSON Archival the Archival
Double-click the Click the On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall Then the Uninstall the and follow the on-screen instructions. Then follow the instructions to software. then the Double-click Double-click Click EPSON Software the then Click the Change/Remove and follow the on-screen instructions. If the USB or EPSON USB Devices the then the Then follow the instructions to software.
A: Specifications Color: each yellow, light light Printable Character characters inch, graphics /hour inches 44-inch Acoustic Approximately based ISO B0 coverage head years based Approximately B0+ sheets (EPSON to thick) B0+ RTC Approximately years Bidirectional ESC/P feed Friction milliseconds 1/6-inch or sheets with insertion
A-2 Specifications inch or 1/720-inch RAM 128MB (fixed) Character EPSON characters inch Character PC (US, PC to to to C) to C) month F) (without Mechanical inches inches inches with Friction or sheets with insertion to RH to RH to RH A-2 to to C) hours F)
to to Rated to to to to Rated (ISO or This IT with phase to phase V. the the back of the information. The to its The input and cleared. The to the Software when the ESC@ the received: The cleared. The to the the the seconds or The head capped. the ejected. The input and cleared. The to the UL CSA EMC FCC B, A, CSA C108.8 A-3 Specifications A-3
A-4 Specifications B0 to to B0 A0 A0 US B1 to to A1 US A1 B2 A2 A3/B US C B3 US A3 A4 specifications to to to to the and thicknesses of to to to inches Thickness Thickness A-4
reduce and or other If switch to higher of curled, or Printable and sheets: top and inches You to inches or inches using the instructions. Cartridges Photographic Approx. duty) duty) duty) Approx. duty) Cartridge Photographic years from years from within months F C) A-5 Specifications A-5 sheets
A-6 Specifications to F to C); month F to F to C); month F Transit to F to C); month F, hours F F C); thaws and least hours F C) Height Approximately Capacity often head cleaning and the of the reduced of A-6
Interface IEEE-1284 Synchronization STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector Amphenol or IEEE-1284 Amphenol or Synchronization to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 ECP IEEE-1284 ECP Amphenol or Synchronization to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 A-7 Specifications A-7
A-8 Specifications USB Interface Based Universal Specifications Revision Class Definition 12M NRZI Connector USB Recommended A-8
heavy to to A-5 Cut/Eject life, manually, to service life, A-1 to restoring, Macintosh, to correction, of A-2 DMA to to Drying to ECP A-7 EFI RIP software, specifications, A-3 A-3 ENERGY STAR, reliability, A-1 specifications, A-2 EPSON to to Protection to to to Ethernet interface RIP software, to to Graph to cleaning, front of to to Head Head head), to Height of A-2 EPSON, to High High A-2 ICM A-3
to to to A-1 to to replacing, to instructions, to specifications, A-5 to A-6 light(s), to to software, to software, to Interface, selecting, to Item to options, to options, to Lights, to Loading to to to options, to background to to to ColorSync to options, to to options, to to to to options, to to software, to software, to to to to Margins incorrect, A-5 to Mechanical specifications, A-2 Archival to to Photographic Memory specifications, A-1 SelecType, SelecType to MicroWeave to to Macintosh, to to
Motors, to to from, to to light, to count, to attaching to to creating, to to EPSON, to to to heavy to to to to options, to options, to to A-5 to to from to selecting to specifications, A-4 suction to thickness to life, to to service life, A-1 feed A-1 to to turning off, light, to Source interface connecting to to specifications, A-7 light, to Macintosh, PF feed) to PhotoEnhance4, Photographic Photo-realistic
to A-3 head to to to to cleaning, to service life, A-1 canceling, to to to A-1 to to to cleaning, to to connecting to to A-2 A-3 interface, selecting, to to to to to motors, to to count, interface, EPSON, to to software, to specifications, A-1 to A-3 to A-1 to turning off, A-2 to to characters, inverted memory, nothing to to to feeding, to to to to smeared RAM, Memory to to Index
Macintosh, A-1 RIP software, attaching to to manually, to to A-5 from to Macintosh, specifications, A-4 A-3 instructions, to SelecType Head to to Print, to Smooth Software to to Specifications A-3 A-2 A-3 A-5 to A-6 mechanical, A-2 A-4 interface, A-7 A-5 A-1 to A-3 USB interface, A-8 and to to to to Support, EPSON, to to Technical to A-2 Text/Graph Transporting to
Troubleshooting, to Uninstalling software, to Unit ID USB to interface specifications, A-8 Macintosh, to A-1 White, of A-2 of A-2 advanced to basic to to to to to to to to to software, to software, and to to
interface optional USB interface interface optional interface AC
mounting cover cover
EPSON EPSON Printed USA CPD-12208