rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Concerning of Copyrighted each to and of the copyright when While countries copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright PRINT the PRINT USB DIRECT-PRINT, and the USB DIRECT-PRINT and of Corporation. PhotoEnhance and service of Inc. SD Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, and Memory PRO of Corporation. Card of Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. CPD-22278R1 Copyright Notice
Introduction R380 as the to: memory directly from or phone CDs or basic or photo from This to of these things without turning when to or instructions, the selecting the Please follow these as R380 instructions: Warning: to injury. to to Notes information about R380. hints scanning, and Introduction
the and to and or To the the while. You the lights back and forth. Press to the Introduction Stop Check the CD/DVD PictBridge or Bluetooth
Loading The type of choose affects the the If rough the of of and information. the then the the front cover and the front Loading
the front the (lower) If the front and the to the front Then the front the to the the the right the You to sheets of or to sheets of the fits the arrow the Loading
the the of the too tightly). 6-inch, 7-inch 10-inch information and instructions Loading
You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Bright White inches) S041586 Heavyweight Double-sided Double-sided Loading inches S041934 inches) S041935 inches S041808 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286 inches S041982 inches) S041331 inches S041134 inches) S041141 inches S041467 inches) S041257 inches) S041568 S041727 S041667 S041671 S041809 S041649 S041271
Quality Iron-on Cool inches) S041153 Quality A4 inches) S041106 The of and location. and Prints With photographs from R380 years. The the of photo and longevity when with that properly or with that and lengthen life: or protective to them from atmospheric humidity, and high of with photographs, from sunlight. from high photo or acid-free, archival commonly from stores. the inches) S041062 inches) S041405
From Memory Card The R380 directly from memory of the memory the and ready to You follow the to from USB The and lighting corrected. You manually the brightness and and without using these Compatible Cards and the Card From USB Touching Restoring instructions copying memory and or other or from Bluetooth-enabled on-screen To directly from or PDA From Memory Card
Compatible Cards and You the following of with Top The that the following DCF or JPEG, DOS FAT (FAT or with DCF or to of to DCF the of Top Card CompactFlash Supports Compatible Cards and Card Card Memory Memory Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO SD Card SDHC Card Card* Card* Card* Card*
the Card the turned the memory cover. If the the Otherwise, the the than and force the the the memory light off and that of the then the The memory light flashes and then the memory cover. instructions. to the the memory light flashing, then the straight of its From Memory Card Memory light
the or off the while the memory light flashing; the If connected to or XP, off the or the USB when the memory light flashing; the On Macintosh, the memory the the to the off the or the USB from the memory From USB USB directly from the the turned and there memory its memory If memory the the USB the directly the EXT. I/F the front of the If this or to the to from, then OK You and the as from memory the following sections instructions. From USB
You each photo individually, of or once. memory or USB as Press the Memory Card Press or to and then OK You first photo, with information as shown: To the only, without the information, the Display/Crop To the Display/Crop If to of Press OK to displaying If to or replay the or If photo to OK Then, to the Memory Card and memory the and The and option and choose to Press or to choose and then OK Press or to choose the photo to photo to the If than the From Memory Card
and each photo to Press the and choose If to Press OK to and selections. loaded, then to If to the Stop/Clear the Memory Card You the memory once. the Memory Card button. Press or to choose then OK To of to If than of the Press the and choose then OK loaded, then the to If to the Stop/Clear
from The option the memory that the Memory Card Press or to choose then OK to of Press or to highlight then to appears the the selected. If to selection, each to choose then OK If than of the Then OK To the the selected, or If that to the to Press the and choose then OK Press the to If to the Stop/Clear button. of You to thumbnail of the as the memory already the Press the Memory Card From Memory Card
Press or to choose Sheet then OK Press the and choose then OK Press the to the This the containing the first. If to the Stop/Clear and The and option and from MOV, AVI, and MPG with the of than the expected when the choose the highest The and as the memory already the Press the Memory Card Press or to choose and then OK Press to choose of the following then OK Prints of the select. Prints of of to of Press OK to Press or to the to then OK The the the memory
the and the of memory or the smoothly. While the of the following: the to OK the first the to OK to the the to OK or to or fast-forward the or to or the and the Display/Crop to the chapter of Press the button to of the If than the Press the and choose then OK the turned the Press the to If to the Stop/Clear DPOF If DPOF Format), to and the of to while the memory as the memory containing DPOF as You this From Memory Card
Press OK to DPOF You this Press the and as necessary. instructions. Press the to If to the Stop/Clear Choosing choosing the to choose the type, and as below. Press the Press to choose Press or to the that matches the type of loaded, then OK to the below: Select this this Bright White Iron-on Cool Heavyweight Double-Sided Double-Sided Quality Quality
Press to highlight then to of Press or to choose then OK Press to highlight Press or to of the following then OK Prints rotates the photo to the as necessary. Prints sheet with around the rotates the to the as necessary. Prints photo the top of the ID Prints wallet of only Wallet Prints of of Prints Prints four Prints Prints with the and each photo. and If the off the to Press to highlight Quality, then Press or to or then OK. that when the Quality From Memory Card
Press or to highlight the shown the following then to the of Press or to the option then OK. Select to tone old-fashioned Select B&W to and white. Select PhotoEnhance to the brightness, and of Select On to information. Reduction Brightness this too light or too this to increase the Sharpness this to or the of higher the appear while appear Prints the of the following (Apr.13.2006), (13.Apr.2006), or Info. Select On to and ISO Select On to photo to the the selected. Select to off and white around the Bidirectional Select On to increase the Select to the slowly). slightly expanded and to the of If too of photo off, or Select P.I.M to PRINT or
Touching the and without PhotoEnhance corrects or tones, and scenery. the of too of bright background (backlighting), PhotoEnhance the lighting that the brighter the (This when of the photo with both These apply to selected and They and they reflected the LCD correction to the complexity and of photographs, corrected. Red-Eye If appear to red, them without software or the photo or to then follow these The to the photo. Press the Press to Red-Eye Reduction then Press or to On then OK Press OK then the to or Automatically to turn off necessary. the or to then follow these Press the Press to then From Memory Card
Select from these then OK PhotoEnhance the brightness, and of with that too of bright background PhotoEnhance might to the that the brighter the (The PhotoEnhance lighting when of the with both P.I.M. PRINT or (this option selected when P.I.M. or Select this to P.I.M., or PhotoEnhance. Press OK then the to or This To to the To to the ones, follow the the section. Manually the photo or to then follow these Press the Press or to choose of these then choose old-fashioned or B&W and white Brightness choose Brighter Brightest or choose Higher or Highest Sharpness choose Sharpest or choose Higher Highest or Lowest CD/DVD choose or as necessary, then OK. Touching
These them. To to the Press OK then the to or the with and to You the Display/Crop to the of the to This allows to without affecting the to the Display/Crop You around photo. This the that the the the to (or as follows: Press or to the to of the photo. Press the to and of the photo. Press the to and of the photo. Press the to the and To the Press OK You of Press the to the or of Press OK and as Press the to photo. If to the Stop/Clear From Memory Card
slightly expanded and to the of If too of photo off, the as below. Press the Press to choose then If too of off, or (least If white photo, Press OK to to If photo too or to the selected of the cropped. If to with white the of the off to To off or Press the Press or to then Select or On then OK Restoring Follow these to the to the factory Press the Press or to then OK. Press OK to to their factory Cropped to turned to turned off Restoring
From or You directly from or other If or phone PictBridge- or USB DIRECT-PRINT directly to and If PDA, or other to the and them wirelessly. the optional Bluetooth wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled PDA, or information, the on-screen From PictBridge or or phone PictBridge or USB DIRECT- PRINT, and and the turned and memory its the type of to enough sheets the of to Press or to PictBridge then OK Press or to as the OK. These them, only to them the first from or To to their From or
the USB that with or phone to the USB EXT. I/F the front of Then the other to the or Turn or One of the following displayed the LCD or to the to and or If with PictBridge or USB Direct Print, the connected used. the of the and of type, and supported. of reflected the You TIFF from memory them directly from From PictBridge or
From If phone or PDA and to the and them directly from phone or PDA. the the type of to Press to the Press or to PictBridge then OK Press or to as the OK. These them, to them the first from phone or PDA. To to their phone than inches from the the or the and You to (the MB), including that printed. You to or light of the The with IrDA Specifications, The bits/second. From or than inches
CDs and includes that directly CDs or DVDswithout You the CD software that with to text and with of effects. instructions CD on-screen only CDs or Thermal-printable and CDs and should with the You directly CDs without and both CDs and CDs with Follow the these sections to CDs and Measuring CDs/DVDs below CD or DVD Memory Card CD or DVD Returning the to the CDs/DVDs CDs or to the of the You then the and outer This the CD/DVD which might caused the non-coated of the CD or DVD. to the and as shown: instructions the CDs and
CD or DVD the or CDs or or scratches the when the If to of CDs or to then and the to satisfactory. the correctly, or the or Turn the and the front cover. CD or DVD when the turned and or the front then the to the to the CD/DVD the when the and the when the CDs and
the CD or DVD the CD with the white or the the the CD the the front the CD the arrows the Dont the too the arrows exactly. Follow the instructions the section to CD or DVD from memory If to text and with of effects, the CD software on-screen instructions. CD or DVD
Memory Card CD or DVD CD or DVD as Press the CD/DVD Press the Press or to the following: CD/DVD selected. CD/DVD selected. CD/DVD selected. choose from the following layouts: One photo the CD/DVD. the CD/DVD, with each the CD/DVD, the CD/DVD, If to the CD and the other as necessary. information, finished selecting OK Press or to choose photo, then the button. layouts, this each to If enough the chosen, CD CDs and
Press to CD or DVD. If to the Stop/Clear finished the CD/DVD from the To the to the the CD or DVD To allow the to least hours the or from and sunlight. the If photo the CD or DVD, to the Press to the Press or to CD/DVD then OK Press to the Press or to the to Then OK Press OK to and to the The this turned off, to the once batch of CDs or Memory Card CD or DVD
Returning the to the the to the to the the front CDs and
You or of and with and to CD or DVD If choose to to the If than printed. the CD/DVD and the front to the as Press the CD/DVD Press the Press or to the following: CD the the type of loaded. CD to photo, or CD Index to Select other as necessary, then OK Press and and the to photo(s). You to If than enough of loaded. Press the to If to the Stop/Clear
From This section the photo or or instructions the on-screen software and connected the to as the to the right and the type the information.) Follow the instructions these (below) From Selecting the Correct the or the and You this Select EPSON R380 From Click to software
EPSON R380 selected, then the Preferences or (If or Then Preferences or the On the the Click choosing Select Select choose the the information about the or Select the type of (choose or Select Click options
the Advanced Then the following as necessary: Select Quality as Select as necessary the highest selected RPM from the option (as shown RPM information about advanced or instructions them as them or If to the the and as necessary. From Select (To choose ICM first) Click to this Advanced screen each
Click OK to then OK or to This appears and shows the of Click to or Click to From If OS follow the below to the photo or the and the following choose with the Sheet option the US or Click OK to the Click to Select R380 Select Select or From
the and You this Choose from the and the following as necessary: information about the button. choose these other options from the the of or options. OS or only): as PDF OS the PDF instead. to options, such as From Select R380 Select Select or Grayscale higher or Select
OS only): cover or ColorSync or ColorSync or the the or off the software. reduce or the Summary: of Click the Advanced to the highest selected RPM from the Quality RPM information advanced Click To the of the when appears the the of If using OS click the instead, then R380 the Quality and other options as From
You this: Select the finished, the or Selecting the Correct Select the or software: Select this or this Bright White Iron-on Cool From Bright White
Select this or this Heavyweight Double-Sided Double-Sided Quality Quality Envelope Selecting the Correct
You back memory to or to USB such as memory (thumb) Once backed to them from the and instructions copying to the on-screen To to USB flash or other such as CD-R/RW or the of information, as If the connected to the USB or off the turned and the memory containing instructions memory If memory or directly the EXT. I/F USB the front of the If CD or USB from to the EXT. I/F USB Then CD or the
Press the Press or to Memory Card then OK Press OK to the shown below the right: Press OK to confirm, then OK to copying the memory to connected there this You back to the or CD the or they The first the and the the backed USB the to the numbered the to of the
If or expended, follow the instructions this chapter Checking the Head below) Cleaning the Head the Head Cartridges Checking the Head If or light or through them, of the the head clogged. Follow the below to the head the turned and the (If to cleaning the head; to or to Press the Press or to then OK highlighted, then OK Press the The head to cleaned: head to cleaned:
If there the the head to cleaned. Press OK to to the If there the the head as below. You the with software when connected to on-screen Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or light or to the head. This the they properly. as to the head cleaning. head cleaning clean only and the that the head to cleaned. turned and the (If to cleaning the head; to or to sheets of Press the Press or to then OK Press to Head Cleaning then OK Press the to cleaning the head. The head cleaning and appears the LCD Cleaning seconds. off the while head cleaning or cleaning finishes, the The the Cleaning the Head
If there the OK to to the If there the to clean the head If cleaning four or You the off and least hours or overnight. This Then cleaning the head If to least once month to the Head If or blurry, or that properly the to the head. the front the (lower) and the CD/DVD the and of Press the button. Press or to then OK Press or to Head then OK Press the of printed.
and the that with noticeable or Press then or to the that Press OK Press to the then through OK Cartridges with or the LCD You which or to replaced. than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the Checking Cartridge Press the Press or to Cartridge then OK You showing the of the The as follows: (Yellow), (Black), LC (Light LM (Light C the OK If to or to Cartridge then OK instructions. Press the to to the You expended. Cartridges
Purchasing Cartridges offers each these within months of them and the the Black (T078120) (T078220) (T078320) (T078420) Light (T078520) Light (T078620) High-Capacity Black (T077120) High-Capacity (T077220) High-Capacity (T077320) High-Capacity (T077420) High-Capacity Light (T077520) High-Capacity Light (T077620) You of (If the high www.epson.com/highcapacity (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Removing and Cartridges Once the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the obtained or the the head To and them. Other products to covered warranty. the turned the CD and the front the (lower) If expended, the LCD which cartridge(s) to Press OK If the LCD displays when or Press then OK Press or to Cartridge then OK the cover, then the cover. to the cover while the head the to the Cartridges
the the back of the and straight of the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the from the to the the of the when from the immediately the If the promptly, the head and to the the of the This the
the yellow from the of the You the yellow from the otherwise, or to If without the yellow the of the the and then the from the of the otherwise, the become or tear the the otherwise, the the and clicks other that to replaced. Cartridges
the cover and clicks the cover, then the OK The charging This about off the while charging or You with expended, the other the The with IC that the amount of each Cartridges they and each however, the their reliability. If that which the following operations: head cleaning, self-cleaning when the and charging (when
You and the the LCD and trying the recommended You and troubleshooting or the these LCD (below) and Where To LCD occurred. of the head. Turn off the then the cover and or other Also, of the Then the back If this as the saturated. to the correctly. The too to Bluetooth with Bluetooth. as
The the the printed. the This when the properly. the memory correctly. If USB the correctly. the memory the memory or or correctly. If to whether there with the or occurred while Retry the If the formatting. there with memory or to whether there with the or then try occurred while the memory or head cleaning cleaning the head If the as XXXXXXXX memory or and occurred and of the and as
and the below The first the charge its head about charging finishes (when the off the or charge improperly and the Turn off the then the completely and the closed completely. the then the back If the turned and the to the Then the the to If the they JPEG or TIFF and with If the to back USB the the numbered the first and the right with the its Dont the arrow the the the If of off, using the to to or information. and
If feed, from the through the to the Then the the right and the the too tightly). too once to of or sheets of information. If follow these to clear the Press the to the If the ejected, to the If the the or front If the the the On to off. the cover and including torn however; this the the cover, then the back
Quality If with the or these the or the the whiter, or isnt or curled. with or sheets from the as they printed. the type of matches the and type the or software the and the to the then the front If CDs or the then the to the CD/DVD If light or or they too to the head. This the they properly. as to the head cleaning. Then the head as If to the head. instructions. The or instructions If and or turning off PhotoEnhance. that correction to the complexity and of photographs, corrected. and
Where To Technical these technical services: and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product R380) Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase and operating of the Then U.S.: AM to PM AM to PM AM to PM or charges apply. Purchase and Accessories You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca ArcSoft AM to PM and www.arcsoft.com,
Notices Instructions using and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the only the type of indicated the the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the where the easily the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the or cover the or through the the back of the least inches from the the or heating or sunlight. the that its It operate properly or the as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. or the its or otherwise from the Notices
Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or immediately Leaving the head and the from If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding The IC this of related-information such as the that the and freely. each the the LCD Screen Instructions cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD as If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B411A Notices
Inc., Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the Notices
to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write to: Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Index Accessories, quality, to head, to ArcSoft PhotoImpression, to Black White, Brightness, C to from, to with without Cartridges, replacing, to CD CD-R/RW to CDs to to Cleaning head, to turning off, Contrast, to by, Declaration of Conformity, from, to Display/Crop DPOF, CDs Enhancing to CD, Print, Index
FCC to CD/DVD replacing, to instructions, CD/DVD, to memory to IrDA CD/DVD, to selecting, LCD screen to instructions, Loading to from, to to Memory compatibility, to from, to Memory Card to from, to to feeding to types, and to PDA to from, to PhotoEnhance, PhotoImpression,
to to to to to and to PictBridge, head to cleaning, to to CD/DVD from to from memory to from PDA, to to CDs and to to selecting to and option, with to to feeding, quality, Quality to instructions, to Saturation, to instructions, Sharpness, to Software ArcSoft PhotoImpression, CD, Stop/Clear Technical Touching to Troubleshooting, to
USB from, USB to Warranty, to to with, to to Index