rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and copying and of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as as people each user to and of the copyright when using and MicroWeave, and PRINT Matching and UltraChrome and UltraChrome of Corporation. PhotoEnhance and PhotoCenter, SoundAdvice, and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Inc. CPD-17409R2 Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Notice
R800 fast, photo-quality, of and from these advanced features: individually-replaceable to inch). pigment-based, UltraChrome and they from as as and highlights. Black and Black of without switching photo such as and Direct the of CDs and of or head cleaning and and it and easily. through the USB and IEEE To the highest USB USB or to the with USB
PRINT and R800 these to the photo PRINT Matching (both P.I.M. and P.I.M. II) About PRINT revolutionary PRINT Matching (P.I.M.) and together to the that PRINT include Olympus, Ricoh, and with or www.printimagematching.com to PRINT included with With PRINT the options each These options sharpness, and and reduction highlight and The this information each JPEG or TIFF with the P.I.M. II Photoshop (included with the information to the reproduction. include PRINT Matching R800 without the
About The (Exchangeable includes information about JPEG/TIFF and them to information such as flash, and and the JPEG/TIFF with the P.I.M. II Photoshopuses the information to the reproduction. About Software CD-ROM includes the software the instructions. and You cant without Its to to Download instructions software includes these P.I.M. II Photoshop PRINT P.I.M. II, and when JPEG or TIFF from (Compatible with Photoshop and CS, and Photoshop and CD directly CDs and PhotoCenter photo-sharing where and high-resolution straight from the and free postcards. software to PhotoCenter SM
About To and its software, the This information, warranty, and instructions the on-screen Reference Loading of with or CDs and the Please follow these throughout: to injury. to to Notes information about hints about and instructions and technical specifications, Reference as the section.
the On-screen Reference Follow the instructions the to the on-screen Reference already. You browsersuch as Microsoft or or or or 1.0to the If using the correctly. Double-click the SPR800 Reference Click topic the to the of Click the topic to Click right arrows to then topic. Click to to Click to to topic If graphic when Reference the to the graphic.
and Lights The below the of the and lights. the instructions using the buttons. To indicated the lights, buttons the and off. the the light or off. or the head to the and the and to its Prints and to the lights Light On: turned On: of the or the CD/DVD On: empty. Welcome! or multiple-sheet-feed while Cleans the head. the three seconds when the light off. to the of the when seconds. or charging cleaning the head, or the or the CD/DVD the of isnt the currently selected path, or the cover or the cover
Loading You of as these Loading the below Loading Loading instructions CDs or the CD/DVD Loading the the the If hand the top of the the and ease the the and the the the and the right of the the to lightly the follow the the
the following as the first, landscape-oriented the Its usually whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the Loading as follows: type Loading capacity Enhanced Heavyweight Quality sheets Bright White sheets Scrapbook Quality Quality Cards If the corner, the the as shown the instructions. Loading
Loading You to as below. each or the and the the and its the the first as shown, with the and the the the the Choose these software: as the or (Macintosh) The as the or (Macintosh) as the OS X), or OS to instructions. If smeared or other thick the Thick and software. instructions. Loading
Loading You 4-inch and 8.3-inch or with or without Its to and and If to with loaded, should the or appear Turn the and the the top of the the the the the the the as shown, then the and protective from the of the the of the straight across, with corners. If the feeding the If the the backwards of to touching the of the Loading
the with the with Then the other the the right. the of the the then the right to lightly the Dont Dont the the the the as as the the automatically. To that the straight, the and the If the crooked, the three seconds to back the the Then the to the Press the to clear the through to the Follow the instructions to If crooked, three seconds Loading
Loading
From to Follow the these sections to features: With OS X With OS to Selecting the Correct To or sheets, or to P.I.M. or color-managed the right the and and UltraChrome Choose the right the the type of selected, the loaded.
Follow these to or using the From the You this EPSON R800 selected. Click the or Preferences (If or first.) Click the the to Select the type of Select Select type Select Select or From to Click to software Select options
Select of these as the Quality Option rough with reduced Text text-only with Text with text and with higher and graphics with and or graphics with high Select the as the Source or the the top of the the the back of the CDs or the CD/DVD Select the type of as the without types, the Select the of as the the or to as the Select or Select other options to the PhotoEnhance the and of low-resolution (affects types. to the to the Prints last-page-first to the of or the information about the or the Advanced the of the and From to
Click OK You to the Click OK or to this appears. to or and Dont or to when the of This to and If finishes or to If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution Selecting the You apply only to the currently If the Right-click the the right of You the shown Select the applications, then OK You the necessary. From to Click to Click to or
On the the Advanced the right corner. Click The to the Advanced If to the Advanced each the this first The Advanced include the options as the these: selected type, including RPM the highest types. this High allowing back and forth the instead of MicroWeave the high Edge Smoothing Prints low-resolution such as From to
the Brightness, Contrast, Saturation, and ICM to match If using such as Photoshop, ICM then To with Photoshop, with Profiles the the Once finished selecting advanced Click OK to to the and Click the to to the Click the and with to options. Select the following as necessary: Select or options Select or options these only to information or instructions them as them the or Click OK to to the and From to Select options and the of
With OS If OS follow the below to or the (If follow the instead.) to as the From the the Format and and optional CD/DVD Select the of as the the selected matches the and within the choose than or than length. Select the or to as the facing right, or facing Click OK Select from the Format Select Select or From to
Select from the You this: the and the and chose the the as the Format option the and the option the If the Select from the pull-down You basic Select the type of as the From to Select the as the Click and Select type Select the Select Select Quality or
the and and white photographs) or Black text Select as the the basic or instructions Advanced the to the Quality to or using higher quality, or to the information about The OS of the with the OS to this You choose these options the to the of or to options to as PDF Option option selected as the to to ColorSync, the the or off the software selected as the to the to smearing when thick or Summary to of selections Click Dont or to when the of This to and If finishes or to If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution From to
when To the of the appears the Then R800 You this the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to If listed, then the Priority arrow as to the finished, From to
With OS to Follow the below to or the selected the Chooser as the From the You this: Select the of as the using the selected matches the and within the choose than sheet or than length. Select the as the Source or the the top of the the the back of the CDs or the CD/DVD without the types). SP R800 Select Select Select the of or From to
Select the or to as the Select or Click OK to the From the You this: the type of as the the and and white photographs) or Black text Select as the the or Select PhotoEnhance to the and of low-resolution the to the Quality to or higher quality, or to the information about the You the following: Click to options or Click to background Click then to Click to Click to Click From to Select type Select or Black Select Select Quality or
Dont or to when the of This to and If finishes or to If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution If turned background EPSON from the Application the right of the You this Select then Click to to If background and to the and the From the To advanced of the following: OS Click Advanced OS to Click Custom then Advanced From to
You the advanced OS to the basic these advanced Quality specify selected type, including RPM the highest types. this High allowing back and forth the instead of the the high this Edge Smoothing Prints low-resolution such as OS to only). types. Thick and If smeared thick or this and From to OS to
To options, of the following: OS Select from the OS to Select option the right of the Select options as follows: the Brightness, Contrast, Saturation, and PhotoEnhance4 the and of low-resolution (affects only ColorSync ColorSync to match (If using such as Photoshop, instead.) off such as Photoshop instead. To with when Photoshop, with Profiles the the information advanced or instructions them as them (OS X) or (OS to OS X: Click OS to Click OK to then From to
Selecting the Correct Select the or what of and the coverage accordingly. or other or sheets Bright White Quality Quality Cards Quality Enhanced Enhanced Heavyweight Scrapbook CDs or CD/DVD CDs or with CD/DVD From to Quality Heavyweight
to the R800 features, follow the instructions these below PRINT Matching with Profiles as Then follow the the sections to and and Dont or to when the of This to and If finishes or to If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution
Selecting Follow the of these sections to below OS X to and as necessary. the then or Preferences Select the type of as the option: If without the Select the as the If photo, from the and the of photo. the of or inches the of the loaded. the to software. Dont of these when PhotoEnhance, or or Source). Choose as the Source The
Select the based the type of then OK of with or 8.27-inch with or Click OK Click OK or Follow the to OS photo and as necessary. Click Select of the following as the Format R800(Roll R800(Roll R800(Roll (If without the or option. the option.) checkbox or Select R800 the of the photo
Select the photo as the If the pull-down Custom and the of photo. the of or inches the of the loaded. the to software. Click OK to the Click to the the the that chose the the as the Format option the and the option the If the Select from the pull-down Select the type of as the option: Select the
the to the Quality Select Option from the pull-down You these Select the based the type of of (only with or 8.27-inch with or selected Sheet finished, Follow the to to photo and as necessary. Click Select the photo as the If photo, the and the of photo. the width of or inches the of the loaded. the to software. option Option Selected or
Choose as the Source If without the Select the Option based the type of of (only with or 8.27-inch with or Click OK to the Click to the Select the type of as the option: the to the Quality Click checkbox or
Printed Press the once to feed the the the If to another the once the to the Follow the the section finished and Press the three seconds. The backwards of the (If the this Turn the to the of the the Then the to off the light. the off of the and the from the to its resealable or glass-covered both and from high humidity, and sunlight.
PRINT With PRINT instructions might include commands sharpness and clarity, while might focusing and tones. If PRINT Matching (P.I.M. or P.I.M II), this when with the P.I.M. II Photoshop. the P.I.M. II Photoshop The P.I.M. II Photoshop allows to the P.I.M. or when JPEG or TIFF from P.I.M.- or The P.I.M. II with Photoshop and CS, and Photoshop and to the ICC that with the or the (Macintosh). Photoshop the PRINT Matching or information the header when P.I.M. or Instead, that information the and EPSON RGB This the P.I.M. and You with layers, with and selective to the P.I.M. while P.I.M. from (such as Contrast, Color, Also, to Photoshop another software as P.I.M. You to to of P.I.M. information other instructions the P.I.M. II the P.I.M. II
You with the the to the of the Although and without trimming, these and Heavyweight Dont or to when the of This to and If finishes or to If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution Follow the operating these sections to below OS X to and the and then or Preferences
Select or as the Quality Option. Choose as the Source Select the type of as the Heavyweight Click the If to the amount of the and the Select as the Select or as the Click OK Click OK or
OS and Click Select R800(Sheet as the Format Select the of the as the of the or or Select of the or as the Click OK Click the the that chose the R800(Sheet Select the Select the of the
the as the Format option the and the option the If the Select from the pull-down Select the type of as the option: Heavyweight the to the Quality If to the amount of necessary from the pull-down and the Click
to and Click Select the of the as the Select Sheet as the Source Click the Select or as the If to the amount of the and the Click OK Click the type of as the Heavyweight the to the Quality Click
with Profiles Follow the this section to with Photoshop (the instructions cover Photoshop You to profile-building software to such as or GretagMacbeth follow the instructions these sections the With Custom Profile Creating Custom With Profile To follow the the section operating below. OS Photoshop. Select from the Photoshop Select U.S. from the pull-down This RGB as the RGB and activates and Click OK
the to If the shown below, the (instead of the option and OK It to the If the shown below, Assign RGB: RGB and OK appears, the and as If they Assign Profile Select of the following as the Profile RGB such as ColorMatch RGB or IEC61966-2.1 the the of choice the Assigning to the the the of the software and appears and This the to the and
Selecting with You this Click the to the and as necessary, then OK Click More then Additional options appear: and the the the Relative If instead. This reduces the that the within the Select the Black checkbox.
Color-Managed Click the Select from the Select from the pull-down Select the the the Click the Advanced Turn off the High and Edge Smoothing options, they Select from the Select that If the apply correction to the Click to photo. IMPORTANT! Select
Photoshop. Select Select U.S. from the pull-down This RGB as the RGB and activates warning and Then OK the to If the shown below, the (instead of the option and OK It to the If the shown below, Assign RGB: RGB and OK
appears, the and as displayed If they Assign Profile Select of the following as the Profile RGB such as ColorMatch RGB or IEC61966-2.1 the the of choice the to the the the of the software and appears and This the to the and Selecting Select Click the button. the selected, then OK
Select the of as the Select the of Click OK Select with Click More then from the pull-down Additional options appear: and the the the If instead. This reduces the that the within the Select the Black Compensation
Color-Managed Click the selected, and the Select the or as the Quality Option. Select the the the Click the Advanced Turn off the High and Edge Smoothing they Click the ICM Click the that (N o If the apply correction to the Click OK Click OK to IMPORTANT! Select ICM, then
If selected the of and these If than expected and turned off both Photoshop and the to the with instructions Photoshop OSX) or the Source option to RGB selected the the Profile pull-down If than expected and turned both Photoshop and the to the instructions OS X) or to the Advanced or to turn off Custom Profile Follow the this section to and each type to ready to the follow the operating below. OS Photoshop and the profile-building software If as Select with the the More then choose the
Select as Source as the Profile Click the Select from the Format pull-down Select the and then OK Click the button. Select from the then from the pull-down
Select the the Click the Advanced as the Quality though or higher Turn off the High and Edge Smoothing they Select from the pull-down Click Click to these to each type to IMPORTANT! Select
Photoshop and the If as Select with the the More then choose the Select as Source as the Profile Click the Click the button. Select or as the Quality Option. Select the the the Click the Advanced Turn off the High and Edge Smoothing they
Click the ICM Click the button. Click OK Click OK to these to each type to Creating Custom Profile If creating follow the instructions with profile-building software (such as or GretagMacbeth to the printed. Once the to the as recommended Microsoft or IMPORTANT! Select ICM, then
CDs and includes that graphics, and directly CD or DVD. The CD software easy to and with of effects. You both and CDs. CDs or thermal-printable or CDs or You CDs and with from or such as www.pcmall.com, www.warehouse.com, www.macconnection.com, and www.pcconnection.com. Follow the these sections to CDs or Cleaning the CD or DVD CDs and the the
Cleaning the CDs or to the the You this feeding and of the the If the as shown below, then hand the top of the and ease the the the output the and the Turn the and sheets of Press the to feed the Press the to the and to completely the CDs and
CD or DVD the or CDs or or scratches the when burn the If to of CDs or to then and the to satisfactory. If to the or CD or DVD, the or the Turn the CD or DVD, the turned the correctly. from the then the and the the output the the as shown below, then the top of the and the the the CDs and
the CD or DVD the CD with the white or To CD the CD the first, then the CD the the CD when CDs and that the CD and the otherwise the the the the the the the and the to each other, as shown below. Press the to the CD or DVD It when the flashing. Follow the instructions the section to CD or DVD. CDs and this with CDs the arrows to each other
CDs and You CD to and with and CD. Click or EPSON CD EPSON CD OS the Applications then the EPSON CD and EPSON CD OS to the EPSON CD and EPSON CD Click the or background You the following: To background of the following: Click the then to the where and OK You of the the Select and OK Click Select Background the where the and chosen background, Click Select to choose background. CDs and
To the template or background the or background necessary. You the brightness, and or apply or effects, as follows: Click the then the OK of the features. Then OK To of the following: Click the text the to apply formatting and effects, and OK (To the of Click the text the Text type then of the options the to You options the and To of the text the then the or Then the other that appear. finished, choose as from the to To of and CD or DVD. the and as follow the instructions CDs and
CD or DVD and created ready to Follow the operating below. Dont or to when the of This to and If finishes or to If the of the of and necessary, the and these selected: EPSON R800 as the as the as the Source CD/DVD as the Click OK the and Click OK The CD and the the CD or DVD To allow the to least hours the or from and sunlight. CDs and
If to the or the or the OS the and Feed) selected as the Format option and the to US Click OK the and Print. Select these Feed) as the from the pull-down CD/DVD as the Click The CD and the the CD or DVD To allow the to least the or from and sunlight. If to the or the or the CDs and
to the and SP R800 appears the top of the and these selected: as the as the Source Click OK the and Print. Select CD/DVD as the Click The CD and the the CD or DVD To allow the to least hours the or from and sunlight. If to the or the or the CDs and
the If and text the to the the included with or CD. You these to the CD or DVD. the (or CD) the CD and the as CD. Select from the Click the selected and the Source to then OK Click the Confirmation Click OK The the or CD and the the or CD and the from the of the to the Top and Right with CDs and Top Right
the and You this: the Top the Height the Right the (Right) Click OK to the OS the (or CD) the CD and the as CD. the and Feed) selected as the Format option and the to US Click OK the and Print. Select these Feed) as the from the pull-down CD/DVD as the CDs and
Select EPSON CD from the pull-down Select Click then OK the The the or CD and the the or CD and the from the of the to the Top and Right with the and You this: Entry checked. Select the Top as the Top and the Right as the Right Click OK to the to the (or CD) the CD and the as CD. CDs and Top Right
the and SP R800 appears the top of the and these selected: as the as the Source Click OK the and Select CD/DVD as the Select Click then OK the The the or CD and the the or CD and the from the of the to the Top and Right with the and You this: Entry checked. Select the Top as the Top and the Right as the Right Click OK to the Top CDs and Right
the If smears CDs or to the or from differently, to the each type of Follow the instructions to and as necessary. You the Brightness and CD to instructions. CD or DVD as CD. Select from the Click the selected and the Source to then OK Click the Confirmation Click OK the printed, from the the and the Correction to or as necessary. You three each location. the and the Then the and OK to the If third to the Third the CD or DVD and least hours. Then the CDs and
OS CD or DVD as CD. the and Feed) selected as the Format option and the to US Click OK the and Print. Select these Feed) as the from the pull-down CD/DVD as the Select EPSON CD from the pull-down Click Click the printed, from the Select EPSON CD from the the and the Correction to or as necessary. You three each location. the and the to Then and the to the If to third to the Third the CD or DVD and least hours. Then the CDs and
to CD or DVD as CD. the and SP R800 appears the top of the and these selected: as the as the Source Click OK the and Print. Select CD/DVD as the Click the Click the printed, from the the and lighter or Correction as necessary. You three each location. the and the to Then and the to the If to third to the Third the CD or DVD and least hours. Then the CDs and
Follow the instructions this chapter to its and to necessary: Cleaning the Head below Cartridge the Head Cleaning the Transporting the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or or to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning it only least once month to This section to the head the and Cleaning and the Head Cleaning You the head holding the the three seconds (when the light off).
Automatically Checking and Cleaning the Head The and Cleaning that the then reads to If cleaning the cleans the head. the turned and the light off. (If the light flashing or to of the sheet of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R800 OK and and Cleaning OS to Choose or Click the then and Cleaning Follow the instructions the The and the shown below. If cleaning necessary, then cleans the head and and another The and to If head displays on-screen to manually clean the head. Follow the instructions to clean the head, necessary. If the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head
the Head Cleaning the turned and the light off. (If the light flashing or to of the following: Right-click the the right of Head Cleaning OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R800 the OK and Head Cleaning OS to Choose or Click the then Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about which the and the light flashes. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the light flashing, the Click then or Confirmation then Next (Macintosh). The If the or (as shown below),
If the white or (as shown below), Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the You turn the off and overnightthis allows to then the head Cartridge the light flashes, the light to than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the light off. Dont or to when the of This to and If finishes or attempting to If the of the of and necessary, light
Checking the To supply, of the following: Double-click the the You this: OS Choose Applications EPSON SP R800 EPSON OS to Choose then the You this: Click to information about the Cartridges these within months of them and the the To and them. Other products to covered warranty. T054420 T054320 T054220 Black T054820 Black T054120 T054720 T054920 T054020
or the or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridge Precautions Warning: of the reach of If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with To the the head hand. You empty. the the obtained the the head and Cartridges Once the You whether the light off, flashing, or the turned (the light should flashing). Then the cover. Press the The head and the light flashes. If the light off, the head to the to SM
If the light flashing or (indicating or the head to the the The directly beneath the to replaced. of which Press the If another or empty, the head to the of this too and this If other or empty, the head to the when the the cover.
Press the the back of the of the and of the four or its (Dont unpacked.) the from its Dont touch the board the front of the operation and the its The with the the front of the Press the clicks
If to other through with the cover, then the cover. Press the The charging the The light and lights and the Charging about seconds. finished, the light flashing and and the light off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the Head If or light or to the head. You the and the head or and the yourself. Automatically the Head Turn the of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R800 the OK and Head OS to Choose or Click the then Head
You this: Click the necessary, then OK On the The then and It then and finished, the Manually the Head Turn the of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP R800 the OK and Head OS to Choose or Click the then Head Click the then OK You this as the On the the each that the least noticeable You to or Select each through Then the each the the
If the each to another and this the the Cleaning the To its should Turn off the the cord, and the interface the then to the Clean the of the with cloth. the and closed as the If to of the of the cloth to clean only the shown below: Warning: Dont the or the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or apply or the Dont cleaning included with they the Clean
Transporting the If to the and its or Follow these Turn the and the to the Follow the to the cover and of the each sealable the cover and the button. The light the the right Turn off the and the from the Then the from the the cover and the to the Then the cover. to the the its location. from the then the the and the the and its the the protective that with them. the as the the and as If quality, clean the head the head the to the
to what the of Then these sections and Software Quality CD/DVD Uninstalling and Software Where To Its to to Download instructions
and CD/DVD IEEE and lights cover closed USB
the lights below) or Lights Explanation light flashes The charging or cleaning the head. light or the or the CD/DVD completely. light flashes or the CD/DVD head or trying to or CD/DVD with the loaded. light flashes then follow the to If and the If or the the to the then off and then instructions, instructions or CD/DVD instructions the CD/DVD correctly. If off the and the the cover and or torn Then of the following: Turn the and the off the then the and CD/DVD Gently the CD/DVD and the instructions the CD/DVD correctly. If that to another path, the or CD/DVD.
Lights Explanation light of correctly, or with the light flashes light flashes light light flashes light flashes light flashes light flashes light flashes You to whether from the or other Turn off and then the interface the the then and release the button. to the the light flashes. the ROM and If the the software interface or or software correctly. If the with the and Turn off the the interface and and Follow the to or the correctly. The cover the cover. or the head from to Turn off the the cover, and or torn or Then the back If the or unknown occurred. Turn off the seconds, and If the lights or
and and Software The installation. the charge its head about and finished (the light flashing) off the or the the completely, the cover closed, and the Turn off the then back to clear the or the software. turned and its securely connected both Follow the the and the other including and protectors, and features to OS the instructions. If the SP R800 appear the Chooser, too items the Chooser. items. If with software If using and the USB from the USB correctly. If on-screen Reference instructions selected as the the
the light nothing the interface securely connected both and the as If the software correctly. If as Reference The sounds as though it nothing The head cleaning; instructions. The properly or when or awhile. too the recommended You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the or the Quality/Speed to Turn High and or MicroWeave off, If connected to USB USB USB to USB or
Quality You (light Clean the head; instructions. Select higher and turn off High or Select the or the of the whiter or The replacing; the head as or smeared. isnt curled, or sheet with or the the on-screen Reference and absorption of If as or software, smears, or other the head as Select the Thick and software. Access the from the as follows: Click and and Option Information OS Select from the pull-down OS to Click Custom then Advanced
or Clean the head; instructions. The or Select the or isnt or Dont or to when the of This to and If finishes or to If the of the of and necessary, or high-resolution higher or higher Macintosh, the head as Increase the or software You or selected (Macintosh), when and white photographs. Clean the head; instructions. The or
turning off PhotoEnhance. that the or (Macintosh). exactly match on-screen to as as the Photoshop instructions If or using the or If the the Press the to the then the If when the or too thin. sheets correctly. If or feed, from the the of the them the right of the and the the too tightly. Dont the arrow the the Press the to the If that try the following: Turn off the from the the and the the instructions.)
from the sheet or the and the output the and correctly or the the of the straight If the feed smoothly. If the curled, the of and it backwards the the the the the the and to force the Select as the Source as the Source to or option the R800 as the Format and option OS X). Other feed too If the three seconds to the the necessary). If the light the the as
CD/DVD You cant the CD/DVD easily. Dont force the CD/DVD the turned the the and follow the insertion The CD/DVD when CD/DVD Follow the to the CD/DVD the to the The CD/DVD Gently the and the to off the light. correctly the CD or DVD. You to the CD; The inverted, as Turn off the software or the or (Macintosh) instructions. The selected the or the Chooser or Clean the head; instructions.
You incorrect characters. the interface securely connected both and the selected the or the or Chooser. If switch or USB with the directly to instead. The incorrect. the OS X), or OS to Choose the The within the of the Specifications Reference the right of the with the the correctly or sheets. Too printed. that the option software or incorrect. the and options correctly.
Uninstalling and Software You to and then and operating You to other software or the Reference Click and or to or EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall the EPSON R800 and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. then the to software. OS the Applications then the Select the R800 options, and the then the to software. OS to software CD-ROM. Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM then the EPSON the that The appears. Click On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall Then the Uninstall the and follow the instructions. then the to software.
Where To If with CD, or the P.I.M. II Photoshop, the information below. technical hours through the services and telephone services below: Service Access World From the reach At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. Please the following information ready: Product R800) Product (located the back of the and its of purchase (such as and of purchase and operating of the You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase please www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please of services hours To these services, tone telephone and SoundAdvice this to the R800 SoundAdvice. SM
and Notices To and its software, that has: Microsoft PC with III or higher 128MB 98SE or or 256MB or XP) or of RAM 200MB or of recommended VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD-ROM the software USB Windows-compliant USB 98SE, or XP) or USB (recommended; or XP only) and shielded USB AB IEEE-1394 IEEE-1394 or XP) and IEEE-1394 To and its software, that has: Apple or G3 or higher) or G4 or higher) OS through OS or 256MB or of RAM recommended 200MB or of free recommended VGA or CD-ROM or DVD-ROM the software USB shielded USB AB USB recommended) and
Instructions these instructions to and effectively: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the and from of interference, such as or telephone locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the least inches the back of the and the the or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or or the its or This allow to from the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the off the Dont switch off the or the the light off. or cover the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. and Notices
Cartridge Instructions of the reach of when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with hand the or the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of first them. cool, with the of the facing from allow to least three hours using or from its it from its this or tear the this the or to them. This the head. the IC the front of the This operation and If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding NERGY TAR NERGY TAR that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused and Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 and Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including that operation. of Product: B311A America, Inc. Warranty What Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the and free from workmanship and of year from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely SM and Notices
the and to within of of the or to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of quality, and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and This warranty This warranty cover or of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to and Notices America, Inc. P. O. CA