COVER1.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Notices Introduction and Loading Accessing to Print.................. Memory Card...................... Connecting Directly from Introducing and of of searching Index of With with DPOF the of the LCD Other Creative CD/DVD CD with EPSON Iron-On Cool the and R4CG230 Quality........................ Touching and the or Black and White or to the Preferences the LCD Brightness.............. Restoring to the and Transporting Quality........................ Cleaning the Transporting the Troubleshooting................................. Quality Printout or appear the Not Correctly......... Print........................... Canceling the Feed/Paper function Customer and Specifications Summary of Index................................................... English
R4CG230 NOTICE.fm A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Notices Instructions of the instructions this section Also, to follow and instructions the or cover the and the the type of indicated the the that with this of another fire or shock. AC the or cord. If with the that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the the to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the casing the normally or performance. choosing the the that the of the If the the than the back of the and the The properly or the its or turn from the to and humidity. Also, the from sunlight, light, or heat Notices enough around the to allow the where the easily the to the using memory the memory or off the while the and the memory (when the memory lights flashing.). The memory to type. to to the with memory memory with the to Loading Memory Cards. using LCD The LCD bright or These and that they cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the optional Bluetooth to the Bluetooth the instructions. the of the reach of allow to from or the the this
NOTICE.fm A4 M. CRE Sign-off: when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. or tear the the this the immediately from its If the IC the back of the Doing operation and NERGY TAR NERGY TAR that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused Their and Copyrights and of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON STYLUS of Corporation. R4CG230 PRINT of Corporation. The PRINT Matching of Corporation. USB DIRECT-PRINT of Corporation. The USB DIRECT-PRINT of Corporation. The Bluetooth and the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and of such Corporation Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Apple and of Apple Computer, Inc. of the photo the Software CD- ROM from Copyright rights DPOF of CANON INC., Company, and of Corporation. SD Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, and Memory PRO of Corporation. Card of Co.,Ltd. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights Notices English
R4CG230 INTRO.fm A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Introduction as the to this to: memory from from memory to This to these things without turning when it to or instructions using the with the on-screen the when the software. Please follow these as instructions: Warning: to injury. to to Notes information about Introduction Bluetooth option PDA Prints optional Bluetooth the on-screen Procedure then the to the memory Memory Card Select Select the Press the Memory CD/DVD Loading the and of of
PART.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: and cover Edge R4CG230 CD/DVD USB Memory cover USB Cartridge cover head and English
R4CG230 PART.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: On lights and Lights Function On the and off. Switches Memory Card and Specialty (Lights which selected.) or reduces or the of the the LCD OK the and selects the item to the LCD with the the LCD selected the buttons the Stop/Clear operations or the the LCD when and this three seconds or the the LCD Increases and to the the LCD and options. lights which selected. the items each Summary of With the of the Stop/Clear and the On the buttons with from memory and OK in/out Stop/Clear
LOAD.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Loading Loading the Follow these to the then the the and the the to the of then to the R4CG230 the the right of the with the the of the and fits the the first, the the of the too tightly). A4 and A6 Loading English
R4CG230 LOAD.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: The each type as follows. Loading Capacity Quality Bright White to sheets Paper-Heavyweight One Iron-on Cool enough front of the the to ejected. the first, when landscape-oriented the fits the arrow the the CD/DVD the and the CD/DVD Printouts With photographs from years. The to light when with and the properly displayed or with and life: that or protective to them from atmospheric humidity, and high of with photographs, from high and and of sunlight. recommends that or acid-free, commonly stores. to follow other and instructions included the Loading to to sheets
ACCSS.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Accessing to Memory Card memory that the top of the the right as shown the Loading memory other than those shown the memory or both. type of memory the memory another of memory the memory cover when the memory operation to the memory from electricity. If the memory when the the to malfunction. the Memory Memory PRO and Memory the with Memory Card Press the On to the memory cover. the memory as as the as shown below. the light CompactFlash/ Memory Stick/ Memory PRO/ Memory Memory PRO Memory Stick/ Memory SD Card/ Card/ Card M/ R4CG230 the memory cover. the reads and counts the of memory the light flashing, then the straight of the while the light flashing; Connecting You to the such as MO CD-R or USB flash with USB with Bluetooth the on-screen Not that with USB supported. Customer Connecting memory from the If the from the instead of or the USB from to the EXT I/F USB the front of the memory light Accessing to English
R4CG230 ACCSS.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Turn the and the reads and counts the of to If that memory to that directly to This the memory and without Follow the below to to CD-R, DVD-R, or the of or If about or connecting If that the connected used. the and the memory to back the If CD-R/RW or outlet required. USB from to the EXT I/F USB the front of the Press the the Press the or to highlight then the Press the OK the Starting the OK to the You to follow instructions the the to there this while from the to the the while the the memory the The writing to CD-R and the ISO to the ISO the of memory that or backed to CD-R. The characters that and the CD-R and the Other characters to when to CD-R. Accessing to Directly from PictBridge and USB DIRECT-PRINT connecting directly to the Connecting and from that memory loaded. Turn the and the type of to the to the and Turn the then the and the with USB the to the to to the the the the from the or while connected to the of the reflected the of the specifications. the type of containing DPOF information CD/DVD
BASIC.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Introducing Memory Card the layouts. the Memory Card (The Memory Card light Specialty If the the Memory Card to Memory Card The to The first choose which to You choose to and the the optional information, and Select with or each the memory of Choose of memory Search the they and the thumbnail of the memory memory DPOF of that pre-selected DPOF. This option appears and when selected with DPOF only. with DPOF R4CG230 and The following shows to photo. Press the or to highlight and the first then the OK Press the or to the to You switch the of the or Press the or to choose the of that to and the the and The to You the the OK Press the to Press the or to highlight the first then the OK button. English
R4CG230 BASIC.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Press the or to the of the necessary. the and The to You the the OK Press the to of of Follow the below to choose (or of from memory Press the or to highlight of the first then the OK Press the or to choose the first photo. Then OK The highlighted You switch the of the or Press the or to choose the photo. Then, OK Press the or to the of the the and The to You the the OK Press the to searching If the the and them easily this Press the or to highlight the first then the OK Press the or to highlight the then the to the To clear the the Press the OK Press the or to the You switch the of the or Press the or to the of and You the the OK Press the to of the Correct and Follow the below to thumbnails with the photo and the the
BASIC.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Press the or to highlight the first then the OK Press the the the The this the as follows. A4 You the the OK button. Press the to With If to with specified EPSON follow the below. the includes P.I.F. this appears the LCD On the or selecting the Select the from the and of or Press the or to P.I.F. with then the Press the or to On then the OK Press the OK to the and the OK to the Print. P.I.F. with to On and specified the the R4CG230 with DPOF If DPOF Format), to which and to to choose with DPOF, then memory this This reads memory which DPOF and then the OK this appears, and then the OK and the and The shows the of sheets of the selected The when the DPOF Press the to the of the LCD You the to the LCD the when selecting To back to photo, the It useful to when choose to the of or and Press the or to highlight the first then the OK shows the the memory to or the OK Press the to the Press the OK to English
R4CG230 FUN.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Other Creative Specialty CD/DVD, or with P.I.F. the Specialty (The Specialty light If the Memory Card the Specialty to the Specialty CD/DVD This section information to the LCD to directly CD/DVD, without the of It instructions to the CD/DVD the to the and to the EPSON CD software from to the CD/DVD, the following only CD/DVD as Printable the or with The easily smeared immediately to CD/DVD completely using or touching the allow the CD/DVD to sunlight. the If the CD/DVD or the internal immediately off the Reprinting the CD/DVD the You the of CD/DVD EPSON CD. the to the of the CD/DVD that that the CD/DVD CD, or DVD. Other Creative to CD/DVD the then the CD/DVD the CD/DVD the CD/DVD with the the CD/DVD the CD/DVD the the CD/DVD with the the CD/DVD the CD/DVD that the CD/DVD the both of the CD/DVD the memory containing the to the memory the and Specialty Press the Press the or to CD/DVD then the OK button.
FUN.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Press the to the the and the OK You the following options when CD/DVD. One photo the CD/DVD, the the of the the CD/DVD, with each of the four the CD/DVD, around the outer of the the CD/DVD, around the outer of the Press the or to the to Press the to specify the of each photo selected the or option the To than and to other and the of to them. The of that the of the LCD selecting the or of than the Unused of the If of than CD/DVD, the to CD/DVD and the to another CD/DVD the CD/DVD. You the the OK the and the following section. Press the to that of the CD/DVD, CD/DVD. Allow CDs and to hours. If necessary, the If the If appears the LCD follow the instructions the LCD to clear the the Follow the below to the of the CD or DVD. Press the to the R4CG230 To the of the CD/DVD To the of the CD/DVD then the the You the to and the to of Press the OK to the and to the If the Follow the below to the necessary. Press the to the To the or CD/DVD To the to the or right, CD/DVD Left/Right then the Select the amount to the when the or or when or right. Then the OK You from to Press the OK to the and to the The the it turned off, to the each the CD/DVD function. Other Creative English
R4CG230 FUN.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: CD You CD A4 or Memory Card You to A4 Memory Card Press the Press the or to and then the OK Press the Select the the loaded. Select A4 as the Select or and the OK Press the or to the to Press the or to the of each photo. Press the to with You with this the as the from the memory PIF DESIGNER and EPSON PRINT software the software CD-ROM. the software, the on-screen the memory containing and PRINT (P.I.F. the memory If or the memory and the memory from the and the memory to the PRINT to the memory the EPSON PRINT otherwise the P.I.F. appear the LCD Specialty Press the Other Creative Press the or to P.I.F. then the OK Press the to the P.I.F. to then the OK The to with the selected P.I.F. appear the of the Press the or to the to and then the OK Press the or to the of each Confirm the and of the LCD Press the to You to You Memory Card choosing as the EPSON Specialty Press the
FUN.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Press the or to then the OK Press the or to the to Press the or to the of each You the the OK Press the to If the Follow the below to the necessary. Press the to the To the or To the to the or right, Left/Right then the Select the amount to the when the or or when or right. Then the OK You from to Press the OK to to the then the to The the turned off, to the each R4CG230 EPSON Iron-On Cool You EPSON Iron-On Cool and the You Iron-On Memory Card choosing Iron-on as the EPSON Iron-On Cool Specialty Press the Press the or button to Iron then the OK the the and Press the or to the to Press the or to the of each photo. You the the OK Press the to Other Creative English
R4CG230 MORE.fm A4 M. CRE Sign-off: selecting the to the to the optional where or other optional the and selecting to the and the selected and Press the The optional appear. Press the or to and the Press the or to the from the following that matches the type of loaded, then the OK Press the or to then the Press the or to from the below, then the OK to this Select this Paper-Heavyweight Quality PQIJ Iron-On Cool Iron-on A4 A6
MORE.fm A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Press the or to and the Select of the following then the OK You finished and Prints without With Prints with Prints of without Prints thumbnails with and the the These only when Sheet selected the the following: this the to slightly than the the of the that the of the printed. the top and of the or the smeared when R4CG230 Quality You the of Higher to selecting the of type, and as the Select Quality then the to the Press the or to choose the High or Highest then the OK Press the OK Touching This the and the of without basic of Prints the and printed. The of each to the of to and the of If PRINT Matching or Print, the P.I.M. or to the If PRINT or Print, PhotoEnhance TM to the type of which Prints photo or CD with perforation If too light or too their or the and sharpness. If while P.I.M., Print, or PhotoEnhance turned to These They These when off the or choose of to off the when English
R4CG230 MORE.fm A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Automatically the the to Press the Press the or to highlight Correct then the Select from these then the OK item Function P.I.M. PRINT (this option selected when P.I.M. PhotoEnhance the brightness, and of (this option selected when Select this to P.I.M., or PhotoEnhance. To to the ones, follow the the section. Manually Press the button. Press the or to highlight, Brightness or Sharpness then the as necessary, then the OK and You of photo, the that You choose only photo to Choose the to with the and option. and Press the to photo. You around the the following to the to Press the or to the Press the or to the Press the to the Press the OK to the This or the Stop/Clear the the OK If to other the OK or the the or You the and/or the originally the right of selecting the of type, and as the To the Format then the to the
MORE.fm A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Press the or to choose off the Press the OK To the Format then the to the Press the or to choose off the 12-hour 24-hour Press the OK Format or Format turned the information which the information allowed. These when off the or choose of to the back to when Black and White or You and white or tone without the photo. brownish old-fashioned selecting the of type, and as the Select then the to the Press the or to choose the B&W or then the OK Press the OK R4CG230 to This the of that the of the selected Either the top and or the and right of the the aspect ratio of the and the selected The On. On the the each (without that fits the specified the Margins appear the and right of the photo, the and aspect English
R4CG230 A4 M. CRE Sign-off: the Preferences the LCD Brightness If the LCD to read, the brightness. Press the to the Press the or to then the Press the or to the brightness, then the OK Restoring to to the (such as the effects, or to the other Press the button to the Press the or to to Factory then the Press the OK to the to their Not to their using the Factory function. the You the memory as the the LCD about of inactivity the about the Press the to the Press the or to then the Select Card and the OK the Preferences
INK.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Cartridges Checking the You the supply the right LCD as To the the following: Press the the or to highlight then the You graphic showing the amount of each C LC (Light LM (Light and this displayed. Press the OK to to the once the You empty. Precautions of the instructions this section the Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or immediately. R4CG230 To the the head hand. empty, the other the the obtained the the head IC each the amount of from the and then of its used. However, each the the its reliability. the of Other products that covered warranties, and that the then the cover. the CD/DVD the the that the the LCD and the OK button. The displayed there this the Cartridge then the Next, the OK To which replacing, Checking the supply The to the the head hand, as this the the OK to Cartridges English
R4CG230 INK.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: the from the to the the of the when from the or tear the the otherwise, touch the IC the front of the This the this to the immediately following the of the If the promptly, the head to the cover. the of the that to the of the and of properly. the or to The shows of the the vertically the Then, the clicks Cartridges finished the the cover and the cover. Press the OK The head and charging of the the charging finished, the head to its off the supply to the the displayed. Doing charging of the displayed the LCD the OK If the the head to its the properly. Press the OK and the clicks
MAINT.fm A4 M. CRE Sign-off: and Transporting Quality Cleaning the head If unexpectedly light or or or to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning the least once month to quality. Follow these to the head from the the turned and displayed. If the or displayed, to Press the the or to highlight Head Cleaning then the To cleaning, the button. The and the LCD Cleaning about seconds. off the or the cleaning process. cleaning to the head clean. A4 the then the OK Press the button. The printed. the printed. Each and straight should with the as shown below: If Press to finish. the R4CG230 If there (as shown below), the OK to the head If cleaning three or four the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the head If or to the head. You the head from the or using software. the A4 Quality the whenever the head the and A4 loaded. Press the the or to highlight Head then the Press the to the The following sheet printed. and Transporting English
R4CG230 MAINT.fm A4 M. CRE Sign-off: the each and the patch which printed, with noticeable or Press the then the or to highlight the the to then the OK button. to the and finished, the OK Cleaning the To its should clean Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the then to or from the sheet Clean the of the with cloth. cloth to clean the LCD or cleaners the LCD If the off the shown below using cloth. Clean Warning: the gears the to grease the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and the and or the apply grease to the the head and Transporting the If to its or of To the when the Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the memory from the and the memory cover. from the the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the CD/DVD closed, then the and the the and its the the protective that with them. the as the the the head and If the head the head the to the
TRBLE.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Troubleshooting If with the the LCD You and the the LCD If the the the following and the recommended The the that when this memory or or the memory the memory or or correctly. If to there with the or and the the memory correctly. If USB the correctly. occurred. Please Turn the off and then back If the appears, Service the head You enough to cleaning to head cleaning. the that R4CG230 Quality You (light or that the of the the the Head Cleaning to clear Cleaning the head the Head the head within months their the LCD If the displayed, the the memory or correctly. If to there with the or and the or that the selected the LCD the type of the or that the of the the the Quality the to High or Normal the Bidirectional to Bidirectional the Head Cleaning to clear Cleaning the head the Head the head that the selected the LCD the type of the The or Cartridges You or the Head Cleaning Cleaning the head Troubleshooting English
R4CG230 TRBLE.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: If incorrect or the If the the Cartridges If the the expired. Also, the the with Cartridges that the selected the LCD the type of the using that or smeared. that the the LCD correct. each from the as printed. If (or of beneath the or or allow to with the of with finish. allow the to hours them. the Head Cleaning Cleaning the head the Head the head and the Feed/Paper function If the the this the of the with cloth. Cleaning the Printout the Head Cleaning to clear Cleaning the head Troubleshooting Margins appear or the off the the to the amount of that the thick the Thick to On the This the where the or appear the and the the Feed/Paper function Not Correctly correctly or If feed, from the the the right and the the too tightly). too sheets once the arrow the information. If the to the If the ejected, off the then the cover and the CD/DVD of the including torn then the CD/DVD the back and the to If frequently, the too tightly the of The should the arrow the information and follow the instructions that with You the too the Turn the off and the Then the
TRBLE.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: The CD/DVD when CD/DVD If the CD/DVD when CD/DVD and appears the LCD or follow the instructions the LCD to clear the Not LCD off If the function to On, the On to the Press the On to that the Turn off the and that the securely that outlet and switch or LCD displays warning or If the LCD displays warning or follow the instructions. of and LCD and the light and then The match the outlet Turn off the and immediately. Then, the If the match, DO NOT PLUG YOUR PRINTER BACK IN. head If the Cartridge cover or the head to its the cover and the they R4CG230 Canceling If while to To the Stop/Clear The and or CD/DVD that the immediately. Troubleshooting English
R4CG230 TRBLE.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: the Feed/Paper function of A4 Press the to the Press the or to Feed/Paper then the Press the OK and follow the instructions the LCD to Customer Contacting Customer If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services Warranty information to EPSON Customer They to them the following information: Product (The usually the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with Technical to and the section of EPSON the and other downloadables. Technical with that the troubleshooting information Troubleshooting
SPEC.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: and Bluetooth The optional Bluetooth wireless to from PDAs, and other that Bluetooth wireless without when connected to the Bluetooth C12C824 The the of the which location. the Bluetooth Cartridge Black Light Light offers specially to high-quality S041926 S041943 A4 S041285 S041297 A4 S041332 A4 S041579 R4CG230 A4 S041258, Paper-Heavyweight S041259 A6 S041144 Iron-On Cool A4 S041154 The of location. the information the EPSON Contacting Customer Support Specifications These only operation. T0481 T0482 T0483 T0484 T0485 T0486 Printable of Since the of or type of the to the of or type of of purchasing or S041944 A4 S041927 A5 S041706, S041729, S041730, S041750 yellow, light light A4 A6 distributed Thickness to to inch.) to English
R4CG230 SPEC.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: CD/DVD: reduce and or other If switch to higher of or to C to F) to RH Cartridge Cartridge Within months of the 25C [77F] to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) the of cover to caused the of the the expired. the The the amount of IC the the the IC that empty. About sheets Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) without the to to Rated to Rated A) A) (ISO the the back of the the of Operation: to 35C to 95F) Operation: to RH Compatible Memory Cards Memory Card the information memory or office. Memory Card Format You that the following DCF or JPEG or TIFF with DCF to of to containing characters when directly from memory to (ISO Supports
SPEC.FM A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Devices Connectivity Universal Connector type: USB Recommended length: than Not USB supported. and U.S. UL CSA EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR22 Class Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive EN Class 89/336/EEC EN EN EN Australian EMC AS/NZS CISPR22 Class R4CG230 English
R4CG230 A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Summary of Memory Card On the first to or memory and Select with or each the memory of Choose of memory Search the they and the of the memory memory DPOF of that pre-selected using DPOF. This option appears and only when selected with DPOF. to with DPOF Specialty On the first to or memory CD/DVD Print: CD or DVD. P.I.F. Print: with EPSON Iron EPSON Iron-On Cool Summary of Format with information. Format with information. Choose from High Highest or Quality Normal B&W or Correct Automatically Brightness Manually Sharpness Info. the and ISO information based the information of the This cleared turning off the or interference from and increase the that they when to On to or reduce the to to the when to On. The that the printed. Bidirectional bidirectional both left-to-right and right-to-left. Bidirectional the amount of that the P.I.F. with photo with specified EPSON
A4 M. CRE Sign-off: the below the Feed/Paper or Checking the supply. Cartridge Cleaning the head Head Cleaning the Cleaning head the LCD Brightness Head the head to PictBridge You this with which the USB DIRECT-PRINT or PictBridge Select Select the the Stickers. If the Left/Right CD/DVD the or to CD or DVD. the CD/DVD CD/DVD the CD/DVD. If the CD/DVD Left/Right BT ID when the optional Bluetooth connected to the BT Connectivity to the the Bluetooth the BT Encryption BT PIN BT R4CG230 Thick If this to On to the the and the head. This switched OFF when the turned off. the displayed the LCD This areas. to Factory to Restoring to Clear the memory or the connected to Card to the Screen using the the memory Summary of English
R4CG230 A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Brightness LCD C from, CD/DVD Cleaning head, Contacting EPSON, Contrast, Customer search photo, Print, to connecting, to, Head Cleaning Cartridge replacing, P.I.F. with to Memory Check, P.I.F. with P.I.F. specified PAD, purchasing, Specifications, PictBridge, cleaning, to head cleaning, PRINT Matching with, Saturation, Sharpness, Slideshow, and Technical Transporting
A4 M. CRE Sign-off: USB Direct Print, R4CG230 English
R4CG230 COVER4.fm A4 M. CRE Sign-off:
COVER4.fm A4 M. CRE Sign-off: R4CG230 English
R4CG230 COVER4.fm A4 M. CRE Sign-off: Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX