Option cover Scan and Scan to Copy Reflective DC Option and the Transportation (beneath USB The B12B813372) to or business and them automatically. the on-screen Reference instructions. Edge Specifications Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CCD Effective inches or A4 (reading specified from software) Scanning with to to and with function.) RGB CCD internal and art threshold correction type Interface USB Light White cathode Width: inches Depth: inches Height: Perfection Perfection
Perfection AC to Rated to Rated operating (with TPU) (with TPU) Operation: to F to C) to F to C) Humidity Operation: to (without to Ordinary office or should or light should EMC FCC Class CSA C108.8 Class USB Interface Interface type Specification Revision and of Universal Specification Revision Connector type One B) Transparency Unit DC to Rated Strip: to three to inches AC AC to V, to DC to V, to F to C) Perfection Scanning and Restoring If or the Restoration software to them back to life. EPSON Scan and or Professional the the top of the Select and the the of the Select the Restoration the first. Professional to the of the Restoration the Reference You the Restoration the EPSON the the
EPSON To EPSON the or EPSON when the EPSON this this action then OK using EPSON the Scanning and The Perfection cover built-in (TPU). To or to the reflective from the cover and the the or the You the EPSON Scan to the cover the and the reflective and off of the cover. the connected to the back of the If the with the facing and the should appear the that Perfection Perfection
Perfection the the or the the first, then the the Match the the with the the Negatives Scans the first of the the and the Negatives Scans the of the the and the C the the then the the the top of the the top of the C the thin, both of the to the cover. Perfection To each or as the Scan and or EPSON and Scan and This each or and each ArcSoft PhotoImpression editing, and on-screen Reference and instructions selecting and finished scanning, the the cover. the the cover, then the
Light The light the light Flashing Warming or scanning. Ready to Flashing the connected to and Transporting the the or of to the to the to and the to the the buttons). While the light the If the cover attached, To the lock, the and the to the This the the this the protective and the its restarting and the seconds, then the back Related CPD-17962 Perfection CPD-17964 Perfection Software CD-ROM CPD-17965 Perfection Notices Perfection Reference (HTML) Perfection Perfection
Perfection Perfection