November PM Chapter Optional You purchase these options from or from the EPSON SM or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Transparency Unit The (B813202) allows to inch and To switch and reflective or the reflective that with the instructions the reflective Scanning Reflective There three options the EPSON 1640XL the (B813202), the (B813212), and the IEEE interface (B808342). Optional
November PM Unpacking the Transparency Unit that of the following items included the If items or EPSON or EPSON the United States) or the them when Transparency Unit Transparency Reflective Transparency and
November PM Removing the Screws To screws attached to the to its assembly. You these screws the Turn the the head head) screwdriver to the screws, as shown right. the screws the If screw (the outer while using the the the the the screws, and the the of the to the Transporting the instructions. the Transparency Unit Follow these to the the the turned off. Then the from the the cover the back of the cover and easing the cover the clean and free. Optional
November PM the with the the and the securely. the and that with the the screw the arrow directly towards the of the the the Gently the Transparency Unit Transparency
November PM the to the option ADF/TPU the back of the the attached screws to the If connected the to the instructions. Then the and Chapter instructions. the You the four that with the to of or or and 5-inch the the completely closed and the to the notch the or and to the reflective the when Optional
November PM Loading Follow these to or the and the cover from of the the the through the Transparency Unit L400
November PM the the and with the notch the as shown. the TPU and scanning. If EPSON Scan, the following If of the following the option: Negative or B&W Negative If Professional the option to Transparency and then the option to Negative or B&W Negative Optional
November PM Loading Follow these to the as shown. the of each and the the the the with the notch the as shown. the TPU and If EPSON Scan to the following options: If using as the option. If Professional the option to Transparency and then the option to Transparency Unit
November PM Loading 5-inch Follow these to 5-inch the 5-inch and the cover from of the the the the (smooth) of the and the Then the cover. and the the 5-inch the with the notch the as shown. the TPU and If EPSON Scan, the following If of the following the option: Negative or B&W Negative If Professional the option to Transparency and then the option to Negative or B&W Negative Optional
November PM Loading or Follow these to or the and the cover of the the the the (smooth) of the and the Then the cover. and the the the with the notch the as shown. the TPU and If EPSON Scan, the following If of the following the option: Negative or B&W Negative If using Professional the option to Transparency and then the option to Negative or B&W Negative Transparency Unit
November PM Loading Follow these to the directly the the (smooth) of the If the reflective the the TPU and If using EPSON Scan, the to from the and of the scanned. The the Also, or the to the the clear and clean. Optional
November PM Scanning Reflective To reflective with the the reflective included with the the If theres or the the and the the the the and the Scan To the reflective and of the the Transparency Unit
November PM the Transparency Scanning If the turning the The and the and the of the to scanned. You to with this to the The (B813212) allows to This OCR character scanning, or creating Unpacking the the shown below. If items or EPSON or EPSON the United States) or Screws Screwdriver used) Optional
November PM the the to with this Also, the to around the Follow the below to the turned off and the cover the back of the cover as shown and easing the cover the as shown. the screws that with the ADF the the back of the and them with the screwdriver as shown.
November PM the included with the ADF the the screws with the the ADF and together as shown. The ADF when the the of the screws and them using the screwdriver the to the option ADF/TPU interface. the tightening the screws. Optional
November PM the from the and from the with the ADF. Then the and to the as shown. the the the the right of the There included with the ADF, light and the light the the ADF. If connected the to the sheet instructions. Loading the The ADF to of the following based weight of pounds and thickness of inch or Direction A3, B4, A4, B5, A5, 5.8-inch A4, B5, A5 the ADF, the or areas. or or other attached that the
November PM bound. coating. Follow these to the right the to the right. that the switch the of the ADF with the switch the as shown. of originals Follow these when (top and shorter than the first. (top and than the first. Optional
November PM the If the the to the of Scan If using EPSON Scan, follow these Select Office or Professional the Select ADF as the Source. If to of the the first only. Click the The first ejected. the the then Scan the the the each If they from the top and To both of the EPSON Scan. You manually the and the first of the and the Source option EPSON Scan. to the scanning. If while scanning, first first
November PM Fixing If follow these to clear the ADF cover to where the occurred. If the the cover the and the as shown. to too or the tear, to release cover Optional
November PM If the the cover the right and the as shown. to too or the tear, to the the ADF cover. IEEE Interface Card To the IEEE interface (B808342), OS and higher or OS to 9.X with or PC or and of XP, or the software, or updated, already or IEEE Interface Card Right cover
November PM the Card off the and the and the screws the shield plate to the optional interface and then the the screws to the shield plate Static electricity the IEEE interface To electricity, the the Turn the that the facing and the optional interface the seated the the optional interface the screws and the ready to the to the sheet instructions. Optional