Perfection Perfection Unpack Perfection Perfection The the Perfection the instructions the the Perfection software the Software CD. Click and follow the on-screen instructions. The automatically. OS X: Double-click the CD-ROM the Unlock and Unlock the the USB the Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX the USB the USB and the USB or photo Perfection Perfection the and Dont or creased A2 the and to the the with the facing The the
Unpack Perfection Perfection The the Perfection the instructions the the Perfection software the Software CD. and follow the on-screen instructions. Click The automatically. Double-click the CD-ROM the OS X: Unlock and Unlock the the USB the cover Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX Perfection Perfection and the USB the USB or the USB Perfection Perfection the and Dont or creased A2 the and to the the with the facing The the
Perfection Perfection Scan Press the Select then OK Click Scan EPSON Scan to or to from Double-click the PERF3490P_3590P software Click the or software Technical technical hours through the services and telephone services below: World From the reach Automated Telephone Services To Automated Telephone Services, tone telephone and SoundAdvice to SoundAdvice. To to Customer Service (U.S.) or to to or charges apply. Software Technical ArcSoft PhotoImpression www.arcsoft.com, www.newsoftinc.com, ABBYY www.abbyyusa.com, of Corporation. Perfection and Sound service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-19431 A2
Press the OK Select then Perfection Perfection Scan from Double-click the PERF3490P_3590P software Click the or software Technical technical hours through the services and telephone services below: World From the reach Automated Telephone Services To Automated Telephone Services, tone and SoundAdvice to SoundAdvice. Scan Click To to Customer Service (U.S.) or to to or charges apply. Software Technical ArcSoft www.arcsoft.com, www.newsoftinc.com, ABBYY www.abbyyusa.com, of Corporation. Perfection and Sound service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. CPD-19431 EPSON Scan to or to A2