of These features the what the Follow the to or the Scanning Follow the instructions to If or its software, Copyright and to the this section to the of Scanning Follow the instructions to or of the Follow the to and Technical Specifications technical about and its
of of These the what Scanning with Text
to the to the these sections to the of
the the Follow the to or the Loading
Scanning Scanning Follow the instructions to or using of the Starting Scan the Scanning Starting Scan the Scan Scanning Selecting Instructions Finishing the Scan
Scanning Scanning Follow these instructions to Scanning with Text Scanning to PDF the as Scanning Directly to Converting Scanned Text to LCD Screen
Follow the to and Cleaning the Cleaning the the Light Source Transporting the the Assembly Security
Troubleshooting If or its software, Scanning Scan Quality Uninstalling Scanning Software Where To EPSON Technical ABBYY
Technical Specifications Technical Specifications technical about and its Specifications
Instructions Restrictions Copying these instructions, and follow and instructions the this and the following: to injury. to to Notes information and the operation of this the enough to the the interface to reach easily. or the or the AC or heat or locations to shocks, high or humidity, sunlight, light or or humidity. with the and the AC outlet where the easily the AC the The AC should to and top of the AC and allow the AC or the AC to or to both of the AC cords straight the and the where they the AC the AC that with other fire, shock, or injury. The AC with the with which included. to with other specified. the type of indicated the this to or other with the of the only the both connected the using the as or that switch and off. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the
or to the AC or option as specifically the as they or of shock If to the the or If there the them with of the and the and the AC and servicing to service the following The AC or the or the AC the or the AC or the the or the AC normally or performance. that covered the operating instructions.) the and the AC cleaning. Clean with cloth only. or cleaners. If to the to the AC from the WARNING United States users: The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other with Health Restrictions Copying the following to and of Copying of the following items prohibited government-issued government and Unused postcards, and other official items bearing Government-issued and issued to when copying the following items: monthly Passports, warrants of food Copying these items of copyrighted each user to and of the copyright when EPSON While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright Restriction and You or otherwise to the of software included with this Top
Copyright and Copyright and of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. Microsoft, and SharePoint of Microsoft Corporation. and Photoshop of Incorporated. Apple ColorSync and of Apple Inc. ABBYY and ABBYY and of ABBYY Software House. EMC and ISIS and QuickDriver of EMC Corporation. of Corporation. of International Corporation. EPSON Scan Software based the of the JPEG Group. Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS-IS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Notice: Other and of their respective
Copyright Inc. CPD-37188R1
this the following used. to XP, and XP to Professional, and to Edition, Edition, Edition, Edition, and Edition. XP to XP Edition, XP Professional Edition, and XP Professional. to OS X. OS to OS and
of Scanning with Sheet The to than A4 (A3, B4, and US B), and or with or instructions this Scanning with
of Text the text and increase the Text Scan. instructions using this Text
to the input input cover cover
switch DC USB interface security Top
to the Lights LCD The LCD lights, and four buttons. Lights The lights the right of the LCD LCD light light On Ready to On cover The Lights Flashing information. The off. Flashing or scanning. Flashing occurred. The Lights Flashing information.
The buttons the of the LCD Function Scrolls through the LCD arrow Scrolls through the LCD arrow scanning. scanning. LCD Screen You the action from the LCD Press the arrow buttons to the action. The or the selected action the LCD information, to LCD Screen OS users: the of the action the LCD To the action, the to LCD instructions. arrow and Top Top Top
the Loading Specifications Loading Directly Loading with Loading Cards You the input to the input Specifications to loaded. Specifications The below the of the input You to thickness of inch or that the A4 inches) inches) inches) B5 inches) A5 inches) A6 inches) inches) A8 to to (0.15-inch) thickness (including inches) to to (0.06-inch) thickness only. of with the guaranteed. only that the following specifications. Width: to to inches) Length: to to inches) to to type High-quality with the following directly (without using the to to
The The or The or other attached to these the The The areas. The or bound. The coating. with of these the Loading with information. Loading Directly instructions Loading Directly feed photographs or artwork the directly. or the If these the and the input Then, and the the the input the outward. Top
the first of the input with the facing and the top facing the the the
You the first of software, and with the of the of the otherwise the to the of the To scanning, Starting Scan the Scan instructions. Loading with Top
You with the following using the The The or that the with other that the the and the the top-center of the If the than A4 neatly the with the facing outwards. the the input with the facing and the top facing the If the the the the input with the of the facing and the top facing the the sheet the Then the to the of the To scanning, Starting Scan the Scan instructions. Loading Cards Top
of with the guaranteed. and the input Then, and the the the input the outward. the the input with the facing and the facing the the the Then the to the of the cards, only or business cards, to cards.
or business cards, function To the Scan, Scanning instructions.
Scanning Starting Scan the LCD arrow arrow You selecting of the following functions from the LCD The with the action assigned To assign to the LCD to LCD instructions. OS users: the of the action the LCD To the action, the to LCD instructions. B&W OS X) or Scan to PDF (B&W) Black White The the and them as PDF Scanning to PDF instructions. OS X) or Scan to PDF (Color) The the and them as PDF Scanning to PDF instructions. B&W OS only) Black White The both of the and them as PDF Scanning to PDF instructions. to function OS only) and the to
Scanning Directly to instructions. Scan to PDF The the and them as PDF Scanning to PDF instructions. Scan to PDF the automatically, both of the ADF, and them as PDF Scanning to PDF instructions.
to Scan Scanning This section scanning original(s). Select the or or EPSON Software Click Scan the as necessary, and then Scan Click to using the EPSON Scan The and displayed as the and then as finished the the
the or the as necessary, and then OK Selecting Apply the activates the function to the or The or to the location specified.
Scanning Starting Scan the Scan the EPSON Scan Another Scanning the EPSON Scan You Scan double-clicking the EPSON Scan Double-click the EPSON Scan the the or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan OS X: the Applications and the EPSON Scan The Scan Scanning instructions scanning with Scan. Another Scanning You to with You the Scan, and finished scanning, the and Double-click the the or of the following. Select the or or OS X: the Applications the and the of the following. ABBYY only): Converting Scanned Text instructions. the as the first. If Select Source option, and there first. and XP users: Top
WIA option from the or to the of The Scan Scanning instructions with Scan. Top
Scanning Scanning Scan, the following appears. To follow the below. OS users: The
the first of the input Loading Directly instructions. Scan. Starting Scan the Scan instructions. Select of these as the Source Select this when of Double-Sided this when both of (Single-Sided) Select this when or with or the (Stitch Select this when A3, B4, or US the Scan with then stitched Select the of as the Click the arrow to the and the of Click the arrow to the and Selecting the Scan instructions. Select or Black White as the If or Black White Option as below. Option Option applied. from the from the from the the the the Click to image(s). The the first of then Scan and displays the The then first If necessary, the around the of that to the Creating instructions. other the and Other
You of the selected as of with and apply these to scanning. The Scan the first of top of the of the then the to the with the facing and the top facing the Click Scan If to scanning, the What Finishing the Scan instructions. If while scanning, the
Scanning Selecting the the location, and of the Click the the right of the Scan The appears. If Scan from the appear.
the the which to Click the or or the or If to another the Other then or Choose OS X) and the If to the the Other Specify the that each receives. The of the based the displayed. To the the specify with character Then the of Characters and If once, each Scan The following characters the OS X: Click the arrow to the and as the following the the Format BITMAP including only) and this JPEG which the selected. The JPEG the higher the the the quality. restored, and the each the The TIFF recommended when and retouching required. TIFF where to the You the them. Scan To that PDF that both and (platform To PDF or as PDF or PDF, PICT(*.pct) only) including and this TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. white the type. The the of the these with the Select this option to the selected and location and overwrite previous with the this Select this option the to appear If the to the clicking the Scan
Select this option or the to the where when Scan finishes scanning. Select this option the Confirmation to appear each PDF or The Confirmation includes the and buttons. Click OK
Scanning Instructions Selecting the Scan and the Scan the and Other Selecting the Scan You that higher increase higher than the following to reference the to that to than necessary. What with the to to or only the Print, or to text (OCR) only) Increase amount increase scanning. the increase the to the to To the Selecting the instructions. Selecting the You the
Click the arrow to the and the of inch) which to and the Scan Once selected and and or the of the image(s) displays image(s) their You the and manually. Click Scan image(s) and displays them the Top
To the the to and the the and Other instructions. Creating that appears the of to the Once the the to only when or (Single-Sided) selected as the Source.
You the and its You To The becomes of cross-hairs. the the where to the of and click. the and the cross-hairs the to the of the Then release the You the of the
of the following to the To the the The becomes hand. Click and the to location. To the the or of the The becomes straight or double-arrow. Click and the or to the To the of the to or only, the as the To the of the to the the as the and four of the located the include of the around the the To the the the and Other Once image(s) and the the necessary. Scan offers of sharpness, and other aspects affecting to the or the to To the and other and Other and Other Top
or Black White The below the these Scan Brightness the and This when the to or the the light and of the This only when the to or Unsharp Turn to the of Turn off to This when the to or the that appear areas, such as tones. when or newspaper which include their This when the to or The of appear the Text when text Threshold the which the text and art text OCR This when the to Black White. and the text from the graphics. This when the to Black White. Punch the of punches the Correct the of the and corrects them.
Edge Corrects around the (the of the them with the selected or selected, the type of and other selected. You Scan clicking and the that appears. Scan Top
Scanning Finishing the Scan What If Scan from the EPSON Scan the This the and location of Selecting these Scan scanning. If from image(s) the If Scan scanning, to the Scan and image(s) the finishing the the input and
Scanning Scanning with with or or than A4 (A3, B4, and US B), them the sheets) B12B813431 Follow the below instructions with the The should every or scratched or stained. the sheet the input Loading with instructions. Scan. Starting Scan the Scan instructions. Select (Single-Sided) or Sheet (Stitch as the Source (Single-Sided) Select this when or with or the (Stitch Select this when A3, B4, or US the Scan with then stitched Select and Scanning other the and Other Click Scan The appears. and PDF as necessary. Scanning Scan Click OK Scan Option
Scanning Text the and increase using the Text Scan. Follow the below instructions text The instructions this section scanning to PDF the text Text effective when Converting Scanned Text the first of the input Loading Directly instructions. Scan. Scan the Scan instructions. Source Scanning Click the Text
Click to image(s). The the first of then Scan and displays the The then first If necessary, the around the of that to the Creating instructions. other the and Other the first of top of the of the then the to the with the facing and the top facing the Click Scan The appears. as necessary. Scanning Scan Click OK Scan
Scanning Scanning to PDF Scanning Scan The to to PDF to the B&W or B&W function the LCD then the Scan, PDF with the following features. Scanning PDF You and them PDF security You assign to the PDF Creating searchable PDF only) You PDF with search functionality, that the (This countries.) Specifying the of PDF You the of that included PDF and the to included PDF as PDF created. You ABBYY that with to of these features. If software as the already (ABBYY Scanning Scan to to PDF Scanning Scan the first of the input Loading instructions. Scan. Scan the Scan instructions. Source Scanning Click to image(s). The the first of then Scan and displays the The then first If necessary, the around the of that to the Creating instructions. other the and Other the
the first of top of the of the then the to the with the facing and the top facing the Click Scan The appears. Select PDF as the The Margin, and other displayed below Click You the EPSON PDF To searchable PDF the Text the searchable PDF then from the Text
The searchable PDF function only. The Text when ABBYY If ABBYY country, the Text To assign to the PDF the Security and the
To the of that included PDF the and the Select to
other the EPSON PDF Scan Select the that match and OK You to the other and OK Scan and displays the below.
If the the this appear and Scan Select of the following Click this to the of the first with the and Scan this each finished, and to Click this the the them PDF Then to Click this when ready to and the PDF without them. Then to You the Editing thumbnail of each the the of the Editing to select, and If to include the PDF as they currently to If to the or the the then the If to the or the then the The when selected. further the the Editing Scan or to them. right to them. or or to the to
finished editing OK The PDF or the location selected the and to the Scan Click to Scan. Top
Scanning the as You with connected to would You and reduce, and brightness as the first of the input Loading instructions. of the following to the Copy Utility. Select the or or Software Copy OS X: Select Applications Software Copy and the Copy You the Copy Copy slightly Select from the the top of the Select from the Click the Source the type of original(s) copying, and OK the below Source of containing or text and graphics, such as
Black White and white containing text or and graphics, such as containing text or text and graphics, such as Black White and white containing text or text and graphics, such as Click the the type and of and OK If the the Copy the instructions selecting If to or reduce image(s) as the Copy the reduction, and OK If copying or black-and-white the of and art the Text It when the Source Black White or Black White If to the or of original(s) as the beneath the Brightness Click the arrow the of to the of necessary. ready to and Copy
Scanning Scanning Directly to You and to selecting to E- function the LCD OS only). the first of the input Loading instructions. the to function the LCD Scan and displays the Select the the Application If and to them, choose option Select The the of the displays information about the attaching to the Click OK and selected attached to instructions
Scanning Converting Scanned Text You and the text that with This OCR Character To and OCR, to OCR such as the ABBYY ABBYY included countries. OCR software or the following of or characters Items that from other Text with tightly spaced characters or pitch Text that or Cursive or and than Follow the below to and text ABBYY the first of the input Loading instructions. of the following to ABBYY Select the or or ABBYY ABBYY OS X: Select Applications ABBYY and the ABBYY appears. Click the Scan&Read the top of the Scan OS users: If Scan&Read choose Select from the Scan&Read and OK Then Scan&Read from the Scan&Read to Scan. Select of these as the Source Select this when of Double-Sided Select this when both of (Single-Sided) Select this when or with or the Sheet (Stitch Select this when A3, B4, or US the Scan with then outputs stitched
Select the of as the Click the arrow to the and the of as the Select or Black White as the Click to image(s). The the first of then Scan and displays the The then first If necessary, the around the of that to the Creating instructions. other the and Other the first of top of the of the then the to the with the facing and the top facing the Click Scan scanned, and the ABBYY If the characters text selecting the Text or the Threshold the and Other instructions. Follow the instructions ABBYY to and
Scanning to LCD Screen to LCD Each action the LCD when and the The they and the actions they the below. OS users: the of the action the LCD To the action, the to LCD Screen instructions. action B&W OS X) or Scan to PDF (B&W) OS X) or Scan to PDF (Color) B&W OS Scans Black and White The both of the only) and PDF to OS Scans the only) appears. Scan to PDF Scans The and PDF only) Scan to PDF Automatically the both of only) and PDF to LCD Screen You assign of the LCD items to the to OS only). the following to OS X: Select Applications Software and the You the Select from Click the arrow the to the action then the action to assign. Scan and Scan Scanning instructions. Scan and Copy Copy the as instructions. Scans Black and White The only of the and PDF Scans The only of the and PDF
If to the action, the and the Scan and then OK the back to and the action Click to the whenever the item from the LCD assigned, the action selected Scanning to FTP, SharePoint or only): You to FTP Microsoft SharePoint or to Select the function to from the Action FTP or SharePoint the respective If then Top
Cleaning the To operating its using the following the the with force. to scratch or the the and or to clean the thinner, or to the These chemicals the and the to the or This permanently the and the Turn off the from the input the AC from the Clean the outer with cloth with and
Cleaning the the Cleaning the Cleaning the Path Cleaning the Separation Cleaning the or when become dirty, the the the with force. to scratch or the the and or to the thinner, or to the These chemicals the and the to the or This permanently the and the the Turn off the from the input the AC from the the cover and the cover.
the cover, the following Cleaning the Cleaning the Path Cleaning the Cleaning the cleaning finishes, the input and Top
Cleaning the the cover. the instructions. If the the dirty, with lint-free cloth. If the with grease or other hard-to-remove amount of with cloth to off directly the that the the or Cleaning the Path the cover. the instructions. the with cloth with and thoroughly Top
off with cloth. that the completely the Cleaning the Separation the cover. the instructions. the with cloth with and thoroughly Top
catching the cloth the off with cloth. that the completely using the Cleaning the the cover. the instructions. the lightly with cloth with and thoroughly to scratch or the off with cloth. that the completely the Top Top
the Light Source The of the light If the light or becomes too to normally, the and both the and lights flash. this the light assembly professional. EPSON Technical information. the If think repairs or necessary,
Transporting the If to and as below. Turn off the then the AC cord. Disconnect the from the from the input the input and the that with the then the its or that fits the
the Assembly You to the the assembly of Assembly B12B813421 To the assembly follow the below. Turn off the from the input the AC from the the cover and the cover. Press the the then the
the the as shown below. the of the first, then the the to to the Press the both of the cover, then the cover.
and the feed the of the the as shown below. the to the
the the cover of the then the cover. Turn the EPSON Scan Then, or Applications OS X). Click the right of the of Scans. Click OK
Security security with the security To the the the back of the and the to the Then, the and the to stationary the that with the security information.
The Lights Flashing The Not Turn On You Scan Pressing the Not the Correct The Lights Flashing the operating and the and lights the type. light light Flashing Flashing occurred. On cover The Turn On AC securely connected to the and the outlet If necessary, another and turning You Scan the turned Turn off the and then the interface them to the to properly. the software the instructions the software. the the from the the The than of Turn off the and If the and lights flashing, the malfunctioning, or the light to replaced. EPSON Technical Top Top
the USB that with or that indicated USB Interface the directly to the USB or through USB only. The properly when connected to the through than USB USB. If that the selected as the or Source If operating to Scan. Uninstall Scan as Uninstalling Scanning Software then as the only: appears without or the If the appears with of these or as Unknown Scan as Uninstalling Scanning Software then as the Pressing the Not the Correct Scan and OS only) correctly. assigned to the to LCD OS X: as the who the software. Other users first the Applications and then the to Top Top
the the If the follow the below to Turn off the from the input the cover and the cover. the
the If of the the the the shown. the cover.
detected the feed when the the following Click the Scan then as the Thickness. (The turned off turned the If the clear, Scan Top Top
Scanning Scanning ISIS The terms the LCD displayed function when or (Card/Business Card) as the Scanning to scanning. Selecting the Scan instructions. Computers with USB (high than those with USB If USB with the ISIS the software CD-ROM You the CD Select EMC ISIS the Software Select then Follow the on-screen instructions to the ISIS instruction to the that with software. The the LCD Top Top Top Top
If the displayed the LCD follow the below to the Press and both the Press the arrow or Press the to the arrow and arrow to the arrow three seconds. Top
Scan Quality You Scanned or of Appears Scanned Straight Distorted or Blurred Colors Patchy or Distorted the Edges of Scanned Too Ripple Appear Scanned Characters Not Converted Text (OCR) Scanned Colors From the Colors Appear Scanned The of You Scanned with the Black White the Threshold the and Other instructions. or of Appears Scanned The the cleaning. Clean the the Cleaning the If the the the scratched. the If with appear. Straight the perfectly straight the input Distorted or Blurred or warped. Top Top Top
the or while scanning. the Select Unsharp the and Other instructions. Colors or Distorted the Edges of If thick or the cover the with to light as Scanned Too the Brightness Scan the and of Ripple Appear Scanned or cross-hatch appear of It interference from the pitches the and the halftone the the and Other instructions. Select Selecting the Scan instructions. Characters Not Converted Text (OCR) the perfectly straight the input Select the Text the Threshold Select Black White as the Then the Threshold Converting Scanned Text instructions. Top Top Top Top
OCR software to there OCR software. Scanned Colors From the Colors the correct. Scanning instructions. to the Embed ICC Profile the JPEG or TIFF as the Click then the Embed ICC Profile To the Selecting Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and Appear Scanned Select the Scan The of If the of correctly, the to or (Card/Business Card) the and then the Crop Margins Top Top Top Top
Uninstalling Scanning Software OS You to and then software to or operating and account and as XP, to account. Turn off the the interface from of the following. and Click the and XP: Click and of the following. and Click Uninstall from the XP: Double-click the or Select the software to such as EPSON Scan, and the from the displayed. of the following. Click Uninstall/Change Click Uninstall/Change and then the Account XP: Click Change/Remove the appears, Follow the on-screen instructions.
appear to to If to selected and OS To to account. You as account To Scan, CD. the the Common Click Scan and Double-click Scan to the Top Top
EPSON Technical www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the Proof of purchase (such as and of purchase of the To to representative, (U.S.) or from AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. other software the that software or Other Software Technical Purchase and You purchase EPSON from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Top
ABBYY www.abbyy.com Top
Technical Specifications the these sections it with XP Professional Edition, or XP from Edition, or the software.) Interface USB A) built the with screen or higher, and Color) and tone to the of including the and software. or processor-based OS or Switching OS or supported. Interface USB with or higher, and of and tone to the of including the and software. Scan the UNIX (UFS) OS X. You Scan or that UFS. Top Top
Technical Specifications Specifications Mechanical Interfaces and Specifications to without type Feed, A4 Photoelectric CCD Effective inches) inches) input of Scanning internal to Interface One USB Light White LED Optional the of the CCD using the of ISO ISO as the of the Top
Mechanical Width: inches) Depth: inches) Height: inches) the the AC or the back of the information. GT-S85 GT-S55 Rated DC Rated input AC AC A421H Rated input AC to Rated input Rated input to Rated DC Rated The AC locations. Ready off Top Top
to C to F) to without Ordinary office or operating the sunlight, light or Interfaces USB Interface Interface type Universal Specification Revision second) and second) of Specification Revision Connector type One and U.S. EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR22 Class EMC Directive 2004/108/EC EN Class EN Australian EMC AS/NZS CISPR22 Class AC U.S. to C to F) to without Top Top
UL60950-1 CAN/CSA-C22.2 EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR22 Class Directive 2006/95/EC EN EN Class EMC Directive 2004/108/EC EN EN EN Australian AS/NZS EMC AS/NZS CISPR22 Class Top