WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this reproduced, or or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and of Corporation. and and and service of Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. Information Copyright Notice CPD-21951R1
easy-to-use that than pounds. The offers to or of brightness. You to of and or from USB or or wireless and security: and TM and correction and Security features include and the to the buttons A/V to the and when to temporarily New and industry firsts: computers, USB and another VGA Wirelessly MPEG2 with from PC to four from match from to four the while handout and the art and photography
Welcome This the information to and Please follow these as through to injury. to to Notes information about hints. More Information where the instructions to and connecting to TM or or wireless Includes this warranty brochures, and the with from the the or the Download and to If this and the the service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information.
Includes of covering tricks, and The art and sound as as Services to the road. and services to the and free. and Warranty with carry-in 2-yearr and warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the world. and the warranty brochure included with customers who their offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or overnight the included with To the and to products, and service.
Unpacking the the the shown below: VGA to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, the carrying information, and instructions. PDF and CD-ROM Wireless security screw and AAA software CD-ROM USB Carrying
Additional to the To One with or purchase from below. To from VCR or other HD15 to You purchase from below. Optional To of the the following optional Product V13H010L38 V13H13408 ATA hardshell Samsonite wheeled shoulder Soft carrying Universal mount plate Security bracket/cabling mounts security ELPSL01 50-inch aspect 60-inch aspect 80-inch aspect 83.6-inch pull-down aspect ELPKC19 ELPSV01 Distribution ELPDA01 (ELPDC05) V12H162020 Ethernet LAN V12H005M02 ELPKS54 ELPKS35-S ELPKS43 ELPKS16B ELPMBUNI ELPMBFCP ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC ELPMBAPL ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09
You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
and the hether from or to follow to the Follow the this chapter Positioning the Turning the and selecting the Troubleshooting the Turning off the
You mount the the or screen and the Positioning the If the isnt the to front of the as shown. This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the below to increases with the and whether the with other to to to from these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded outlet or cord. TBD
Ideally, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The of the should about the of the of the If the below to the front foot. This the to become shaped, the the buttons the information about correcting the instructions the location, such as theater or Projecting the and other as Then follow the instructions below to the and Turning On the Turn connected or the and the If the first, or of to the manually and the the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from
To the the correctly and from overheating. and the Follow these to the the A/V cover). of the the and the other The light light
Press the the or top of the The once and the light flashes as the then to appear. the light flashing and the ready If connected Windows-based to the New found If prompted to Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected (such as or DVD If the the Source Search the or the Search the the to You the Source buttons the to switch connected to the each or to wirelessly or from USB and the the when the This and To and the If to appear,
and the Troubleshooting Follow these You Cant If the trying to the following: the connected correctly, as the light and flashing and the A/V If connected than and/or to the Source Search the or Search the to the (Allow seconds the to the If using PC the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the The and Dont the If from and cant the and the follow these If using PC On theres function that the LCD and the or both the It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the
If the function to both should to both the LCD and the From the the utility. the the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If using OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these Preferences then From the Apple the VGA or LCD selected. Click the (or the selected. and the
foot and the the Once to If the too high or too below. To or If the isnt If displays incorrectly, If to the and/or sound, Chapter the Height of If the too the the front foot to the Press the foot release and the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If necessary, the height or the turning the rear foot. the the to or the as
Focusing and Turn the the to the Turn the the to reduce or the If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. the or the directly front of the of the with the of the with the of the the slightly (within of or the correction function that and corrects Corrected It about the to corrected. this correction appears the If distorted, the buttons the or the and the correction
The slightly If to the aspect the to correction, then the to the aspect and the Correction To when the top or the following: Press of the the as shown below. the with the of the the the or the and From the and the the to the as If the becomes the sharpness
Correcting If connected to and the right, the the or the the This the and If the the to the or the information. the A/V You the A/V to temporarily off the and sound when to redirect the finished the follow the recommended to it This the of the and protects the from overheating. Turn off the To off the the the or and the You this to The with through the VGA selected, and Turn off this when to the of the
You the to off the and when This electricity, cools the and the of the If to the If the the cord. To If when Direct On and the the when the restored. and the You (If to turn off, other button.) Press the The off. the the cord. (If the mounted the to seconds the to cool the cord.) If to the the light flashing, then the If the front foot, the foot release to the A/V the Direct On Function The Direct On function The when to the button. Follow these to Direct On: Press the the and the Choose and Choose Direct On and Highlight On and Press or to The the the
information and to the professional to the Remote includes of to of them using the which the from anywhere the to You the to the and sound or as to highlight You to the or as wireless when from This chapter covers: the the and sound with the Highlighting
If than seconds, the operating to release the operation the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to the the of the Remote the Follow these using the the the front of the or the within of the the bright or sunlight, or the properly. the the as below: Turn the Press the the cover as the cover off. AAA the and as shown. the cover as shown, then
the and Sound You the to and temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the Switching Sources If connected to than and/or switch the The to to the Search the (or the Source Search the repeatedly the the On the there four Source buttons. them to switch to the each or to EasyMP. the the appears. the
This function the the sound. Also, the to the action from the the Remote Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound. This the thing as the A/V and to temporarily redirect To off the and sound, the A/V The To the and sound back the You the when the A/V You such as the Action You the to the action or To the action and the the the The sound To the
of You of the using the buttons the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the to the crosshair. the to the selected to While the the to around the Press the to the SC to the to its the To the the or the or You the the the Remote To temporarily off the sound and the A/V or the A/V
the You the the to fits the to switch the aspect ratio and (and Normal This or recorded normally unnecessary, the the to the of the If the the or the displays the the of the (which the or its If the of the the as the the You the the to the brightness, and other aspects of Press the repeatedly to from the following high-contrast bright Sports or only): TV bright Presentation: (the when from with Theatre: with increased increased when or TV bright matching the of Blackboard the white Customized:
with the Remote If to the with USB as then the USB the the of This flexibility when slideshow-style to to the to the and buttons to through slideshow. or to the to the the Press the once to left-click, or to Press the to right-click. To the Then the to the where to release Left-click Right-click the Remote
the Remote Highlighting You to information the If to the choose from three the To the the the appears the If to of the instructions the section. the the to the the the to clear the the You the appearance of the choosing from three Press the the highlight the highlight Shape and You of the shown the Select the and Highlight and Press to from the
Connecting to Computers, and Other his chapter to the to or and/or to such as VCR, DVD or You the to USB or Follow the instructions this chapter Connecting to Connecting Connecting to or other USB sound through the
If based to the New found Dont to force to with or of You the or Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting to You the to that including PC and computers, and and hand-held You to the USB the This allows to to the to the and to the USB To to the Computer/Component VGA the instructions below. To to the USB Connecting to the You to the Computer/Component the VGA that with the (the If the VGA to the Computer/Component and the other to Then to You optional to sound through the or USB to the as
finished instructions turning the and the Connecting to the USB You XP or (SP4) to the USB and This allows to the USB and than USB The first to the USB software from the Follow the instructions to the and the Turn the USB that with the of the to the USB the of the to USB or appear as the and the software USB Connecting to Computers, and Other The USB or Macinotsh. You to software to this You cant the function when the USB to
The function correctly that from earlier of to the of Right- Connecting to Computers, and Other Follow the instructions to the USB software. If Warning, You only to the software the first the software displayed the MP appears the right of the Connecting the If connected as this chapter (using the Computer/Component and the USB the to the as wireless This and through slideshow-style such as from to The wireless function with USB XP, 98SE, or or OS to This function to to the the USB that with the of the to the USB USB
the of the to USB or If necessary, to with USB Connecting to You to the the to its If yellow Connecting Source If Connecting Source If player (three or Connecting Source If RGB or three R/G/B), Connecting RGB Source connecting to to sound through the Connecting to Computers, and Other RCA VGA (RGB
Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting Source with or purchase from the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions If to other or the instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears.
Connecting Source usually with or purchase from the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions If to other or the instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. Connecting to Computers, and Other
RGB If the players Also, the the to or Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting Source You or this You the (ELPKC19) from information. or the to and the Computer/Component the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. VGA (ELPKC19)
Connecting RGB Source the VGA with the the to the and the Computer/Component the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. Connecting to Computers, and Other If the players
than and the directly to the function correctly or to USB If USB the AC to the The slideshow function with the USB Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting to or Other You USB flash memory USB or such as the P-4000 or photo. the USB Then slideshow function or the PC to the of the USB to the USB the as shown. the other of the to or other the USB If PC to PC the USB from the the the the right of the PC Press the the to PC the USB
Sound Through the You sound through the or To sound through the follow these the and to the the If connected to the Computer/ If connected to the or and the included with the the other of the to the output connector(s) or Connecting to Computers, and Other
Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting EasyMP, the sound to with built-in amplifiers. to the to the option to instructions. To to the follow these the to to with and the other to purchase or the of the to the the the other of the to The internal while sound to and cant the or to the
Presenting Through Network his chapter to to the through wireless EMP NS shown screenincluding graphics, and to instructions this chapter Starting basic Connecting to the (computer-to-computer) or Access wireless security options wirelessly Projecting the wireless from wired LAN from the EMP NS as each to to the Then follow the this chapter to and and EMP NS
the wireless the If to LAN or memory to properly as the Presenting Through Wireless Network Starting to the to switch to Follow these the the and the Press the the to as the You this The appear the If already and the to computer-to- or Access to Projecting with the section.
You or the the Press the then choose Network and Choose To Network and Choose and You the following the when to from If to highlight the then Presenting Through Network
Presenting Through Wireless Network Press the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the and To or highlight the option and highlight and If to to the highlight and of to characters. highlight and If to security that people who the as the Then when to to the displays or the prompted NS the to these highlight the the top of the then the You NS to to the and wirelessly or Access to the easy to and the with wireless or or or
with or with this to other wireless to the only. Access the the and easily off the To Access wireless or or (or AirPort) station, and or with wireless or Follow the instructions below the to To (computer-to-computer) and wireless or as this section. the Press the then choose Network and Choose To Network and Choose Wireless LAN and You this Presenting Through Wireless Network the NS software as To to the wireless or XP. OS or wirelessly. Access to to 54MB/sec (computer-to- to This of
Presenting Through Network selected the If the the to highlight then to If the the to highlight then to If SSID or ESSID highlight the ESSID text and Press the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the and To or highlight the option and highlight and that the ESSID the the type the the connecting to the these highlight the the top of the then Choose Complete and then choose and to and to the ready to to wirelessly. to the Network below, or
the Network connecting to the to the or match the the Access wireless XP Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click and Presenting Through Wireless Network On right-click Network or Network Neighborhood the and wireless the information.
Presenting Through Network Right-click the Wireless Network and You to this: Click the Click the Advanced You to this: Click
wireless or the type of or of the than those the Network to the SSID to match the assigned to the ESSID. Encryption Click the and that wireless or OK to the ready to to the Network software to allow to both and Access Typically, to ESSID from the the If the follow these From the Apple pull-down Preferences Double-click the Network You the Network Presenting Through Wireless Network disconnected from other wireless If to connected to wireless Access as Also, to wireless when using the
If the other them their checkboxes. from other wireless If to connected to wireless Access as Also, to wireless when using the Presenting Through Wireless Network Location to Select Network then Select Network the pull-down Click Apply Then the Click the the the top of the You the Choose the ESSID assigned to the to Select ESSID.
Access To Access first and wireless or as this section. the Press the then choose Network and Choose Wireless LAN and You this Advanced selected the If the the to highlight Advanced then to If the the to highlight then to To to the the to ESSID, which the SSID of or the of (The of Presenting Through Wireless Network
about please If know or If AirPort, the and Then the Network to stations IP Presenting Through Wireless Network from that of station; the and to the of Highlight the ESSID text and Press the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the and To or highlight the option and highlight and that the ESSID the the type it the the connecting to the If assigns IP automatically, DHCP off DHCP and the following information: IP the IP to assign to the It other the The section should this Gateway the IP that assigned to the or when DNS (primary)/DNS (secondary) the IP that assigned to the DNS
these highlight the the top of the then Choose Complete and then choose and to and to the ready to wireless to the Network below, or to Access If to security options to the option that the the Network connecting to the to the wireless or match the the Access wireless XP Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click and Presenting Through Wireless Network On right-click Network or Network Neighborhood the and wireless the information.
Presenting Through Wireless Network Right-click the Network and You to this: Click the Click the Advanced You this: Click
wireless or the type of or of the than those the Network to the SSID to match the assigned to the (which should the ESSID). Encryption the Click the and that wireless or OK to the wireless Right-click the Wireless Network and You this Presenting Through Wireless Network
about please If know or Presenting Through Wireless Network Select and the You this If DHCP, IP the following IP and the information: IP the IP to assign to the It other the The section this the IP that assigned to the when OK Click the Wireless Networks (If this to wireless or clicking to the then follow instructions the to the
You this: that to the It should with the to indicating If listed, and type the of OK to the ready to to the Projecting Presenting Through Wireless Network
If the this the software that with Presenting Through Wireless Network Checking the Gateway IP If IP manually and to the IP (the IP of the wireless to the currently active, as the previous section. Then follow these Access wireless XP Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click and Right-click the Wireless Network and
Click the The IP as shown: Access software to allow to Access Typically, only to from the the If to the follow these From the Apple pull-down Preferences Click the Network You the Network Gateway Presenting Through Wireless Network
If the other them their checkboxes. If than the software to off when first the this and To or the station, and Click then the If connecting to IP the Distribute IP to the stations IP and the first three of the IP to the first three of the stations IP Presenting Through Wireless Network Location to Select Select Network Then Select Network the pull-down Click Apply Then the the station, then On the matches ESSID. If the ESSID the Network text and If turned DHCP the Network and the Distribute IP selected. If to
Click the the the top of the You the to Select the of Wireless Security You the following security options when to the wirelessly: WEP WPA security, EAP-TLS or LEAP, EAP, or PEAP authentication. To these security features wireless or from network the following sections to the security option WEP Encryption below WPA Security EAP, LEAP, or PEAP Authentication EAP-TLS WEP Encryption Press the Highlight Network and then Choose To Network and Highlight Security then Presenting Through Wireless Network
Text input WEP with with ASCII first. If that try Text2 and then Text3 Presenting Through Wireless Network You the following Press to the then highlight WEP and the WEP highlight or and Format, highlight HEX to input or ASCII to input, then If chose choose ID or Highlight the Encryption text and Press the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the arrows and To or highlight the option and highlight and
with and follow these WEP with input, characters, from to and from to F. WEP with input, characters, from to and from to F. WEP with ASCII or input, characters. WEP with ASCII or text input, characters. these highlight the the top of the then Choose Complete and then choose and to and to the WPA Security Press Highlight Network and then Choose To Network and Highlight Security then You the following Presenting Through Wireless Network
Presenting Through Wireless Network Press to the then choose WPA-PSK (TKIP) or WPA-PSK (AES) and Highlight the PSK text and Press the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the and To or highlight the option and highlight and these highlight the the top of the then Choose Complete and then choose and to and to the EAP, LEAP, or PEAP Authentication Press Highlight Network and then Choose To Network and Highlight Security then
You the following Press to the then choose EAP-TTLS/MD5 EAP-TTLS/MS-CHAPv2 LEAP or EAP-FAST/GTC and the and that match the authentication Highlight the and Press the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the and To or highlight the option and highlight and Highlight the text and the as the Presenting Through Wireless Network
Presenting Through Wireless Network these highlight the the top of the then Choose Complete and then choose and to and to the EAP-TLS Press Highlight Network and then Choose To Network and Highlight Security then You the following Press to the then choose EAP-TLS and The information appears the these highlight the the top of the then Choose Complete and then choose and to and to the
Network Once and and (Quick) or (Advanced) or the optional wired LAN as follow these to NS and the Select EMP NS from the OS X: Double-click the EMP NS Applications The first NS this Choose and OK If to the firewall, to the and allow Presenting Through Network If IP allow to appear. If or DHCP IP AirPort), the to the IP Once selected the IP the Switch when NS If to to the EMP NS then Switch LAN the
If and locked, to To the from other users while connected, the to the and allow other users. If when the and that to and NS Presenting Through Wireless Network You the below. (If previously NS this the first If the properly, If the they listed, with their The indicated to each Once the of appears, and If than listed, and to them to the If the selected already used another to locked); the other If locked, to to when If the follow the Select
If the to connecting, this the displayed the Network and OK Once the established, to the and floating If necessary, the of the with the If the following: wireless enough to If the the the or wireless or Presenting Through Network If of these the troubleshooting information
The than the To the the station, and Then The appears the Presenting Through Wireless Network trying to to the right that to the or that wireless or and that its SSID matches the ESSID. OS X, the the to turned and the ESSID or selected. of the (You should that the ready to If to NS the ESSID matches the SSID wireless or If station, the ESSID matches the network that the ESSID the IP both and wireless or station. The first three of the IP should The of the IP should to the of the IP wireless interface, or station. and NS If follow the instructions Connecting Advanced to to the the From the these NS features: the Select of while connecting to the The the of Click to projection.
the selected projected. the which allows to A/V switch the PC or switch the MPEG2 from Allows to and of the appear each the Disconnects the to the which the Clicking of the buttons the to appear the the arrow the right to the Connecting Advanced Click search the NS Presenting Through Wireless Network
Presenting Through Wireless Network the IP or the the to to, and OK The to the EMP NS If the search to with the specified IP the searching If this to the IP then this Click the to to and the button. If than and to them the If prompted the displayed the Network and OK The transmitted to the and appears the about the floating Network Security The includes the following security options which and intercepted, deciphered. to (Authentication) and which that only the wireless to the and third from to the
Prevents unauthorized closing that used.The security that with this the of the wireless LAN. the firewall function with OS. The security functions that with this the Encrypted Advanced Encrypted WEP, WPA-PSK (TKIP), WPA-PSK (AES), EAP-TLS, EAP-TTLS/MD5, EAP-TTLS/MS-CHAPv2, PEAP/GTC, LEAP, EAP-FAST/GTC Encryption Click options the Click the Presenting Through Wireless Network The authentication and firewall effective when the the the
Presenting Through Wireless Network Select the Encrypt Click OK Network Security You to security including WEP, WPA, EAP, LEAP, or PEAP, or firewall and the follow the from If EAP, to the that match the authentication Check with RADIUS
Projection each to section of the or to the least to overheating. To NS follow these Click Presenting Through Wireless Network to to the and the function. connected, the EMP NS when the connected as secondary the that projected. You each to match the as as
Presenting Through Wireless Network Click the to the of the displays. the Preferences or Preferences when the numbers.
To to each choose from the Click the when ready to the You the the NS to the each You full-screen MPEG2 with second). performance, advanced wireless or recommended. Click the the NS If connected to than the to the Presenting Through Wireless Network supported. The MPEG2 NTSC or PAL (without
The the appear the Presenting Through Wireless Network Click the Select the MPEG2 to and the playback buttons the to and other finished the the features that allow to to and other activity Both with and displays only to and other activity and while
the shows (or of choice) while search or other or the shows Click the the NS The displays with the or Preferences the to secondary the pull-down and the to Then OK The the displays to the the NS allows to and while only the to Follow these to and least EPSON If when NS EPSON from or Select EPSON then EPSON If that the testing, Then NS as Presenting Through Wireless Network If to or instead of the the EMP NS V2 this located \EMP NS MAC OS X, located \Applications\EMP NS and then to the the
Presenting Through Wireless Network Click then On the selected, then this and OK the OS the and the to
to (or the selected NS then or Preferences Presenting Through Network
Presenting Through Wireless Network the pull-down and the to secondary the to (or the associated with and Then OK The displays the and displays and
Removing the Wireless Follow these to the from If NS Disconnect the the light to isnt flashing. If the security screw, Then the off of the Connecting to Wired Network With the optional the to and with IP the wireless as then the Ethernet the Click Disconnect the while the light or when wirelessly. You the or Presenting Through Wireless Network
the Ethernet to Other If to LAN or memory to Ethernet properly If the SNMP option to IP This the Presenting Through Network the to or the to the LAN the the the and the Press the the to as the Press the the the Network then Choose To Network and Choose Wired LAN and You the following of the following: If assigns automatically, the DHCP If assign automatically, off DHCP and the IP Gateway and DNS as
To numbers, the the to highlight the to input, then the finished the highlight then the to the To to the with NS the To to the using Advanced this the Press the the the Network then Choose To Network and Choose then You the following Presenting Through Network
If with which to the to If to Network ON the the the (when the off). Presenting Through Wireless Network Highlight On to notifications, then the IP the SMTP the You from to each field of the the following IP to (where from to the SMTP The You from to Choose of the Destination then the and the of the that when or warning You to three You to characters the Select or to about the selected or to the specified The of the EPSON The includes the following information: The of the where the occurred The IP of the where the occurred of the
To USB to to the EMP software only), as the type of to with the Presenting from or PC from or connected to the USB. You graphics, or that slideshow JPG and BMP graphics This covers the following: Creating slideshow the Presenting from Presenting from Creating to memory Presenting
Presenting from or Creating Slideshow the Fly If containing assortment of them as slideshow. the Slideshow First the the USB Then follow these the the to highlight the containing and the the to highlight the containing and
From the the to Slideshow and The the as slideshow. the to the slideshow as the section. Slideshow While slideshow the as follows: Press or to the or or to Press to the previous or or to replay Press the of the to or the To the slideshow the Press the to that to and Other each the memory the and other Select the containing the the slideshow to and From the the to and Presenting from or
Presenting from or You this the to from the following selection, to the switching choose the to when slideshows, or or the appears whenever item and selecting or and the selecting and the To the the choose alphabetically or whether to the of the
switching the each Choose to manually. Effect choose from such as or highlight OK and permanently with each off the or the or Presenting From This section to PC and USB Follow these Turn Turn the and the theyre already as the the the If with the DCIM DCIM appear the PC the the to the the and Select the the another with the the and Select You when the Presenting from or the to internal slideshows. the of with or A/V to the or and directly to the You the or the to the or
shows as If USB mounted and with the software. The software Presenting from or the the to and Select The the If of the to the while To the the then and Presenting From This section to or from or memory using and USB Follow these or memory Turn the and the theyre already Select as the the the the the to the the where or and Select You when the the the to and Select The the If of the to the while
To the the then and Creating of and/or that from USB The to to and the EMP This the to that to the this existing that to to the If from scratch combining selection of other graphics, and Converting to Follow these to to Once the created, as the EMP closed. the to or the top of the EMP You that supported. Click the EMP and one-by-one as they converted. this or completely converted. Presenting from or If the PC the and USB To USB connected to the EMP software only), as
Presenting from or the You the following USB and to the then OK to Creating from Scratch this when to from selection of graphics, or to and the and the the and Double-click the EMP (or or EMP
You the EMP selection Choose New from the You the Presenting from or
The the of the You the instructions this section to to existing Presenting from or and thats easy to to and numbers. Then from the following options: The location the and the Click to choose location. Click BGM(W) to the selection appears choose .WAV the the arrow to the right of the option to The Background appears around that the Select the Quality Higher-quality the screen to appear. Click OK You to the EMP with the instructions the section to Building from You from of the following types, or with other types: through PPT JPEG (with JPG (with BMP or DIB (with MPG MPEG (MPEG1 supported)
Follow these the the of the EMP to the to include JPEG, and appear as the Click to Click the each that to preview. The appears the If the the If of appears. Presenting from or appear
Transition created smoother than those with EMP the seconds. Presenting from or and the to include from the or thumbnail the (You to the to the To include whole (instead of the the the the to Each appears The background to the type of the If to the To rearrange and them as within the To right-click the and To the its section appears the of the each animation operation. .EMA You as the section.
the or choose from the Then to the to USB EMP to manually or specified of You choose from of Click the or which to the To than the Ctrl while click. To the choose Select from the Selected Right-click the selected or The appears: Presenting from or
Click to manually Transition smoother when them the and that to Presenting from or Click You this Click to Choose to to the If to manually the On click. If to automatically, the the You of and seconds this manually the To (such as or of the Effects and choose Direction finished the the selected or OK Click the or choose from the with the the section when ready to to USB Select
Checking You to USB to and sounds the to. the the to the to review. Click the then to the Click Option(s) The displays. If the to it to If to each the the to through the the to or fast the Presenting from or
Dont to the to USB or properly. You the USB from the Option(s) If to the the selection If this and EMP Presenting from or to USB Once to USB to the below to that the properly: the USB EMP the the to the to review. Click the then to the From the Option(s) choose You selection Choose the and OK Click OK to confirm. to the Once the this about The that the whenever the turned (with the connected to the Select USB
of the following: If the to automatically, to to the and the If to automatically, OK and with the following instructions. You the To to automatically, from the the of the and the arrow to it to the the right. Click the to continuously. Clear the to once. OK the USB instructions. If XP, or first to to or the Presenting from or If than to automatically, they the this
than If the and buttons the to Presenting from or Presenting the USB containing the to as The follow these to Turn the already If to as as the If to to manually. with the following Select as the the the You the below. JPEG as thumbnails. Other or as the the to highlight and appears the the to and
While the as follows: Press or to the or or to Press to the previous or or to replay Press the of the to or the To the the Press the to that to Presenting from or to automatically, manually as
Presenting from or Supported The following from or memory Notes These created the EMP that included with the Graphics with than projected. with than projected. Projection CMYK and with of Projection with of MPEG1 MPEG2-PS If the of or the as DVD header each GOP) played back. Motion JPEG DPOF DPOF (where and projected. with the JPEG and MPEG cant projected. or as JPG or MPG. with high as from with The MPEG-1 Linear PCM and AC- played back.
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the the security and operation
the the You the or the to the and Follow these To the the the or the You to the below: The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the the (or the buttons the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the to through the of of the options or the selected
highlighting the option to the to the to the to sub-screen the Press the or right of the to To from or the to highlight the and the the to and to the previous (or repeatedly to the You the to Restoring the You the options to the factory- the or the To the the whose to and as (The below shows to the To the to their factory-default the highlight and the the the or
the the You the to the brightness, sharpness, tint, and Press the the or and the You the the to highlight the option, then as the and the or the the You each Select from these Photo: high-contrast bright Sports or only): TV bright Presentation: (the when from with Theatre: with increased increased when or TV bright the of displays.
Blackboard the white Customized: below.) Brightness or the the light and areas. only) the of the only) the of to the or NTSC Sharpness the sharpness of the the RGBCMY to red, and and other RGB selected to red, and and (Not selected as the ABS and K. (Not selected as the such as high-quality photographs or artwork, the and Follow the instructions to the and Press the to then to to the the The Brightness the of the LCD You the brightness. Select Brightness the then choose High or (the High
You the to the and Computer/RGB the Select and You and the RGBCMY (red, and yellow. Select the to and You and the of and the of the the to the and You the reflected the with the and each to You to the as the Although the normally and the input automatically, the to to the of the tracking and or the aspect ratio to Press the and the You to of those below. (The the from.)
the to highlight the option, then as this On to the Turn off to to the Tracking this to the this the appears or Turn this On to the If the slightly off or exactly. Select this and the to If the right the the the type of connected to the Computer/Component RGB that this PAL (then PAL60 Choose aspect ratio of or Normal the the or the with containing to appear as background. If this option isnt white background.
You the using the the You the to the buttons the and other features. the of the the If or the the Sharpness Automatically when the This when the front of the buttons the the button. information. choose from three information. Brightness from of brightness. The reduces and and the operating life. or lowers the of the
sound from or MPEG to with built-in amplifiers. the as shown the Security To unauthorized of the the following: Assign this to the to user that and/or when the A/V pressed. the buttons; this classroom and to that touches the buttons while using the the network If the the displayed as the and/or Unauthorized users off or This to theft and to the should Protection To unauthorized the If appear the whenever the and turned If incorrect three the operation locked and the disconnected and to redisplay the If incorrect thirty the user to the the Its to write If the the Protect Release appear. You only and the
If the to the the the The the Protect function Follow these to turn protection Press the the about seconds. You this the to On Protect to On Then Press Select and to the and the the and the to four (The the Then the to the Press the the to the If to the temporarily, and Then the while the to the of hours (from to that the If the to the the to 0H
The countdown the as as the Protect (You the this to To Protect and Select On and this the appears whenever the the the It appears when the A/V selected the the A/V the of the the when the Protect function To protection, Network Protect and Select On and this of the the Starting the with the function this when and the the the and the to the four The the deactivated, and the
the If the correct, prompting to the If incorrect three the The operation locked. and the switches to approximately the Then the from the and the back the Protect Release try to the If incorrect the and to If the with the that appears the Protect Release Where To Creating You from or to the and then as You as the displayed when the or when the A/V button. The photograph, or other to the the to from or such as DVD or Then follow these to the and to the Press the the highlight the and
Highlight and Choose this as the and selection the the to the of the to Then the Select this highlight and the arrow buttons to and the this as the appears, and the or while the the Completed to to the the
Press the the seconds to the function. the Choosing to the as the You to as the when theres or when the A/V Press the highlight the and Select and Highlight Background when there or A/V and Select and finished, to the the function, the buttons, or the Press the button, highlight the and Select and the Select (to buttons) or (to the and Select and to the Press the to
and You the to the the or off, and other operations. this to off the of the background or off the as Projection Select (to from the front of and right (when the mounted from the Rear (to from or Rear/Ceiling (to from when the mounted from the of the the cool-down off. You to hear the Direct On to the when the connected (without the the If Direct On the connected, and the when the restored. the
the to the off (and received) or when the A/V Closed. High when the Select Network On to the to when (the light USB Select MP to through the USB Choose to to the as wireless USB-connected information. 21L This only the USB Select to the as wireless USB-connected information. this option the to from Select ID to IDs. Choose Correction then choose Brightness Correct to the of each Correct to the and or and below information about Select from to the
the to from (as match the each of and correction. To match the as closely as first that the to the instructions. Then follow these Press the and the Select and Press to ID Assign ID to each Once assign the the the while the that to the Select Correction and the of Match the to the Press to the of Next, the brightness of the Match the brighter to the and match the brightness of and and match the G/R correction Then and match the B/Y correction If three or four through to match to then match to the
the
software included with and from EMP only) to switch and basic the function to about You NS to to as group. This allows to and easy to these from other computers. To the software to first EMP as If to EMP NS Then and each to You the wirelessly Access or wired (as This chapter covers the following information: and with EMP to of to the
If to while they the then Network On EMP EMP to whether connected wirelessly or wired It easily the or off (together or individually), switch and their EMP the software only) as The using to the should already connected to and Closing EMP To EMP or EPSON EMP If the to the then already If the the the lower-right of to the EMP To EMP from the or right-click the shown then Click to EMP
to Follow these to search To manually with EMP to the EMP as You this Select New search) You this
If the found, connected or correctly the Click Search to currently operating the found the as shown below: Select the to clicking its then the button. You this
group, necessary, necessary, and the Then the To with EMP through You with of The EMP the Source, and shown below. This which currently used, from which (or they and information, right-click the and Property To from the right-click the and To when turned Network On as the the
To EMP to the on-screen The following the shown the EMP or the operating normally. Warning or the warning or Right the and to the group. currently updated. or Warning or when the or incorrect Right-click the and to the currently updated. Network the connected to the or disconnected). You this Network selected Network
The and its The off and its The and its The off and its The internal The internal The internal (high). The high (high-temperature warning). The internal too high (internal The turned off automatically. warning. The nearing the of its life. High-temperature warning. The too to The or incorrectly. flow. The to cleaned or replaced.
flow There with the flow as cover the cover The reached the of its life. The reached its of or incorrectly. High internal The turned off automatically. as as as Other as recommended to
The buttons the the and off and the to of its selected the to (with the clicking of the buttons. buttons To when selected Network On as the the
If EMP to whenever the If to the information about the Refresh EMP To often EMP the of follow the below: From the You this the and OK
You to of with the Follow the below: From the function You this Turn the function On the IP and of SMTP (outgoing) the to three to to the boxes. Click the buttons to the which the OK to the function
If to the the If EMP to each of the the function The of the includes the shown EMP and the warning/error. The of the The EMP The The to the the fixed, EMP indicating the to the If to to and that the wireless as the should to Network On to the and the IP of the to the If what the of the the and Wired LAN or Wireless LAN from the Network to the IP of the
You of the following: If the Network OK If the Network the then OK You this Functions to buttons
Select of the options the then of the as These to those found the You the following using the the or the the the of the as would the buttons. Choose the action, turn off the and sound, or the or off.
warning of the off and the cord. cover the the cover. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the clean and clean the and or to cool the The only should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the and Transporting the
thinner, or other These the the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and gently the Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the
Cleaning the and Clean the and every hours of If they cleaned they become with This overheating and the Follow these Turn off the the light to flashing, then the cord. Turn the To the and and other office If the with (such as paintbrush). If the to or the the as or 800-GO-EPSON to the To V13H13408. information.
should the To the Turn off this when to the of the warning the cool the that the and should to If the the passed, the that the increases. appears, the with as as the the and The of the about hours Brightness the to High and hours Brightness to It to the when: The or to The the appears the when the and the light flashes To brightness and quality, the as as The light flashes (the burnt or 800-GO-EPSON V13H010L38. Follow these to the and Turn off the the light flashing, the cord. the cool least hour The immediately
the cover screw to Then the cover to the and off of the the screws holding the cant them). the as shown and straight the (If easily, facing the right these screws the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the
the the PUSH Once the its screws. the cover, then its screw. Turn the the and the it clicks the as the section.
the the to the using the Press the the or the You the the the (or the arrow buttons the to highlight then You this Select Hours and the and finished, or to the the
incurred the Transporting the The and Follow these to the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell then firm with cushioning around the optional from the A/V cover) to the
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. The following information included: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt the top of the or the The following choices with There sound Select Follow these to Press the the or the You the the the or the buttons the to highlight items. Press the the or the to the To the the If of the to the following
Checking If isnt correctly, first off, to cool (the light flashing and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the What To the Lights The lights top of the the light to the following of the lights: lights Light The or You or the to Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing The cooling You cant back (and should the light flashing and There with the the other lights and the information to the light light
lights Light Flashing There with the or Stop using the the and as Flashing cooling Although this the higher. there of around and the and that the and clear. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling then the cord. the back and the the F C), and there of around and the Flashing Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the Flashing The burnt First the cover securely If thats the the cool, the and as If this the as Flashing off of internal the and as The clogged. Clean or them as If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or as Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself.
and Other Information the Info to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the and highlight the Info You the hours and input the right. The of the about hours the Brightness the to High and hours the Brightness to the hours this to the of The If the when the the connected to the and The defective. the from the and as to the A/V closed. The buttons the If the Operation function cant the buttons the the instead. information about the function. You hear the the off. If to Network On the to the cooled information about this The information the input currently selected.
with the or Sound appears the that the light The or If the light the to turn the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the Press the A/V the to the turned off temporarily. the A/V closed. The attached or the If from DVD player or other and its connected and with the displayed. the connected correctly, as restarting If connected and or to the Source Search the or of the buttons the to the Allow seconds the to the
If PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If OS X: Preferences Click Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click the or the selected. The Not Supported displayed. the input selected the UXGA and the or refresh the If necessary, as below. of the displayed. Press the the the the information.
Press the the Press the the to the function. correct. Ideally, should to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and OS X: Preferences and You to existing created them software information. The isnt keystone-shaped. If the top or of the the or the the If the the from the or right, the the front of the of the facing the squarely. the to the The or If than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference.
The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD the input selected the The There or smears the Clean the as the using the the You to the from to the Sharpness the should to the the immediately. If from to the tracking and as the section. If the to to the factory You or the trying the the section. If from and that of or of the characters heavy or Press the the to the tracking and If further the Tracking and manually using the as the with containing such as to appear as background, or white background.
of the used, exactly match the or the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness. The too light or or incorrect. If the option the to the If the and the You try the ABS and the the Brightness and the to the The to replaced. instructions. There sound, or the sound enough. Press the button the or to increase the A/V (The A/V pressed.) the A/V
the the If VCR or other the turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as If includes the turned the or muted. If the securely connected to both the and headphone or the turned the or to You to this clicking the right of the the turned the You to the from (top right of the or the function If to the EasyMP option to this cant the buttons the or to the or information. Network You the EMP that connected the to the and correctly; Also, the with EMP that the to Network ON If the XP or as the
restarting You cant to the NS the correctly the If to the NS or the to the and correctly; or (Access that wireless On the the the wireless or of the (You should that the ready to If to NS If the Access and DHCP, allow to appear. It the while to the IP If or or allow or the to appear. If using AirPort, try turning off and then that trying to to the right that to the or that wireless or and its SSID to match the ESSID On the the top of to turned and the ESSID or selected.
If or and DHCP, IP the Access advanced The first three of the IP should to the first three of the IP of or station. The of the IP should to the of the IP of the or station. If using DHCP, Gateway the Access advanced It should to the IP or station. If each turn the off and then or and the wireless the the Network and the If AirPort, the of the station, and Click the Network If to DHCP Distribute IP and IP If using and DHCP turned off Access advanced IP off. If using Access and to the interference from another or station, then NS If AirPort, the ESSID should match the the of the station. To the the station, and Then The network appears the If prompted when the WEP WEP connecting IP
with appears distorted. of their JPEG correctly. JPEG from with high ratio appear blurry. EMP appear the EMP or created these of and or EMP thumbnails and cant the MS Office JPEG the Office the and option, and the JPEG Also, the using to the You cant EMP they to the USB You only they the then the to USB You cant slideshow to the to the You the to from the Option(s) If this and EMP connected
You cant the The MPEG2 It MPEG1 included cant played back to the or or shows as when to If USB-mounted and with The with the Remote The to commands. The correctly or To the batteries, within about of the and within of the front or back (approximately to the or right and or below). the lights and off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Also, off that such as heater. If buttons than seconds, the Release that to the
Where To these technical services: and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product or Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the
Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
You wireless from OS X, only the from location using Although EMP and EMP and EMP NS or XP. Software software CD-ROM includes the software to the featuresfor wireless to memory and the from location. Software CD-ROM includes EMP and EMP Network and the from location. the software, these Microsoft (SP4) or XP or or or wireless (to EMP NS wirelessly) IBM PC with least III At least 256MB of RAM recommended) At least 128MB of free XGA or and or higher
Software the software, the following OS or (OS or or recommended) or wireless interface to EMP NS wirelessly G3 or or At least 256MB of RAM At least 128MB of XGA or and or higher the Software Follow these the CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Click then follow the on-screen instructions to software. the each to These to the to to the the software, selection EPSON from the and selecting EPSON
If that the testing, If selected Displays, this the the Software Follow these to EMP NS the software CD-ROM If necessary, the CD-ROM to its Double-click the OS Click then follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the Software
Software
his the location, such as theater or The four front or as shown: Rear To from overhead, the optional mounting information. to or Rear/Ceiling as the Projection option the to the upside-down. To from the rear, Rear or Rear/Ceiling
If mounting the the and to the to the the This the to its You the the function the If the that the of the with the of the the should and to If the than the of the to the to the whole with the
Technical Specifications of TFT active (XGA) Brightness (High Brightness Brightness (High Brightness Brightness ratio to inches to to Projection rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio Brightness High Brightness correction Supports USB (type B) correction)
selected, and Turn off this when to the of the Technical Specifications Projection UHE High Efficiency) hours (High Brightness hours Brightness V13H010L38 AAA Height inches retracted inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, to VAC, to VAC, to VAC, off) to VAC, off)
to F to C) to F to C) (non-condensing) to RH to to United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC IEC Third Edition EN EN Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the resized to the (XGA). The of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGA EGA to RH DNX ICs this Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Refresh Rate VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19-60 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM
Refresh Rate HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV TV480i TV480i SDTV SDTV The resized Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications
Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in provided. of through the of the
Notices as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING The included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other with Health
Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that Notices
Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers America, Inc. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-1705/1715
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes Notices
Notices Warranty Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If service, to the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer as instructed its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or previously refurbished to the of and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers of the or other and This warranty cover other than This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or warranty service should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred.
THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSON'S ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized www.epson.com. To the Customer You the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Notices
USB light cover foot USB Remote Security A/V Wireless Remote A/V Foot USB section of (right on-screen Switch connected to Turn and off Turn off and sound Stop action Select Access on-screen or switch aspect ratio
cover USB light foot USB Security A/V Remote section of A/V Foot (right button) on-screen Switch connected to USB Turn and off Turn off and sound Stop action Select Access on-screen or switch aspect ratio