EPSON and Corporate Product Cartridge S020191 with and Scan America, Inc. Airport CA United States PH: FAX: The EPSON S020191 Cartridge Emergency Quick-Dry to Quality Information This formulation three light and that Emergency with or clothing. the of with and of reach of Health Effects: with Section Toxicology. with irritation, or redness. It expected to reaction. Section Toxicology. to Section Toxicology PIS S020191 (USA) of Release Product Information CAS and about Water
EPSON Section Toxicology Ingestion: First Measures Immediately with least with and clothing rewearing. physician Inhalation: to fresh physician necessary. and to Ingestion: Fighting Measures than C (closed with ASTM D3278) or Extinguishing Fighting fire fighting procedures other than breathing known. Release If to wipe-up then with cloth. closed of to the or protection clean-up. with and Precautions and of reach of and the high or of sunlight. with or insertion housing. and Protection Protection: when as Physical and Chemical of Formulation and Appearance: C than C than C PIS S020191 (USA) of Release
EPSON Greater than C (closed ASTM D3278) Autoflammability: Greater than C Relative Complete Solubility than Viscosity: and Reactivity Stable Stability: polymerization: products: and Incompatible Toxicology and Health inhalation, and oral Health of to of to and people and inhalation overexposure to tract or oral ingestion known Chronic Health Carcinogenicity: LD50 LD50 LC50 OSHA Regulated? Toxicity Not Not Applicable Established Information the of this the Considerations Used and RCRA should with and Transportation Information Not as DOT, IMO, or IATA Considerations NO U.S. DOT Class Regulated? NO U.S. OSHA Inhalation PIS S020191 (USA) of Release
EPSON Health Instability/Reactivity Other U.S., NFPA/HMIS Other Information This revised Product Information which U.S. Information and this This Product Information health, and information. It precautionary or and information which the The information contained to the of should as It to from to EPSON warrant the or of the information contained of and neighbors, EPSON and based Friendly based technology. EPSON CFCs or PIS S020191 (USA) of Release EPSON C