7000XB/5000XB EPSON November PM
November PM rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and tions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. CPD-5864 California, USA
November PM Information About 7000XB/5000XB Information WARNING: the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING: The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Remote Information You line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that If the properly, computer-based tation directly from the containing of the
November PM This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC tion of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes FCC United States
November PM Introduction The EPSON 7000XB and 5000XB lightweight that allow to and You to three PC or Apple such as VCR or You each If 7000XB, displayed XGA of The 5000XB displays SVGA of bright that easily light enough to
November PM Introduction built-in 3D Sound You when further amplification required. AVTSS Tracking and Synchronization from with of and easily. You through with switching and The as wireless to operations The ELP II software of to effective. features of VGA and SXGA 7000XB) or VGA and XGA 5000XB). what type of used, the of clarity. Both the 7000XB and 5000XB IBM and as as Apple Macintosh, and computers. The NTSC, PAL, or SECAM or
November PM the of Remote with of that to the the and To the of the this section summary of the features. The the to the and off, and to and switching. the to (with the ELP II software) and the You the to of electricity turning off the the the the turned off, conserving electricity, cooling the and the of the The buttons the the buttons and such as the tracking and the of
November PM Optional Introduction To of the EPSON the following Carrying the and its Carrying ELPKS06 Soft Carrying ELPKS07 Soft Carrying ELPKS08 and with ELPLP04 with and mount The allows wireless to Remote ELPST02 Communication and to MAC to to or to the to that ELP ELPKC04 MAC VGA-13WS ELPKC06 VGA-BNC ELPKC07 You purchase these from or EPSON Accessories
November PM About This Chapter instructions to and to or other optional the that apply to Chapter the to the and using the or the Chapter the to the to the and the of the and such as and Chapter the ELP II Software to the ELP II software to the and the Chapter to Chapter Troubleshooting, to lights and helpful information quality, and Chapter Technical Specifications, the technical specifications both the 7000XB and 5000XB About This
pro-int.fm November PM Instructions Introduction Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. only as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the or the near outlet where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to with these or fire. the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the It or to the
November PM the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in of through of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service or covers to and other the or when the and top of heat-producing or heated such as the from the and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service If it or the housing Instructions
November PM Where to Services World EPSON FTP EPSON Download Service Introduction EPSON through the following services: You helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON hours using and of the services below. From the reach If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. to
November PM EPSON CompuServe Automated Telephone Services EPSON FaxAdvice EPSON SoundAdvice of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach CompuServes America of EPSON introductory CompuServe membership, which to introductory credit and user ID and To of this offer the U.S. or and You technical information and selecting the option. You to EPSON FaxAdvice. to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON technical and information the installation, and of EPSON products. (U.S.), or A.M. to P.M., through Where to
November PM Introduction please the following information ready: Product Product of the You purchase and from EPSON (U.S. only). please If software with EPSON the that technical information.
November PM his chapter to and to other The connected to or such as VCR, or to the to both and or the or of the following: the to the as wireless or both The the or another such as to or PA to the
November PM the the these cover Remote AA (A/V) ELP II PC PS/2 the of these to the the the its or the
November PM Additional to the To (One usually with each To and To the to (One that If include To the to sound RCA-to-3.5 You from To the to or other You these items from You MicroSaver anti-theft the the right of the Unpacking the
November PM the the within of the or the the This the the the from the The the and the the the the the to the
November PM of the to the the other to grounded The indicated the light. Warning: the when the The might when This It that children the inches inches inches inches inches inches inches the right to the the distorted. from to the
November PM To the the off the cover as shown the AA included with the the polarity of the correct. the cover. TITLE EPSON AMERICA, INC. CA DATE DRAWN BY
November PM Connecting to the following and as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. the of You the to of VGA, VGA, XGA, or XGA including: IBM PC IBM PC Apple including and Apple with This includes and the section that to Connecting to
November PM Connecting to PC off the and they the the location of the to of the to the the Disconnect the from the the back of the and the other of the to the
November PM To the the the to the This when to the the the screws the The the PS/2 to the as and to the ELP II software and the Effects buttons the from to the PS/2 W. MOD> Connecting to
November PM the of the to the Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com of the PS/2 included with the to the the of the the PS/2 from the the back of and with the other of the PS/2 included with the If and the instead of the PS/2 shown the To the from PC the ELP II software or to the Effects buttons the of the to the the of the the other of the to the the back of You to ELP II software that to the screws to they fas- securely.
November PM the of the to the the the the other of the to the or sound the Connecting to
November PM Connecting to PC off the and they the the location of the to of the to the the the other of the to the the screws to they securely.
November PM the The the PS/2 to the as and to the ELP II software and the Effects buttons the to the the of the to the Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com connecting of the PS/2 included with the to the the of the PS/2 Connecting to
November PM the other of the PS/2 to the If and the instead of the PS/2 shown the To the from using the ELP II software or to the Effects buttons the of the to the the of the the other of the to the the back of You to ELP II software that to Tighten the screws the to they securely. to with
November PM the of the to the the the connecting the other of the to Connecting to
November PM Connecting to off the and they the the location of the to of the to the the connecting the cover and the DIP switches the with the to (such as inch
November PM the of the to the other of the Disconnect the from the the back of the and the (with attached) to the If with to the and the other to the If to or the the to the and the to the Tighten the screws both to they securely. Connecting to
November PM the The the to the as and to the ELP II software) from to the the of the to the Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com to the MAC to the the other of the MAC MAC
November PM Disconnect the from the ADB of the and the of the MAC to the If to the ELP II software, of the to the the of the the other of the to the PRINTER or MODEM the back of Tighten the screws both the of the to the the the connecting the other of the to Connecting to
November PM Connecting to to to the 7000XB or 5000XB off the and they the the location of the to of the to the the to
November PM the cover and the DIP switches the with the to (such as inch the of the to the other of the of the that with to the the back of the the other of the to the (with attached). the screws the to they securely. Connecting to
November PM Installation the The the to the as and to the ELP II software) to the the of the to the Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com connecting the MAC to the the other of the the of the MAC to the the back of the MAC MAC
November PM If to the ELP II software, of the to the the of the the other of the to the PRINTER or MODEM the back of the screws to they fas- securely. the W. MOD> of the to the the the the other of the to Connecting to
November PM Connecting to High-End Workstation Connecting to Source Although the 7000XB of of input to the leading workstations, this the 7000XB the the of workstation There workstation Those workstations that follow the SVGA and the HD15 The workstations 13W3 which ELPKC06). workstations the differently, the ELPKC06 switch to routing. information connecting workstation. You VCR, or other to The or RCA four-pin
November PM The 7000XB and 5000XB with You the to both and the the selects the as the To first the The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and and the that detected. Chapter that the then to type of The type of to the to the whether or the (A/V) with the the with or from Connecting to
November PM To to the Turn off the and they If round, (RCA) the that with the If round, to purchase the yellow RCA of the to the the other RCA to the of W. MOD> the other the to the of the the white the and the the the the other of the to the of the
November PM Connecting to or PA of the the the other the of Although the internal enough or the to or (PA) or to from the built-in function. To the to sound to RCA-to-3.5 You from Turn off the and or PA they Connecting to or PA
November PM the to the the RCA to the amplified or PA the the and the white the
November PM the his chapter the following information about using Turning the and off Focusing and positioning the the with the and the the of the
November PM About the The below the of foot foot release
Monday, November PM Turning the On and Turning the On and Allow about seconds Warning: the when the This It that the the and its attached the following (such as VCR), from or amplified or PA necessary) the Press the the or The If or attached, the or Turning the On and
November PM the to the The the flashes about seconds, and the to as the cools off. the cooled off, flashing and the to If the to the back while the there appears. electricity turning off the the the and only amount of the This electricity, cools the and the of the the the to or the cord.
November PM Focusing and Positioning the appears that and correctly the To the the (the the To the of the the (the the clockwise to the or counterclockwise to it Turning the On and
Monday, November PM the and the front of while the the This the foot and Dont the Dont the its This the the If to or the the or the foot the of the as follows: foot release While the Foot Release or the the correctly positioned. Release the Foot Release to the foot its the dial-shaped foot the of the the turning this foot clockwise to the height or counterclockwise to foot
Monday, November PM If input from the the to the Pressing the the input to the Press the while the the of input with to the or to Theres both the and The the of input from With to XGA the 7000XB, or to SVGA the 5000XB, choose from Either the the of the or the With greater than XGA the 7000XB, or SVGA the 5000XB, choose from Either of the or the The reduces the to the Turning the On and
Monday, November PM the the The with XGA the 7000XB, or with SVGA the 5000XB. Theres both the and You the the top of the or the to the following Turn or off Select the Switch input Access the of and or only) or the
November PM the Remote top The line-of-sight To the of the receivers located the front and back of the You the to about from the (This the You within from the front or The to commands these light too bright; type of light light (such as sunlight) the the Remote
November PM the receiver; or other (such as heater). Correct these to the or the from This the functions the Function Switches from to or the Switches and and from to the input to the the to the or the as when the connected to the with the ELP II Effects buttons to with the ELP II software. Top Acts as right click, selection, and selects other Acts as click, selection, and selects other Clears the of effects and switches to
November PM the Function Switches the and the following of input: VGA, SVGA and SXGA the 7000XB, and VGA and XGA the 5000XB. Custom Assigns to the Effects using ELP II. the or the off the or the You the to the instead of the and the features when the the Remote
November PM the The following the functions the Function or Switches from to Computer Switches and and from to or the arrows the graphic these buttons to that or or to items operations. right arrows Matches the internal clock to graphic these to with or to operations. selection. the input to the Switches the and the following of input: VGA, SVGA and SXGA the 7000XB, and VGA and XGA the 5000XB. off the
Monday, November PM serious Chapter Troubleshooting, what to warning light The and the top of the the operating Light Steady (The Steady and Flashing The Steady The too and turned off. Flashing There internal
Monday, November PM the Light Steady Projection Flashing The and replacing. flashing Flashing cooling Steady to Flashing with or supply.
November PM the to The the such as and when the the The the such as and when the such as VCR. The features, such as the tone and The to The Custom assigns functions to the Custom The to their factory
November PM Accessing the the The the or To the first the or the or then the The appears: Press the to the To Press the the or to the
November PM Press the or arrows or the top or of the to through the choices. and buttons
November PM the Press the or the top or to top such as the following appears. the or
November PM Computer) Press the or arrows or the top or of the to through the Press the or right arrow buttons or the right or of the to the finished the to the or RETURN and to back to the The automatically. The following this section: Computer) Custom The to to the The following options when the Computer.
November PM the The connected and operating, and the the to to these item Brightness or the Increase brightness to or to the the light and areas. Increase the to light and Decrease to the light and areas. with the from the this to or to from the Tracking the clock to graphic this to from the the of the input Select this item and then the or to the Then the or and buttons to Next, the or and right buttons to the selected Increase the the and the the or to to the Computer
November PM item Select this item and then the or to the Then the or and right buttons to the the the or to to the Mouse/Com and the Mouse/Com Select to the wireless to the connected to the Mouse/Com The wireless the connected to Mouse/Com the input switched to Select to the wireless to the connected to the Mouse/Com Selecting the to switch wireless whenever the input Computer items to their factory Select this item and then the or to the Next, and then the or to the If and then or the to clear the without and displays the
November PM the The to to the The following options when the The (such as VCR or connected and operating, and the the to to these item Brightness or the Increase brightness to or to the the of light and areas. Increase the to light and Decrease to the the lightest and of the Increase the and Decrease lighter and the of the Increase to (NTSC only) or to red. the Normally this should AUTO to the type of If selection reason, this to manually NTSC, PAL, or SECAM.
November PM item items to their factory Select this item and then or the to the Next, and then or the to the If and then or the to clear the without and displays the The to related to item the the and Increase the to the or to the the tone of the and Increase the tone to the or to the bass. the Normal sound input Normal: sound input More sound input
November PM the item items to their factory Select this item and then the or to the Next, and then the or to the If and then or the to clear the without and displays the The to that normally item Prompt Temporarily displays the to which or the Rear Projection Mirrors the its (left-right). Selecting ON while OFF off Turn this option when from
November PM item the whiteness of the The white, white, and white. To the precisely, the right arrow H, M, and to the This showing USER RED and USER BLUE. the and to the to and then the and right buttons or the to the selected high the selected within the while the Press the or or to clear the and to the Mirrors the its (top-bottom). Selecting ON while OFF off Turn this option when the from the the or displays the temporarily.
November PM Custom the item the switching to when the input switching Right from to right, and expands from to right. Left-Right: from to right, and expands from to right. from and expands from Selects the English, Spanish, and the of hours the used. The of this when the to the of its life. this the with as as and displays the The Custom allows to such as or effects. the other which the to option, the Custom that the Custom to Custom option. The Custom located the of the
November PM To the Custom the top or CUSTOM from the ZOOM highlighted and the PRESENT SET displayed to the below of the To PREVIEW or STROBE the function then the top The Custom item Function Press the and then the to the New or If the New the to the Each of the the of the Each of the top the of the reducing Press the Custom to the function. appears the right of the while the function the Custom The following functions while the function
November PM the item Function Press the to of the You the right, and to closely of the Press the and then the to the New or If the New the to the Press the Custom to the function. The function the Custom input with the or the button. Press the button, and then the to the New or If the New the to the Press the Custom to the function. The function the Custom The four each of which shows the from the input
November PM item Function of Press the top while the to specifying the number of flashed and the them. You specify the of as or and the from to and displays the Press the top to clear the
November PM the
November PM the ELP II Software ELP II software from or to and effects buttons the
November PM the Software Connecting the Software from the ELP II Software ELP II software with the following operating OS and OS the software, the properly connected to Chapter instructions about to the and to the II software. the following to the software the II (A: or B: as
November PM the the then The appears: A:\SETUP (or B:\SETUP as then or OK. The ELP II introduction appears. Press C to To the location where the software should C to directory and then C The II software with the the (COM) Specify which COM to then C to COM summary appears free to the software and If C to free then to You to the directory Press the Software
November PM the Software from the ELP II Software the following to the software: the II (A: or B: as Click Click the option. The appears: A:\SETUP (or B:\SETUP as then or OK The ELP II introduction appears. Press C to To the location where the software should C to directory and then C The II software with the the (COM) Specify which COM to then C to COM
November PM the Software from OS or OS summary appears free to the software and If C to free then the from You to the directory specified Press the following to the software the Macintosh: the II the Double-click the ELP The the ELP appears. Double-click the ELP and follow the instructions displayed. prompted that the completed, OK Then the to the Software
November PM the Software the Software the Remote Effects the ELP II Software Double-click the ELP II from the ELP II or OS ELP II or ELP II from the The ELP II appears the of Double-click the ELP II The ELP II appears. The ELP II software to: the Effects and features You assign to the Effects buttons them to operations, such as the or the The ELP II software when the and connected to the
November PM Function and The function the of the ELP II shows the functions assignment to Effects To assign the The below these functions and to them. To the Effects buttons, the ELP II software and the to the Function and straight the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the once to the the the Then the to the the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the once to the of of the the using the Then the to the of the other of the the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the once to the of of the the the Then the to the of the other of the the Software
November PM the ELP II Software Function and Creates or You this function to highlight of the with or Press the Effects assigned to this the the Press the to the or of the the Press the Effects assigned to this the to the where the to appear. Then the assigned Effects to the the Cursor Press the assigned Effects to the Clear Screen Clears Effects previously executed. Press the assigned Effects to clear the This useful when often to type of characters Press the assigned Effects to type the
Monday, November PM Functions There three to assign functions to each of the Effects buttons the and function from the function to the Effects to Click function the function the Effects to then Select the function from the function and then the Effects the the Software
November PM Effect the ELP II Software Once assigned to or Effects buttons, options each function. To to the following appears. (The options and which currently assigned to the Effects buttons.) Click the the function to then wish. To each the and then the to and each To the the right (If the as the and top buttons, respectively.) To the OK The the following the options each function.
Monday, November PM Function Specify the from to Specify whether to the to the corners of the of the of the Choose the Click this to the background text or through the the from to Choose the Click this to the background text or through the Click this to the with Specify the from to Choose the Click this to the background or through the Click this to the with Click this to round the corners of the Specify the from to Choose the Direction Choose or Click this to the background text or through the Click the to used. the Software
Monday, November PM the ELP II Software Function Click the to used. Cursor Clear options to characters, including such as Ctrl A, the field. The Backspace and recorded. Click the Clear to clear the assignment. Click the to than of assignments. Although of assignments, only active
November PM and Recalling Effects Assignments the COM Assignment To Effects assignments, To of assignments, and specify the To of assignments, its from the To of assignments from the its and then To without the If the COM when the software, or the COM to which the connected, the COM from the ELP II software. From the Option COM then choose COM from the the Software
November PM the the ELP II Software You the ELP II software to the following features: Double-click the ELP II from the or OS ELP II or ELP II from the The ELP II appears Double-click the ELP II The appears. From the The appears:
Monday, November PM the To basic of the below: Click the The following appears: On, Down, Brightness the Software
November PM the ELP II Software Click the the to or of the following Option Brightness screen brightness. the (synchronization) to Tracking to the and the of red, and the the currently selected. to their Option Brightness brightness. the the tint. (NTSC only)
Monday, November PM Option Selects the You AUTO, PAL, NTSC, or SECAM. AUTO the to the received. the currently selected. to their Sound Option sound sound Select of the following sound three sound: Normal sound expanded. sound further expanded to sound three-dimensional. sound expanded. to their the Software
Monday, November PM the ELP II Software Option Option To to when connected. Source Temporarily the Prompt which or the the used: Rear this when to the back of the to right. Mount this when the the the top to the should when the and appear from the top of the to the right. to Right and appear from the to the right. appear from the of the and to the the of hours the used. the currently selected. to their
Monday, November PM Custom Option the Function the from the connected the the selected the specified of and Count the of which to the the the seconds. the currently selected. to their the Software
Monday, November PM the the ELP II Software Click the The following appears: You when the to that the properly. Choose of the following: character-based from the specified. Either type the or Ref... to the the The should Click to the selected. Then
Monday, November PM the Property Click Property the The Property appears. Specify High white) red) the to the amount of and Specify and and Click to the selected. the Software
Monday, November PM the ELP II Software
November PM The should the and If other replacing, or service Warning: of the off the and the cord. cover the the and covers. the You should the clean or smears appear the You to clean the the of the to cool the and from overheating.
November PM Cleaning the Cleaning the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service Clean the whenever or the Lightly the with lint-free cloth. To or smears the cloth with alcohol-based and the To clean the first the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the to
November PM Cleaning the Clean the the of the hours of If cleaned it become with This overheating and the To clean the follow these Turn off the and the Turn the its right that the top and the easily. the with the the top from the housing. screwdriver, coin, or to screw, and the cover. Cleaning the
November PM the or EPSON the United States and Warning: the cool Also, the of the assembly. Touching the of the The attached to the of the cover. It recommended that and other office to the If cloth. If the to or the torn, or EPSON the United States and to The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The and red, flashing alternately) red. Turn off the and the Turn the the cover.
November PM screwdriver, or to the screws the cover. the screws off the cover. (You these screws. screwdriver, or to the screws holding the (You these screws.) the
November PM the and the Gently the lowering securely. Tighten the screws the cover and tighten the cover screws. the cover securely The off the cover
November PM Troubleshooting his chapter the indicated the warning lights and information to with the It the following with the this section the and to what the lights indicating. with the this section or the If the section and follow that apply to If of the the or EPSON as through
November PM with the Troubleshooting If with the first off and Then the back and the If this the the warning lights the top of the These lights to with The Projection The to replaced. the Chapter instructions.) Both Flashing The malfunctioning. service the following information what to when these warning lights or other with the
November PM The light flashing and the The cooling the light off and then the The light Turn off the that the connected securely both the and the and the or to or the light red. the as The light red. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cool then back nothing the The clogged. Clean it as Chapter and then the cool awhile. If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or internal service with the
November PM The and lights flashing the abnormality occurred the Turn off the and the cord. Then the back and the If nothing the service Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself. with the or Sound appear the of the displayed. Troubleshooting that the light and the off. Also the correctly, as Chapter The selected. Press the Source the or the to choose another If the higher than the the If the with this choose the the group. choose the Apple and then choose Monitors. the choose and or another selected. Displays
November PM You to existing created them software information. The NO SIGNAL displayed. connected to the selected, the output from the or the reaching the the securely attached to both the and the Then that the selected correctly. NO SIGNAL displayed, the displayed. The the the the The or of the or the Brightness and the If try the Tracking and the There or smears the Clean the as Chapter with the or Sound
November PM The of the right. There sound. Troubleshooting The incorrect. If the red, and the If the and (NTSC only) the First that the turned the and that the securely attached to both the and the The selected. Press the or the or to the
November PM Technical Specifications of Thin Transistor (TFT) of inches 7000XB: 5000XB: to inches to ANSI 7000XB: 5000XB: Projection to to
November PM Mechanical Height Technical Specifications 2W aspect ratio ratio hours brightness ELPLP04 inches inches with 7000XB: 5000XB:
November PM Rated Operation: to to C), supply 7000XB: to VAC, A, to VAC, A, 5000XB: to VAC, A, to VAC, A, Humidity Operation: to RH, to to C), to RH,
November PM Supported 5000XB Technical Specifications The 5000XB displays of To higher the to The following the the type IBM PC and VGA, VESA, EGA IBM PC CGA, SVGA, XGA, VGA Text, PC Apple and TV PAL, SECAM, NTSC The of allow the to displayed correctly. This with graphic and boards only.
November PM 7000XB The 7000XB displays of To higher the to The following the the type IBM PC and VGA, VESA, EGA IBM PC CGA, SVGA, XGA. SXGA, PC Apple and TV PAL, SECAM, NTSC The of allow the to correctly. This with graphic and boards only.
November PM and assignments Technical Specifications The and RGB, The assignments (ID GND GND GND GND GND GND GND GND GND Synchronous GND (ID SDA
November PM Brightness. The of light and type of that and synchronization information Contrast. of the tonal the highlights and of high-contrast light bright and with relatively of white and NTSC. the National NTSC North and PAL (Phase New Zealand, and of Africa.
November PM of or One inch. of the amount of measured inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. RGB. type of that as of red, and type of S-VHS It and separately. SECAM TV Eastern and of Africa. power-saving which the turned off when the amount of the XGA. Graphics SXGA higher than XGA. VGA. Graphics high-resolution that of XGA. Graphics XGA higher than VGA.