EPSON
the and from the the the off the and the other items and The about and should with the Press the the to the cover. CAUTION: the the to light than necessary.
While holding the to the toner evenly. the clean, the the of the the clear the with firm, as shown.
the the the each of the the the it the Gently the cover clicks CAUTION: the with the
Loading of and the the cover located the top front of the the the to match the of the of to sheets) the that the the too tightly. the cover. the the top of the cover to match the of the the the as from the To of such as heavy or feed through the Chapter Reference
Attaching the the switch the top right of the turned off. the the back of the Then the other properly grounded the Turn the Several appear as the internal tests. about seconds, the READY appears. Press the LEVEL to SelecType Press Press to to the the the EXIT to SelecType. I FEATURE PRINT appears the holding the the
Connecting the to the You to three the ActionLaser to the If than the Reference To (factory (built-in the ActionLaser only), or optional interface, follow these information optional interface boards, Chapter the Reference both the and the off. properly shielded interface to the interface should the twisted-pair type. the other of the the interface the of the of the slightly. Then the of the the and the of the the clicks this with the and the back
If to or optional interface, to of the the SelecType INTERFACE option Chapter of the Reference Testing the To properly connected to the follow these with software: Turn then Bring DOS such If C A:> or B:> appear. DIR and The shows directory of the the Press the Screen once. (On to or Ctrl with Press ON LINE to off Then the FEED to the the The what If nothing or the what the that the connected securely to both the and the and that the interface.
software Choosing the HP III LQ, FX, and GL/2 the ActionLaser HP IIP (LJ-2P), LQ, and FX the ActionLaser The HP the the of features If to already or to that HP to choose To the EMULATION Chapter SelecType, the Reference selection choose the to to each of the choosing from the selection the HP of the following from softwares selection HP HP IIIP HP III HP IIP HP II HP HP HP ActionLaser only
If of the listed, that the HP Command (PCL). the GL/2 the ActionLaser graphic the HP GL/2 commands or HP GL commands. the Reference the LQ or FX of the following: LQ-2500 LQ-1050/850 LQ-500/510 LQ-1000/800 (expanded ESC/P LQ-1500 (with ROM) LQ choose from selection of that software the This the of the software that the and the other selections that the If the of the from of correctly, selecting of the other from the or the software to whether the of their information, the With Software Chapter of the Reference FX-1050/850 FX-1000/800 FX-85 FX-80
the The to the complexity of If become the SelecType TONER option to toner the count the the (empty) and the Each to of the toner capacity. only the SelecType TONER indicating that there than toner should the Turn the WARNING: the which with CAUTION HOT SURFACE If the when the off, the TONER SelecType when the and this section.
Gently the cover and the of the with nonburnable items. While holding the to the toner evenly. CAUTION: the the to light than necessary.
the clean, the the of the the clear the with firm, as shown. the the the each of the the the the the cover
Next the TONER Three rotation the Press RESET to the TONER to Gently the cover clicks Please If the when than toner the three rotating appear. COVER OPEN E** or appears. the SelecType TONER option to the TONER to If the TONER to the the TONER the amount of toner NEW CARTRIDGE? appears the toner Each the should to the satisfactory and that the properly. this NEW CARTRIDGE? YES, PRESS RESET NO, PRESS CONTINUE.
or the and the FE JAY or PAPER JAM appears, follow these the cover. the the with sheets that the If the caught the If the tears when or the caught the feed the To this, the cover. the Then from the feed path, the and the cover. the toner the the the toner off when the If toner clothing, off with the first slightly smeared with the of the and the or sheets.) the cover. The reprinted. If the to clear the CONTINUE. WARNING: If the cover the which CAUTION HOT SURFACE to the