LQ-510/1010 EPSON
This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or Inc., the authority to the FOR CANADIAN USERS This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information While the of this Inc. responsibility or Neither from the of information America, Inc. from the of options other than those as Products Corporation. and ESC/P of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective Copyright Inc. California FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning, this this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat This should built-in This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding-type third (grounding) This grounding-type This If to the the to the of the grounding-type this where the
If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the of this through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or or B. If the C. If the to or D. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions, of other and often to the to operation. E. If the or the F. If the performance, indicating service.
Introduction The LQ-510 and LQ-1010 combining and high performance with of features. to the high-quality and ease of to from printers, the LQ-510 and LQ-1010 offer the following features: featuring single-sheet with the ESC/P commands the LQ-500, LQ-800, LQ-850, LQ-950, LQ-1000, LQ-1050, LQ-1500, LQ-2500, and LQ-2550. of to characters (characters inch). that allows selection of character as as choice of or The which allows of sheets of without the with tear-off, and allows easy and built-in Quality high-quality OCR-B, OCR-A, Orator-S inch graphics Introduction
Introduction that allows to the or to finely the and tear- off international character character and graphics character The to of types, including and The LQ-510 and LQ-1010 basically the the of their The LQ-510 that to of inches. The LQ-1010 that to of inches. Throughout this the LQ-510 to as the and the LQ-1010 to as the of options with information and these options, Chapter To or purchase options or Accessories, Inc. Ribbon Cartridge optional with higher than the ribbon. Introduction
(C806122/C806242) The to single-sheet easily and efficiently. to of the without reloading. Tractor Unit (C800062/C800142) This option the performance of It with Introduction Introduction
Introduction Interface Boards Optional interface boards to the built-in interface. choosing the right interface and instructions the boards Chapter About This This illustrated, instructions and operating around Chapter information testing, and the to and follow these instructions first. the back of this of the which of the identified. and cover and operation. This information the operation of Introduction
Chapter to the from It includes the of software commands, graphics, and creating characters. Chapter useful summary of commands. If the properly or the what Chapter troubleshooting instructions. Other and the information and specifications. You of terms. At the back of this Reference that the information to The of the this the Whenever necessary, included to the and Notes WARNINGS to CAUTIONS to to Notes information and the of Introduction Introduction
Introduction Where to of authorized and Customer throughout the United States offers and service products. America information and to its and Customer Therefore, that the business where purchased to If the people there the to they through that this with the the Consumer Information the following: The location of the The location of the Customer To or purchase or Introduction
Chapter the the Checking the the Protective Choosing the Assembling the the the Ribbon Cartridge. Attaching the Testing the the the Connecting the to The Interface Application Software the
the This section to Checking the the that the shown below and that the the to the
Removing the Protective The protected of white Also, the protected locking which the CAUTION: turning the absolutely the locking Turning the while the attached seriously the Follow these to the protective the cover. the of white At this the completely unpacked. the
Unpacking the To the locking the and the the locking the with the other to the
Choosing the There things to when selecting to the following the such as counter or the and overheating. the enough to the the to reach. around the to allow easy and and flow of around the grounded locations that to sunlight, heat, or switches or timers. interruption of information both and memory. outlets that with or this the from of interference such as or the of telephones. the
The below shows location. these and The should to least the of the that the of than from With If supply below the there clearance to the from catching the of the Also, the the enough the that they with feeding. If the to the the
Assembling the the to the to the the The to feed the manually the of or other feeding The the white the the the and the the
the fits the CAUTION: the to the of the This with the and the Ribbon Cartridge easy and the the turned off. the as follows. the
the head to the of the CAUTION: the head while the turned this the Also, the the head cool touching Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow. This the and it to the Assembling the
Assembling the On the the cover. (On the already the when the locking the its and the the Press lightly both of the to the properly seated. the
pointed such as to the the head and while the ribbon-tightening to feed the the head from to to smoothly. that the twisted or creased. the
Assembling the On the the cover. The On the the notches of the the of the then the the
Press both of the to Attaching the sheets, the to the smoothly and efficiently the the the following the the the
the To the slightly to release from its then the the the the cover the notches the front of the and the cover back the
Testing the that assembled, its built-in function to that the correctly to You should this to that and that the correctly the to the to outlet and sheet of the that the turned off. the properly grounded the The the or Quality which as the the
The inches the and inches the CAUTION: the that than inches the or inches the This the head from directly the which the head. Although the with of the off. the release back to the the
While holding the LINE FEED or FORM FEED Quality the The and POWER and PAPER OUT lights the that to the the right to match the of the
Next, sheet of the about seconds, the the and then the If the without the the ON LINE to the off Then the and firmly. of DIP switch first, of characters. The the or the ON LINE the
to the the ON LINE If the loaded, the LOAD/EJECT or LINE FEED to Then off the CAUTION turning the off, least seconds turning it back Turning the and off the the
Testing the of typical Quality Country/Graphic SW1-1 U.S.A/United States off off off off off off off off off off off off SW1-4 off off off off A4 o 0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLM /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNO /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNO /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQ /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQR using the optional the first of the slightly The Chapter the Graphics SW1-6 Tear off LF
If the properly, the and the head that and from the Chapter Troubleshooting, other and If the the correctly, or the Consumer Information Where to the Testing the
Connecting the to If the correctly, ready to the to If interface and shielded should to immediately. The below to the interface If another type of interface, to optional interface board. Interface Boards Chapter If which type of interface required, The Interface the interface as below: that both and turned off. the securely the the
the together they of the If ground wire, to the ground screw beneath the interface the
Connecting the to the other of the the If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the
Application Software that and tested the should that with specify the type of using that the of the features. of these or that of to choose from. If selection the instructions below. Choosing From the family of commands, its selection If the choose of the following They of preference. LQ-2550 LQ-2500 LQ-850 (LQ-1050) LQ-500 LQ-800 (LQ-1000) LQ-1500 If of the listed, the first the following LQ, EX, FX, LX, RX, MX, To of the of the however, to with its If the the software to that the
Chapter Selecting Loading Continuous Positioning Supply. Loading Switching Continuous and Switching to Switching to Continuous The Thickness
Selecting The release the and the three with the of feeding. the release to match the feeding
The from the or from the optional the should the back. Continuous feed with the built-in tractor, the should the the and the the tractor position-wide only: with the optional tractor, the should the the when the built-in the the to this this the optional tractor. On the the release the whether the from the built-in or the optional tractor. Selecting
The sheets with of inches to inches The with of inches to inches If of sheets, to the optional This option and to Chapter Loading the release back to the Turn the (The POWER light should turning the
the that to the (You to this the of the right to match the of
the the about seconds, the the and ON LINE that from CAUTION: the the while the turned If the without the the ON LINE to the off Then the and firmly. You ready to
of than using sheets of the when reaches the of the this the ON LINE light off or software. If the ON LINE light the first thing should the ON LINE to the off Once the ON light off, the that necessary, the LOAD/EJECT to the and Press the ON LINE button to the and follow from software.
Continuous The built easy to and Its low-profile and to inches the and to inches the Positioning smooth and trouble-free feeding the of supply. Three of positioning and supply shown below. to the supply with the the tractor that the smoothly the Loading Continuous that the turned off, then the
the release to the On the this the On the this the
Continuous Release the the as shown below. the one-half inch from the farthest Press the back to
the right that roughly matches the of the the Continuous
both covers. that clean, straight the
the first three the the of both the covers.
Continuous the right to where the straight and Then the Then the to the of the as shown.
Turn the It because there the Then the LOAD/EJECT to to the Press the ON LINE to the that The the and each to the If to the the the Loading Chapter CAUTION: the the and the while the turned the and perforation the necessary. Chapter Continuous
Switching and with the easily switch to single-sheet without the from the tractor. Switching to To switch from to the and then back the of the Follow the below. If the the ON LINE to the off Tear off outgoing If the of the reached the tear-off to the FORM FEED to to where easily
CAUTION: tear off the LOAD/EJECT This than inches or Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the of the and the The attached to the tractor the path. Pressing the LOAD/EJECT once the back enough to reach the If the PAPER OUT light to the With normal-width the LOAD/EJECT to three If, however, using and inches or and should the LOAD/EJECT once. Also, this to
Switching Continuous and CAUTION: through the easily off the and the the release back to the the upright and the to roughly match the of
of the it the to match the of about seconds, the the and ON LINE that from If the without the the ON LINE to the off Then the and firmly. Switching to It easy to switch back to with switching to that the and the off Switching and
the they with feeding. the the
On the the release to the On the the release to the feeding.
Switching Continuous and Press the LOAD/EJECT to the to the Press the ON LINE to the that
to and of types, including and of to the thickness CAUTION: or that the within the and should than one-half inch from of the information the this chapter. The Thickness To thicknesses of the with thickness that to or These the to the To the thickness follow these that the turned off. Then the cover. WARNING: If the the head Allow to cool touching
the head to the of the Select the thickness to the the the should to the If the optional the thickness to
sheets or with or Thin 3-sheet the to or higher, the reduced. the cover. or
To the of the thickness the MULTI-PART light the the to or higher. CAUTION: the to when back to ordinary Continuous with the higher than the of the head. the of or thicker-than-normal the head. With the built-in You that to three including the the thickness to the the thickness the as Loading Continuous this chapter. and the Loading Chapter
CAUTION: with the feeding or the optional If to mounted with with tractor. to as You the that that the thickness Loading Continuous earlier this chapter. the thickness The Thickness this chapter.
You individually the single-sheet the of the thickness The Thickness earlier this chapter. CAUTION: through the easily off the and the Therefore, the LOAD/EJECT to Also, the tear-off function with to DIP switch to off.) If become the or the Consumer Information Where to to and humidity, them operating Dont the they around the and when
manually feeding to slightly while the LOAD/EJECT to to feed properly. CAUTION: The shown the The head the or right of the or other thick that the of the within this
inch Envelope (40F to 95F or 5C to 35C). To that the fits within the of inch inch
Chapter the the Selecting Character Fonts the DIP Switches. DIP Switch The DIP Switch The DIP Switch Functions Perforation the Loading Short Tear-off the Tear-off Selecting International Character Choosing Character the the
the The lights the of the The and of the Lights the MULTI-PART On when the thickness to or higher. this light the function used. POWER On when the POWER switch and supplied. READY On when the ready to input PAPER OUT (red) On when the of or when the ON LINE On when the and ready to
ONLINE This the and off Press this to the or to off the the ON LINE light and the and from the FORMFEED the off this to of or to to the top of the LINE FEED the off this to the or it to the continuously. LOAD/EJECT This to to the or to that already loaded. the release to the single-sheet and of the path) the release to the the
SelecType the FONT Press this to The lights the selected Selecting this chapter. CONDENSED Press this to the and off. The light when the the the characters of their
Other The of to Both and Quality function built the The the DIP switch and operating of the You the holding the LINE FEED or the FORM FEED while turning the Testing the Chapter information. the FORM FEED immediately holding both the LINE FEED and the FORM FEED buttons while switch the the This allows advanced to the of the and the information. or when tear-off, to the and tear-off These while the MULTI-PART light the Loading and Short Tear-off this chapter. the
Selecting You of selecting character and other from the SelecType or software commands. This section the SelecType. To software commands, the Command Summary Chapter You the SelecType section of the to choose and lights which chosen. The using the SelecType off, or the commands from temporarily the SelecType to These with software commands. these commands SelecType should the options instead of SelecType to If SelecType with software instructions selecting Character Fonts built-in OCR-A, OCR-B, and Orator-S. of the from the SelecType of the front the
the FONT button, the through of the built-in The lights the selected the light off. the light the light You the software ESC to the other built-in ESC OCR-A ESC of these the lights the OTHER the Command Chapter software commands. SelecType DRAFT OMAN SANS SERIF COURIER PRESTIGE SCRIPT OCR-B ORATOR OTHER FONT the
The following the character each DRAFT the
OCR-B OCR-A The OCR-B and OCR-A character known as or input another such as and character the
Orator-S The character high-speed which rough and The other Quality (LQ) Quality to characters You the to the of characters. the characters of the of characters. Hence, spreadsheets and other where to the amount of information You the with and To the the CONDENSED that the light To off the the The following and with and The and the This CPI This CPI This CPI This CPI the
the DIP Switches The of DIP switches located the the of these switches, features, such as the character and length. The become effective when the turned or initialized. DIP switch shown the DIP switch this section. of the DIP switch follow the DIP Switch To DIP switch follow these Turn off the the DIP switch cover and pointed such as to the DIP switch DIP switch when it and off when The DIP switch when the turned the
The DIP Switch The below the each DIP switch. The where the DIP switch SW International character Graphics character on/off Character on/off DIP switch SW ON OFF Not On Tear-off 1-inch perforation On feed On KB* KB Unidirect. Graphics Character of characters. the OFF ON and Normal Graphics Italics On
Table International character Country SW SW SW SW USA ON ON ON OFF UK OFF ON OFF OFF Graphics character Graphics character SW SW SW PC (United States) Graphics ON ON ON PC ON ON OFF PC ON OFF ON PC (Canada-French) ON OFF OFF PC OFF ON ON The graphics character Table selection SW SW inches OFF OFF inches ON OFF OFF ON inches ON ON OFF ON ON OFF ON OFF OFF ON ON OFF OFF OFF OFF OFF ON ON OFF OFF ON OFF OFF OFF OFF OFF Table Character Character SW SW OFF OFF ON OFF OFF ON ON ON SW-17 ON ON ON ON ON the
The DIP Switch Functions (DIP switch each (CR) (LF). The input from If to free other while the the of switch to KB using characters, however, to the input to KB (off). With the head only. This allows graphics such as and boxes. With bidirectional the head both This than DIP switch off, the unidirectionally; when the bidirectionally. Either software (ESC U). To without the caused of bidirectional Tear-off DIP switch the tear-off This to the tear-off and then the to the Short Tear-off this chapter. the CAUTION: the tear-off with
You of four using DIP switches and SW SW inches OFF ON inches OFF OFF ON inches ON inches ON OFF to the to match the Other using the commands ESC C and ESC C the Command Summary Chapter If the the when the The Chapter the
Perforation the of DIP switch perforation to or off. If this when one-inch the and the first the This top and If correctly, of the the of and the top of the as shown the following DIP switch ON perforation ON) 456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]^_ of top and perforation only these The perforation to other than inch using the ESC command. the Command Summary Chapter the 23456789:;<=>?@'ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]' <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]^_
the Loading The the of the when the This where the the If the too high or too the the the the section. CAUTION: the to of or other feeding (If to the the off.) If to the the the the this it turned off, and as reference feeding The the 1/180-inch to to the Once to the of the that turned off. to the of single-sheet however, the this the turned off. the turned back the to its factory that the turned and that or loaded. the
Press the ON LINE The MULTI-PART light to You the FORM FEED and LINE FEED buttons while the MULTI-PART light Press the FORM FEED to the or the LINE FEED to the backward. the reaches the factory-set the and feeding You this factory as reference when the the reaches the or top the and the the MULTI- PART
Short Tear-off finished the tear-off the perforation of the to the tear-off of the cover that tear off the the to the This the normally To this DIP switch to Then the You the tear-off turned (DIP switch when sheets. the release to the singlesheet the tear-off CAUTION: tear-off with off their and the finished and the perforation the top of the the perforation of the to the tear-off of the cover. You then tear off the using the tear-off as shown the the
If the perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off as below. Short tear-off whenever the of or feed, and three seconds. tearing off the the to the the Tear-off If the perforation the tear-off follow these to the tear-off the the to the tear-off the the
The MULTI-PART light should indicating that the to to the tear-off To to the tear-off the FORM FEED to the or the LINE FEED to backward. You tear off from the perforation and The this tear-off the turned off. the
Selecting International Character International character with the characters and other You of international character the DIP switch the turned or initialized, the character selected the DIP switches becomes the character To international character DIP switches and to the below. DIP switch off. To international character when DIP switch the ESC command. This shows the characters that each international character ASCII DIP SW Country U.S.A. U.K. To the of DIP switch, first off the the DIP switch and then the back the 5C 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E ON ON ON ON OFF ON ON OFF ON ON OFF OFF OFF ON ON OFF ON OFF OFF OFF ON OFF OFF OFF
to the character shown the the international character that follow selected with software command, ESC information, the Command Summary ASCII Country Norway II II America 5B 5C 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E the
Choosing Character DIP switch selects the character or graphics character The graphics character international characters, characters, mathematic and character graphics corners, and areas. If IBM or graphics character when to character graphics as they the graphics character ordinary text and software or the of the ESC the Command Summary, graphics character the selection. To the or graphics character DIP switch to the below. Character DIP SW Italics Graphics To the of DIP switch, first off the the DIP switch, and then the back You the character or graphics character using the ESC command. the Command Summary Chapter the OFF ON
DIP switch the graphics character the of DIP switches, and Character SW SW SW PC (United States) Graphics ON ON ON PC ON ON OFF PC ON OFF ON PC ON OFF OFF PC OFF ON ON The graphics character of the character and the graphics character shown the DIP switch off, DIP switches and international character the
the The that easy users to the of the and The of the reaching the To the follow these the with or least inches If the switch off, then the FORM FEED and LINE FEED buttons the the the
that the to or the to the as shown below. to the to the off o C o o On the of the the On the right of the characters printed, and others, such as To off the the off off the the characters the text field the right of the with the of which to the To the the first three the of the the T. the of the the right of the and the The chart below the first Command 1B40 ESC 1B5200 ESC 1B7401 ESC Function Select USA character PC Graphics) the
Chapter Software and Graphics Character Spacing Character Effects and Emphasis. Graphics.. The Head. The Graphics Command Reservation Graphics Graphics. Characters. Characters Characters Information to Characters Copying ROM Characters to RAM. Quality Characters, Mixing Software and Graphics
Enhancing You of effects with from the of characters inch to selected and phrases. This section of the with software. software of these features, the instructions or their commands the Command Summary Chapter Character Spacing To to the three spacings, as as Each selected with software command. each of the built-in choose character of or characters inch, or spacing. The below the three spacings: This This This shown characters about two-thirds the height of and characters. This when to from the each character the amount of The of characters, however, from character to character. than W. The of each character the Software and Graphics
The following with spacing: This the the and Character commands Chapter Character to the spacings and the offers three other that the of These double-width, double-height, and condensed. The the of character, while the double-height the height of character. These titles and headings usually of These combined to This o This double-height, This double-width and double-height. Software and Graphics
Both and reduced to about of their using the This useful spreadsheets because allows to to characters 8-inch The selected with software command, or using SelecType Chapter the with SelecType, off with software command. characters characters or the characters or the to the and the of characters to the character the and Character commands Effects and The offers of text and allows to and These features directly software commands. of these effects. Emphasized and Emphasized and and phrases each character as the head the with the the slightly to the right of the first This characters. Software and Graphics
the head each the text and combined. The following the these and combination. This ROMAN This ROMAN, emphasized. This ROMAN, This ROMAN, with both. the ESC and ESC commands Chapter You the ESC software Chapter This DIP switch This ROMAN strike-through, and The strike-through, and highlighting selected This to and without You choose from of including or the ESC Chapter information. This This Software and Graphics
and and footnote and mathematical formulas. The below shows and mathematical the ESC S0 and ESC S1 commands and The outline and and to text that to such as headings. The following the and individually, of with o o o o the ESC command Chapter Software and Graphics
Graphics The graphics allows to charts, or other The and to graphics to graphics With such to and the this and the software instructions. If software that graphics, to about graphics to the software. The of the this On the other hand, to or to this graphics, Software and Graphics
The Head To graphics to about head The head the head the the to fire. Each the and the the head the fire numbers, and the each other both and vertically Quality to the Instead, the and to of the to vertically, the the head than the of the the of that the that of The head to graphics, as as text graphic the about the that newspapers and printed. If Software and Graphics
closely newspaper photograph, that of thousands of its with of as as inch and inch vertically. The this therefore, as finely as the the of this section. Twenty-four-pin graphics The graphics that of this head graphics. This this with of them, to inch the head the of inch instructions about which of its to fire. At each fire of from to This that the of information each the of information with the three of information each To the which to fire each first each of the three sections of each and each section separately. there of the each section, that allows to to specify which of the This shown below. Software and Graphics
To fire its to the To fire than the the of the and the these the fire the top To fire the If to fire the top and and and the together, fire of Below three of to the that fire of With this of the to and and duplicated. there each each of the three sections each this of and graphics inch, of graphics inch numbers. Fortunately, graphics software to these these graphics however, to know the of the graphics command. Software and Graphics
The Graphics Command The graphics from the other commands the of the other such as and double-width, ESC the and another off. graphics, the command the that graphics the this the that follow as and them the that allows to of the graphics The of the command this command, selects the graphics option and and the of to graphics. The graphics options below. Option High-speed CRT CRT II CRT III Hex-density* this ESC* Software and Graphics
Reservation The graphics command than to specify to thousands of the than Therefore the graphics numbers, and To and the of The the the numbers, supply than the of and to of graphics should and should The the of specified and as graphics what they This that to supply enough of graphics or the and and to locked. If, the other hand, too graphics the and as Graphics This first to the graphics command, reservation numbers, and BASIC Software and Graphics
and the following to include both The the below. WIDTH "LPT1:",255 LPRINT CHR$(27)"*"CHR$(32)CHR$(40)CHR$(0); FOR X=1 TO LPRINT CHR$(170); NEXT selects graphics and graphics. graphics three of each to supply of the which the first shown the section and the Graphics With what know the of graphicscalculating the to the graphic While this the tedious, graphics. It graphic that Software and Graphics
The below shows to where to printed. This of graphics each of graphics of inch high and graphics inch this about of inch high and than of inch The that the the of of that each other both vertically and The reason the each that of the the they cover each other. Therefore, that each the of and the actually the assigned of the to then the each of These the that to the as graphics to the Software and Graphics
Below the three sections to the At the of each section of each the of the that section. This the of necessary to this The BASIC that the shown the that the through the that the of each section the The WIDTH IBM PC BASIC; the WIDTH Software and Graphics
WIDTH "LPT1:",255 LPRINT CHR$(27)"*"CHR$(39)CHR$(42)CHR$(0); FOR X=1 TO READ IN LPRINT CHR$(N); NEXT LPRINT DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA this assigns the graphics option with the of through of bytes) each through the that below. Notice that the This the triple-density, graphics option the the inch) both the following to the the to as shown below. FOR C=1 TO RESTORE NEXT C Software and Graphics
Characters With this to and characters of You or typeface, characters as mathematical or or graphic with characters to as building of typefaces created with the character function. To characters, turn DIP switch off. You the of characters software that creating characters or with of characters already created. Also, software of the character function to (These characters characters The ASCII characters the Memory (ROM), and the characters the Access Memory (RAM). Characters characters graphics the instructions where each printed. fact, character graphics Software and Graphics
To character that highone each the head. The of the character the character characters, the Quality and characters The both Quality and characters closely together than those characters. The below the The the height, the top of The the those with (the of such as and The usually The the right Quality or characters. Quality the Software and Graphics
There characters. the This that there both to the and right of each that This Quality, and Characters The first characters to the as them to The shown the the graphics section, to each the below, with character the created to the to Every assigned (which of first three of Each of which consists of Hence, Software and Graphics Characters
Characters The within each of and the of the that the (with of the top of the and the least (with of the The shows to this to the the character this On the of the the the The of each the of the which appear. The right of the shows the whole character with the three each indicated the This the written BASIC and everyone with The to however, the that with Software and Graphics
You to character and the to The character this information to Information to The characters the Quality, or that the currently It records whether or turned This that to character the turned when the character. The command to characters of the its The of the command this: The ESC enough. The allows At this ASCII You characters with command. The and the ASCII of the first and characters If character, and the You and and to which the Also, instead of ASCII and characters memory, DIP switch to KB (off) downloading these characters. ESC Software and Graphics Characters
Characters to specify and instance, to the characters through Z, would ASCII (or and would ASCII (or the ESC AZ (followed the would the of Following the of the of characters to this three bytes, and that the of the character and the around The specified and the right specified The the of of that to the character. the of the character and the around characters that The below shows the these bytes. Quality Quality The of the command to characters the that the each character. three to the of to follow Software and Graphics
This of character should this clear: LPRINT CHR$(27)"X0" LPRINT CHR$(27)"&"CHR$(0); LPRINT LPRINT CHR$(1)CHR$(9)CHR$(1); FOR I=1 TO READ A: LPRINT CHR$(A); NEXT LPRINT LPRINT CHR$(27)"%"CHR$(1); LPRINT LPRINT CHR$(27)"%"CHR$(0); LPRINT END DATA DATA DATA the ESC selects The character The and the of characters this of and The information about the character (which the DATA the of the to the the and Quality or characters, WIDTH to and from with Software and Graphics
Characters Characters If the previous arrow and the RAM location ASCII the You three-line of The first and third and the The the arrow that the to the below. both of characters (the from the characters ROM that the normally and the character the The to switch the and It If to the ROM character selected (this the If to the character selected. If the character characters, the and the ROM characters You switch character the of To try this, the of and the Software and Graphics ESC
Copying ROM Characters to RAM the the character and to other characters, the that arrow. other characters the RAM, there nothing to Other characters to the as as they to of the characters to needs-the of the as to switch back and forth, the character and character It however, rather Therefore, that allows to of the characters from ROM to the character The as follows, where the of the family: This characters already created. You this to the characters. If this the of then characters and the with the as character You to switch back and forth Software and Graphics Characters
Quality Characters If Quality with the ESC command, characters to of the Quality/Proportional The together than (the of inch as to of inch characters). characters Selecting the character characters of the highest Characters of the Quality/Proportional that Quality and as There both to the and right of each that and You and characters. as Quality characters when the Quality selected, and characters created when or selected. These characters as or The characters exactly the their The these characters and characters that and characters They of high. Their shown the below. Quality Software and Graphics
and characters when them of each of these characters shown the below. Mixing of the three character Quality, and with of instance, with characters. The characters to this Mixing the three of character and characters, then and the first character type of character RAM If characters then switch to another and the character the and nothing printed. The character however, If switch back to the which they then and them. Quality Software and Graphics and
that characters RAM, which memory. the turned off or the with the INIT the characters this each BASIC loaded.) Software and Graphics
Chapter the The Sheet Testing the the the Switching the and PushTractor Removing the The Tractor the Tractor. The Interface Choosing Interface. Compatible Interfaces. New Interface. the
The The optional (C806122/C806242) to single-sheet easily and efficiently. to sheets of the without reloading. the following the instructions its accompanying that the off. Then the and cover. the
the clear of the cover from the cover the each the clear included with the to the cover. the
The that the release the to the back. the slightly to the notches the of the the the the back top of the the
the cover. Turn the DIP switch to Turn the the The
that the turned with DIP switch the the the and to allow the
the to where the fin the with the arrow the Next, the right that roughly matches the of of and as shown. This the from sticking and that the and of the to the the
The Sheet typewriter If to with or textured using to or the the of the with the of the Then the right the firmly, tightly that the to the and freely. the back they and the the the
Testing the the the the counts the of the shown the following the of counted the of the first This the This however, software commands. the the as when the off. The below the that inches the and inches the the The
that the off and of the that the selected and the release to the back While the LINE FEED the LQ the FORM FEED instead of the LINE FEED of the of the shown below. The of the to the Chapter the
The the or the ON LINE To the the ON LINE To the when loaded, the LOAD/EJECT to the Then off the the the the and that the ON LINE light the of whenever character or feed to the CAUTION: If there the the FORM FEED or the LOAD/EJECT and to the the
The Sheet the and from the the first automatically. as necessary. the the PAPER OUT light while of the the specified empty, the off the PAPER OUT light and the sounds. To and the ON LINE If off the the or the single-sheet This it allows to switch to type or of only) without the of Press the ON LINE to the off the to with the the Then the sheet the S-12 the
Press the LOAD/EJECT to the the The
the To the manually from the when the the first that the off LINE FEED FORM FEED LOAD/EJECT software The following commands the to the the without the FF: ESC EM R: Ejects the The ESC EM software command to the operation of the information about this command, the Command Summary Chapter the there the this to the or to the continuously. there the this to from the there the this to the there the this to the from the there the this to the
If the reaches the of the when of the following feed commands used, the the and the loaded. LF: VT: ESC J: feed; the of inch Software effective while the off that the to the using software commands. Switching the and Tractor The switch easily the sheet and tractor-feeding without to the or the supply. the already and the Next, the ON LINE to the off feed; the the to the the
The If sheets the the LOAD/EJECT to the the release to the You to the DIP switch the
On the the release to the Press the LOAD/EJECT to the The
Press the ON LINE to the that the first the cover the perforation the the cover. the
It to the with the tractor that the smoothly the Switching back to the It easy to switch back to using the Press the ON LINE to the off the The Sheet
The Sheet Press the FORM FEED to Tear off sheets. the CAUTION: To the FORM FEED only. the LOAD/EJECT this the backward.
Press the LOAD/EJECT feed the of the and the CAUTION: the LOAD/EJECT than This the The
The the release back to the sheet Press the ON LINE to the Removing the Turn off the and the and the cover. the
the back. Release its notches from the and then and the DIP switch to off (to off the the clear of the cover with the clear that originally the cover. of the completed. to the its and the
The Tractor The optional tractor (C800062/C800142) The tractor with and the tractor with the built-in as this section. Turn off the and the cover and On the the cover. On the the the
the rear notches the tractor the rear mounting the Then the the front the front mounting the front to they seated. the
The Tractor the release to the DIP switch to off. You the tear-off function with the tractor. Turn the the
that the turned and that the release to the both the and this the feed the first three of the the built-in tractor as Chapter Press the LOAD/EJECT to the then the FORM FEED This the that the the tractor. the
the FORM FEED to of the buttons the the covers of the and the to release them. the CAUTION: the while the To the the Chapter
the to match the of the Then the that the the the the the and the covers. the
The Tractor If the exactly the or the the and the the fits properly. that the crooked or and the the
the the the the clear of the cover from the cover the each the The Tractor
The Tractor the clear included with the to the cover. the cover and the ON LINE the the
Although the tractor with the built- tractor as the tractor Instead of the the of the tractor, through the as would with sheets of the tear-off with the tractor. Removing the Tractor to tear off the and the tractor cover and Then the Press the ON LINE to the off Then, the LOAD/EJECT the of the to the The PAPER OUT light when the completely of the path. the
the from the tractor thumbs the front each of the tractor and them, the back the release to the back the
On the the cover. On the the the
The Tractor the cover from the cover and reassemble the cover. the and cover. the
The Interface Boards of optional interfaces that the of built-in interface. Choosing Interface Optional interfaces four which below. interfaces with interface or interface that conforms to the instead of RS-232C. These interfaces of the following features: X-ON/X-OFF and that increase the buffering KB. IEEE-488 interfaces offer trouble-free operation, and the to computers, and other the that they freely. Third-party interfaces, such as Coax and allow to function as IBM without the of other or The interfaces offer trouble-free operation and They the with memory to free the other when amounts of text or graphics. You increase the KB (about If whether optional interface or would to about interfaces, or the Consumer Information Where to the
Compatible Interfaces The following of interfaces that with Interface New Interface C823032 32KB interface to 512KB C823021 32KB interface to 512KB interfaces the them. If the with and should to of the the Coax and interfaces from These interfaces allow to and and of IBM The optional interface boards easy to The head screwdriver. Turn off the Then the and the and the interface IEEE-488 interface
WARNING: High the when the to the the turned off and the Also, to the board of the of the the electricity the of DIP switches the board. the screw the board cover and off the cover. the
the screw CG from the board. the There interface board with the FG attached and with the FG attached. This the the boards the the operation of the interface to which type of interface FG FG attached the
If the FG attached, follow these the CG screw to the round of the FG ground) to the board and the other as shown. the the optional interface board the the board; then the with the screws provided. the
the of the FG the FG located top of the interface board. the DIP switches the interface board to the accompanying If the FG attached, follow these the interface board to the the CG screw to the round of the FG ground) to the board. the
the interface and to the board. that the properly the the
the with the screws interface boards New Interface board, the DIP switches the interface board to the accompanying If the board, the section. the interface back the hinge the interface board cover. the
the interface board, the plate to the The plate to to the board cover. CAUTION: optional interface to the from the built-in interface. interface connected the the
New Interface If using optional interface, to the of the or the that they properly. should the information optional interface or to match the with the interface. If the optional interface board, that through the section below selection. You to the sections and interface information to other such as or the information the with optional interface. selection You rates from to BPS Second). the the selection with the interface information the input the DIP Switches Chapter of this the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) indicating that detected, other including and the
Chapter Cleaning the the Transporting the
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly Follow the below. that the turned off. Then the or the and If the outer or or with cloth with the cover to from the
CAUTIONS: or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the If think or the Consumer Information Where to
the Ribbon the when the becomes too The following Notes: the optional when high operations, the ribbon. ribbons that the turned off. Then the cover. On the the cover.
On the the To the the and the straight and of the WARNING: If the used, the head cool attempting to the ribbon.
the Ribbon the head to the of the To the ribbon, the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow. the the the
Press lightly both of the to the properly pointed such as to the the head and while the ribbon-tightening to feed the to the ribbon. the Ribbon
the head from to to smoothly. that the twisted or creased. On the the cover.
On the the the the cover the and then the back
the the and to the following instructions. the turned off. Then as as the and cover. CAUTION: Turn the off the from the AC the from the the and then the interface from the and the the cartridge-and
On the to the locking the Then the locking Then the the cover. the and the its
Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
This section supplied. The POWER light that the properly the the switch If the switch or another the outlet to whether the outlet operating properly. The The ON LINE light off. Press the ON LINE to the The ON LINE light nothing printed. both of the interface the and the interface both the and the specifications. The software properly the software. The PAPER OUT light the Troubleshooting
The sounds nothing printed. The properly. Turn off the and the The worn. the The the sounds and the abruptly. Turn off the and or other then turn the back If the correctly, or the Consumer Information Where to The ON LINE light the or abruptly. The head overheated. the when the head The or Printed characters the The properly. the and The The the that the thickness correctly the Troubleshooting
the characters or graphics. of the The head Stop and to the repaired. There too the or the the Printed characters what expected. The or characters that software printed. that the software correctly You selected SelecType, the characters software SelecType the selected software. The characters printed. The graphics character or international character selected. the DIP switch The characters than expected. the selected through software. the CONDENSED light the If the CONDENSED to the Troubleshooting
The what expected. too high or too the to the the top software and the the DIP switch the feed to each The text with DIP switch off. match the of the the DIP switches and the software and necessary. the One-inch perforation DIP switch to off. perforation the perforation the of the the Troubleshooting
appear or graphics. The usually bidirectional This of graphics characters. of necessary, to the bidirectional You DIP switch to off. Unidirectional slightly If the the from and the Chapter If the properly, the and the the the software, or the If the or other or the Consumer Information Where to Troubleshooting
The following section through sheets of and If the optional cut-sheet or tractor, this chapter. feed properly. the the and The too to the right that the the to the The PAPER OUT light should off. the and the rotated, that the release back to the that the properly. The and right too together, the from feeding smoothly. the of the that the and freely. The feeding thicker than lightly the Troubleshooting
loads, then The (DIP switch the DIP switch should off. The too the to the of the The of the the specified that within the specified with this feeding properly. the LOAD/EJECT pressed, the and feed. You trying to the buttons while the (ON LINE light Press the ON LINE once to the off then feeding feeding the ON LINE to the The release back to the using the tractor, the release pulled to the On the the release the when the built-in tractor, and the when using the optional tractor. the LOAD/EJECT pressed, the rotates feed. Continuous already the path. this the to the Press the LOAD/EJECT to the Troubleshooting
The crooked or the the supply or other and that the smoothly the that the the of the with each other. Also, the and the covers closed. The tear-off function DIP switch to Short tear-off whenever the of or feed and three seconds. software the of Troubleshooting
This section while the optional or optional interface board. With the feed properly. command from the the rotates, feed. DIP switch the correctly the that the release back to the the If the or the You too the You to the of the the and The feed crooked. The or creased. of that the and quality. One of to that the correct. Troubleshooting
With optional interface, the properly. The or the what expected. that the interface board correctly the the board. the specifications to that the interface with this that the matches the interface specifications. that the DIP switches or the interface board correctly. Also, that the and interface match. Troubleshooting
Chapter Technical Specifications Specifications Mechanical Interface Specifications Assignments the Interface Interface and Conditions Option Specifications Technical Specifications
Specifications Characters/second/line Quality Characters inch LQ spacing: feed feed) Character Specifications Bidirectional text Unidirectional graphics switched to bidirectional the software when DIP switch inch or of of inch inches printed characters
Character Family Font (Characters inch) OCR-B OCR-A Orator-S ASCII character (including Characters: characters) international character graphics character Friction feeding KB/1 KB (DIP switch feed with tractor (optional) (optional) Technical Specifications
and length: width Printable Technical Specifications to inches to inches to to to inches to inches to to to inches to inches to to inches inches inch
the from to inches increases the right and to inch The the right and increases to inch when 10-inch the or to 16-inch the Continuous inch Technical Specifications
Envelope operating the with its thickness: of to including the thickness inches Technical Specifications Continuous Envelope Continuous Envelope (with Envelope to to to to to inches to to inches to to inches to inches
Notes: The of the of forms, or that thicker than the head. with covering, or the the below. The thickness inch The 40F and 95F (5C to 35C). The and Mechanical Black Ribbon: Quality characters, dots/character) characters head: MCBF: MTBF: hours duty) hours head life: (with Quality characters, dots/character) characters Technical Specifications
and Insulation AC and chassis): Humidity: Technical Specifications inches inches inches inches inches inches VAC AC and chassis Can withstand or Operation: 40F to 95F (5C to 35C) -22F to 140F (-30C to 60C) Operation: to to Operation: Upto1Gwithin1ms to within Operation: to to to to than (without (with
Interface Specifications with interface. specifications optional interfaces, to their Assignments the Interface Connector assignments and of their interface shown the following Direction STROBE STROBE to than microseconds the IN DATA These information of DATA the to of IN respectively. HIGH DATA IN DATA when and LOW IN DATA IN when DATA IN DATA IN DATA IN ACKNLG OUT About LOW that and that the ready to BUSY OUT HIGH that the The HIGH the following off PE OUT HIGH that the of Technical Specifications
ERROR OUT IN SLCT IN Technical Specifications Direction SLCT OUT o FEED XT NC GND CHASSIS GND NC GND INIT IN GND NC Not used. OUT to through IN this LOW, the (The to this DIP switch to Not used. ground chassis ground, which isolated from the ground. Not used. Twisted-pair ground this becomes LOW, the to its and the cleared. This normally HIGH; its than the This becomes LOW when the off as Q-30. to 5V through The DC1/DC3 when this HIGH. fixing with J10. The of this factory-set to LOW.)
The heading Direction to the of as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the These should shielded and to the chassis of the and the interface based TTL Both the and the of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW. Interface The below shows the the interface. Technical Specifications
Enabled/Disabled and Conditions The below shows the relationship or the line/off and the of the on/off characters, DC1 or DC3. ON LINE On (J10 interface) On On High Disabled* High/Low While character and acknowledged that the another DC1 character, which would allow to Technical Specifications DC1/DC3 on/off SLCT IN ACKNLG ERROR DC1/DC3 High High/Low High DC1 High High/Low each character DC3 DC1/DC3 BUSY (Disabled/ High/Low High High each character each character Not
Option Specifications and Option C806 C806242 inches inches inches mounted and capacity: MCBF: Operation: 40F to 95F (5C to 35C) inches inches to of -22F to 140F (-30C to 60C) Operation: to (noncondensing) to to sheets of thickness should to inch or Technical Specifications
Thickness The of only assured within from the top or of the 65F to 70F (18C to 22C) Technical Specifications C806122 C806242 to inches to inches to to to inches to inches to to to inches to to to Printable to
There that the to the through the and through the software. These the following The turned The INIT the interface LOW). The software the ESC the Software command. The below shows the that become when the initialized. Item to: Top of and right VFU Font selection Character Justification Graphic assignment ESC ESC* ESC ESC* ESC ESC* ESC ESC* 1/6-inch Cleared Every characters Hardware: The DIP switch Software: The SelecType Hardware: The DIP switch Software: The SelecType The DIP switch Specifications
Also, the cleared when the turning the or INIT The character cleared when the with the software (ESC Technical Specifications
Chapter Command Summary the Command Summary. Chart. Commands Commands Topic. Operation. C o o Motion Motion. and Character Word Processing.. Character Characters. Graphics Command Summary
the Command Summary This chapter and the commands the The first of this chapter commands and the of the where each If which command the The Reference the of the of the commands topic, with that to of the commands. The of this chapter and each command the commands the following and character MSB Word motion Character motion characters Graphics Each section and section. The section the ASCII, and the command. These three and should easy to the to The section the of the and information the chart this chapter. Command Summary
The type of consists of character to to the instance, to the ASCII SI OF This from the directly. More commands of or character to the the following: ASCII ESC 1B this or (off), to or You of the following commands to double-width from BASIC: LPRINT CHR$(27);CHR$(87);CHR$(1) LPRINT CHR$(27);"W";CHR$(1) the following commands that or the the or and or the ASCII characters and used: ESC U, ESC ESC ESC W, ESC S, ESC-, and ESC BASIC with of these LPRINT CHR$(27);"p";CHR$(1) LPRINT CHR$(27);"p";"1" Command Summary
Chart The below the The that the the the the or that the and the to the that this and the other Hex. OA OB OC OD Command Summary C Hex. OE OF 1A 1B
Commands The following shows and ESC with their and and the where the of the found. ASCII Hex. BEL BS HT LF 0A VT 0B FF 0C CR 0D SO 0E SI DC1 DC2 DC3 DC4 CAN DEL ESC SO ESC SI 0F ESC EM ESC SP ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 0F 7F 0E Backspace Vertically Select Double-width Select Select Double-width Character. Select Double-width Select Sheet Intercharacter Select MSB Select Characters. Select Command Summary
ASCII Hex. Select Graphics ESC 2A 2B n/360-inch Spacing. ESC 2D Turn 2F ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 3A ESC 3C ESC 3D ESC 3E ESC 3F ESC ESC ESC ESC C ESC C0 ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 4A ESC ESC 4B ESC 4C ESC 4D Command Summary on/Off. Select Select 1/8-inch Spacing Select 1/6-inch Spacing n/180-inch Spacing. Printable Characters Copy ROM to RAM.. Select Unidirectional MSB to MSB to Reassign Graphics n/60-inch Spacing. Select Emphasized Emphasized Select n/180-inch Graphics Graphics Select CPI
ASCII Hex. ESC 4E ESC 4F ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 5A ESC 5C ESC ESC ESC ESC 6B ESC 6C ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Perforation Perforation. Select CPI Right Margin. Select International Character Select Select Turn Unidirectional On/Off. Turn Double-width On/Off Select High-speed Graphics Select Graphics Select Justification Select CPI Select Family. Margin Turn On/Off. Select Character Select Character Turn Double-height On/Off Select Quality or Command Summary
Commands Topic This following section and the commands topic. the Reference the back of this of commands topic. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the and clears the the command. Select DC1 Format: ASCII DC1 the to the selected the (DC3). It the switched off the ON LINE DC1 and DC3 the interface Command Summary
DC3 Format: ASCII DC3 the the the (DC1) received. The reselected with the ON LINE DEL Character Format: ASCII DEL 7F the text character the ESC Select Unidirectional Format: ASCII 1B 3C normally bidirectional. This selects only. (It The head to the and from to right. the DIP switch ESC Command Summary
Turn Unidirectional On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following the the off normally bidirectional. This selects ESC EM Format: ASCII ESC EM 1B The following off R: Ejects loaded.) The should the It other than or The turned and off DIP switch Command Summary
MSB MSB the MSB (ESC ESC and ESC graphics or characters. MSB to ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3D the MSB of incoming to with the MSB to which that or character graphics printed. ESC this MSB to ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3E the MSB of incoming as MSB ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the MSB ESC or ESC Command Summary
BEL Format: ASCII BEL Sounds the CR Format: ASCII CR Prints the the and the to the feed the AUTO FEED XT the interface LOW. CAN Format: ASCII CAN Clears text the Command Summary
Motion FF Format: ASCII FF 0C Prints the the and the to the top of the to the length. FF the the ESC C Format: ASCII ESC C 1B the to the spacing. The of from to The top of to the the DIP switch length. ESC C Format: ASCII ESC C 1B the to inches. The of from to The top of to the the DIP switch length. Command Summary
Commands Topic Perforation ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4E The the of the and the first to the with the (1/6-inch), and ESC and then This ESC O, ESC C, or ESC C The of from to the DIP switch 1-inch perforation. ESC Perforation Format: C o C 1B 4F the perforation ESC N. the DIP switch 1-inch perforation. LF Format: ASCII LF this received, the the and the the spacing. Command Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch commands. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch feed commands. This the ESC n/360-inch Spacing Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2B to of inch feed commands. The of from to Select Spacing Select 1/6-inch Spacing Command Summary
n/180-inch Spacing ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch feed commands. The of from to ESC n/60-inch Spacing Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch commands. The of from to n/180-inch ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4A Advances the of inch. The of from to This feed and Command Summary
VT Vertically Format: ASCII VT 0B Advances the to the the selected ESC If selected, used. If the ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B to the spacing. affected The as from to The the of the command. ESC ESC clears the Command
Commands Topic ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Functions the as ESC B, that the selects the which from to Therefore, to of The selected ESC To clear the ESC ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2F This command to the with the of from to VT commands the selected this command. If selected, used. Command Summary
Motion Margin ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 6C the to the character the treated as This clears previous and characters the lowercase (as the The the the of double-width character. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the right to the character the treated as This clears previous and previous characters the The the the of double-width character. Command Summary Right Margin
BS Format: ASCII BS Prints the then the to the Backspacing to, beyond, the The BS ESC or ESC If this immediately graphics the of back to the which graphics started. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This the from the that characters to printed, this of Each of inch. The and the previous effective the specified the right Command Summary Backspace
ESC Relative Format: ASCII ESC 1B 5C the to the which of To and first the If the to the from the using this of The command the the of inch and of inch Quality or HT Format: ASCII HT Advances the to the The 8-character the currently pitch. affected Command Summary
Topic ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This allows of to which as (from to with the terminating the command. The ESC clears The when turned or ESC command, every characters. The affected The the character Select Quality or ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following Selects Selects Quality (LQ) the SelecType ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 6B Command Summary Select Family
This affects only the Quality If the used. To of the other the family of the as shown below. to choose the the of The following OCR-A OCR-B Orator-S the SelecType ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects of the following condensed, emphasized, double-width, and The the or of To the of the following to the or the double-width Hex. Command Summary
and Character Select CPI ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects character inch This normally to or ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4D Selects character inch ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects character inch and or combined with Command Summary Select CPI Select CPI
ESC Turn On/Off Format: ESC ASCII 1B and off. The following off. The of characters from character to character. Therefore, than W. character the and SI Select Format: ASCII SI OF Prints characters about of their the characters inch. combined with turned and off SelecType, the SI command, or DIP switch Command Summary
ESC SI Format: ASCII ESC SI 1B OF the SI command and the function of the CONDENSED the DC2 Format: ASCII DC2 SI, ESC SI, or SelecType and to Format: ASCII o 0E the of characters This LF, FF, VT, or DC4. Command Summary Select Double-width
Double-width ESC SO Format: ASCII ESC SO 1B 0E the SO command. ESC Turn Double-width On/Off Format: ASCII ESC 1B the of characters. The following off. DC4 Double-width Format: ASCII DC4 double-width selected SO or ESC SO, double-width selected ESC or ESC Command Summary
ESC Turn Double-height On/Off Format: ASCII ESC 1B the height of characters. The following off. the height of characters. You to to the height of these characters. with the tractor. ESC Select Emphasized Format: ASCII ESC 1B each with the slightly to the right of the first. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the selected ESC E. Command Summary Emphasized
ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B text each ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the selected ESC G. ESC S0 Format: ASCII 1B Prints characters about two-thirds of the character height the of the character Command Summary Select
ESC S1 Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B Prints characters about two-thirds of the character height the of the character ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B or Command
Select ESC Format: ASCII or ASCII characters. the following the first The of the location of the strike-through. overscore. The of whether the or the selected ESC 1B 2D Command Summary
Turn On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2D This including The following off. with HT or ESC ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following Selects Selects Selects Selects with This characters, with the of character BOH to DFH, F4H, and F5H to and the graphics character Command Summary Select Character
Word Processing ESC Select Justification Format: ASCII ESC 1B the type of The following Selects Selects centering. Selects right Selects The when the becomes HT and BS there within ESC SP Intercharacter Format: ASCII ESC SP 1B the amount of to the right of each character, to the already allowed the of the character. The of which should from to of of inch and of inch Quality and Command Summary
Character ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects the character to Selecting graphics character selected ESC The following Selects the character Selects graphics character Selects the character and O-127 to the function of DIP switch that the of or ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B characters from the character to printed. This graphics character selected ESC or DIP switch the character graphics Command Summary Character Select
ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B the selected ESC Select International Character ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects of the international character The following USA Norway II II America the DIP switch of the international character Command Summary Commands Topic
Characters Chapter and information this topic. Characters ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This allows characters to the currently selected characters, DIP switch to off. ESC Copy ROM to RAM Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3A This the characters ROM to RAM that characters The the family. OCR-B OCR-A Command Summary
ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B This to the character ESC to the character The following Selects the Selects the ESC Characters Format: ASCII ESC 1B graphics character selected, ESC the of through as characters, the characters printed. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B graphics character selected, ESC through to treated as This the Command Summary
Commands Topic Graphics Chapter graphics the ESC* graphics ESC Select Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4B graphics The of ESC Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4C low-speed, graphics The of ESC Select High-speed Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B high-speed, graphics The of Command Summary
ESC Select Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 5A graphics The of ESC* Select Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2A graphics the following the The of Option High-speed CRT CRT II CRT III Hex-density this Command Summary
Reassign Graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3F from graphics to another. The character (K, L, or Z). The to the the ESC command. Command Summary
Table A-2 Character A-6 A-1
Table This the of characters. The of inch. of of inch.) You to these the of characters that The characters with indicated international characters or graphics. the Chapter the the international characters. Also, the of the ESC and ESC commands Chapter information to these characters. The following shows each character, its ASCII and its If there the the the of the character. CHR CHR 2A 2B 2C 2D 2E 2F A-2 3A 3B 3C 3D 3E 3F
4A 4B 4C 4D 4E 4F 5A 5B 5C 5D 5E 5F CHR CHR C C 6A 6B 6C 6D 6E 6F 7A 7B 7D 7E 3O/20 A-3
CHR A-4 3O/20 3O/20 3O/20 CHR B0 B1 B2 B3 B4 B5 B6 B7 B8 B9 BA BB BC BD BE BF Cl C2 C3 C4 C5 C6 C7 C8 C9 CA CB CC CD CE CF DO D1 D2
CHR CHR D3 D4 D5 D6 D7 D8 D9 DA DB DC DD DE DF EO E2 E3 E4 E5 E6 E7 E8 E9 EA EB EC ED EE EF FO F1 F2 F3 F4 F5 F6 F7 F8 F9 FA FB FC FD FE Table A-5
Character The character or graphics character selected DIP switch or the ESC software command. The graphics character selected DIP switches and when DIP switch the graphics character the ESC or ESC software whether to to 9F as characters (ESC or (ESC Character CODE C C A-6
Graphics Character PC (United States&Epson Graphics C PC CODE C C C A-7
Character PC CODE PC CODE A-8 C C C C
PC C CODE C A-9
that these apply specifically to If that topic information. software that such as or ASCII the American Information assigning to and this DIP switch or through the the the CR of the of Usually or bidirectional which the head to right then the right to and the head both the increases wasted or which the of information or input and memory.
of information consisting of (CR) The that the to the issued together with feed, the to the of the bidirectional the head physically to the character of numbers, and that with the characters graphics character which each character approximately of the of characters. characters inch characters inch. or spreadsheets the which both perforated and to the characters, the ASCII includes other which These such as sounding the and or feed. (CSF) optional, which of the
troubleshooting the the each that notation. or that when the turned or initialized. DIP switches switches that functions and the of the when turned or initialized. DIP graphics graphic of graphics. of which each or of double-height which each character as as of characters. Each character Can double-width which each character as as characters. (The One of character high-speed Quality.
of characters. of the head, characters the of ESC to commands. ESC/P The of commands software of from It and software computers. of type family terminology, normally to feed to both and that the to the top of the graphics character The graphics character international characters, characters, and character graphics comers, and areas. To establish the of the turning the or INIT or input The memory the which from the while to printed.
interface The of the and interface and interface. which the characters This Quality One of Quality readability and appearance reduced Both and that the The to which the loaded. It the memory The memory. from the of the from the memory to the memory. The then information from its memory This of frees the to other while the The memory the memory or input that the and tear-off the
Three commonly with and the and information that or off. often and and the and (This the and the A, B, C, D, E, and F. This and the to with the connected to paper-out switch the that when with informing the and that there loaded, and causing the PAPER OUT light to The of the that fits the to the interface interface that the and the interface character or interface. The that the the
of and Quality. high-speed, Quality to polished which the character from character to character. than lowercase The than typewritten optional that and through the built-in that through the RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as and as characters. RAM when the turned off. To to its command, INIT or turning the off and ROM Memory. The of the memory to instructions and built-in of the operation of the the the its DIP switch and the characters that its ROM. interface interface interface.
tear-off that the perforation of to the tear-off to the and then the back to the These using the and character of characters inch. This often the or pitch. The of the that through the its the character which each character slightly than that there characters inch. only. than bidirectional graphics. characters Characters that and the the known as downloaded characters.