This to and quickly. It instructions If information or Reference ActionLaser of America, Inc. EPSON of Corporation. HP and of Company. Notice: Other and of their respective EPSON and rights those The EPA of or service. copy-right Inc., California, USA software copyrights Copyright, Copyright, TM Corporation, Copyright, Copyright, LaserAct, Corporation, Copyright, Microsoft Corporation Copyright, Copyright, TM Corporation, TM Corporation,
This to and the software as as Microsoft If through this to the Then Reference information to and the EPSON DOS. To the and the software included with the the following: To the to to shielded interface 386-based or higher IBM PC or MS-DOS or higher Microsoft the EPSON DOS) 4MB of RAM the 1.3MB of
Unpacking the and from the the to Allow inches the to to the and the off the and the other items and The about and should with the and the top of the and the from the of the the and trays.
the toner the toner from its the from the the the of the arrow. Then the protective the of the Gently the toner back and forth to the toner evenly. the toner to light than necessary. the the toner
the toner clean, While holding the steady with hand, the the of the the clear the with firm, as shown. the the front cover the top of the cover or heavy the front cover.
With hand, the toner the the other the of the to steady while the toner the the the front of the the locking both of the the the
the the Then the the front cover and the top to the cover the turned the Ready light light the toner properly or the front cover completely closed.
Loading the from its recessed the top of the and the located the top of the If or other the further rotating the of its the of the
the slightly further than the of the the If the of and the the release the top right of the
the to the of the the the the the too tightly.
the release the back of the This the with the correctly the release the To the release the front of the and from the to the of the with the and the Then the release the back of the
Attaching the the switch the right of the turned off as shown below. the the AC the back of the Then the other properly grounded outlet grounded, three-prong to the threeprong two-hole outlet that switches or timers. of information the memory of or outlets the with or that might the supply.
Testing the To whether the correctly first turn Then the located to the interface the back of the The information about the including the Connecting the to the Turn off the and the off. shielded interface to the the back of the the with the the other of the interface to the back of the screws both of the
Testing the the following to properly connected to the Turn then Bring DOS such as the following: the following and The displays the following the following and If interface other than LPT1, to the The the AUTOEXEC.BAT If nothing or the what the and that the connected securely to both the and C:> PRINT AUTOEXEC.BAT NAME OF LIST DEVICE (PRN): LPT1
software The software included with One the EPSON and the other the EPSON DOS. You only to of the whether or This section to the EPSON If the Reference information and the EPSON DOS. The EPSON that of the and when information about this Reference the EPSON the ActionLaser with software to the operation of the and other selections that the Although other such as the HP should normally the ActionLaser specifically to with this the EPSON the ActionLaser selected as the the TM The III
To the EPSON the EPSON From the choose the This the the Command type A:SETUP or B:SETUP, This the Click the or to The first to the that the EPSON and the To the of LPT1, choose If using another the selection as and choose The the of the directory which the EPSON software to To the EPPRT directory, choose OK. The copying to appears that the SYSTEM.INI and choose OK. You prompted to choose the to
purchasing this of users concerned about conserving to If isnt off when the option software something. to catch formatting them to If to rather than Not this and whenever
the Cartridge The toner to the complexity of You toner using toner Chapter the Reference information. If become too should the toner as follows: Turn off the and the cord. from the and from the the and trays. the front cover.
top of the With the other hand, the toner the and the and releases. the front of the slightly and then of the The smoothly the with nonburnable items. the toner from its Warning: the or the toner the that touching the which located immediately the toner when the front cover, and the which further the
the the straight Then the protective the of the Gently the toner back and forth to the toner evenly. While holding the steady with hand, the the of the the clear the with firm, as shown. the
With hand, the toner the the other the of the to steady while the the the the front of the the locking both of the the the
the the Then the the front cover and the top to Clearing If the and the light while the Ready light off, follow these Unlock the release the front of the from the that from the the the of the and the the release the back of the Clearing If the and the light flashing while the Ready light off, follow these Unlock the release the front of the from the and from the
the the front cover. top of the With other hand, the toner its Warning: the or the toner the that touching the which located immediately the toner when the front cover, and the which further the
the and releases. the front of the toner slightly then of the The toner smoothly caught the toner to the firmly to the with the
If the with the toner the from the the front of the If the with the toner the If the from the front of the the the toner and the front cover. the the of the and the the release the back of the from the of the