COLOR INK JET PRINTER rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON of Corporation. Helvetica and of Linotype AG and/or its Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. TM COLOR Printed
This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of FCC United States WARNING
interface cover cover interface thickness (AC cover
Started The EPSON COLOR and with operation. To with EPSON COLOR please: the to this as below Read about and the instructions this introduction. Chapter to and the software. to the of this with selecting choosing troubleshooting, optional interfaces, and specifications. the to learn to high-quality If Where to U.S. and Users Started
To EPSON COLOR Microsoft or higher or Workgroups or higher, shielded, twisted-pair and: Recommended or 4MB RAM 8MB RAM 10MB More than 10MB VGA VGA or these EPSON COLOR with the U.S. Protection Agencys which the of computers, and monitors. The EPA that computers, and other peripheral annually and reduced tons. of to The EPA of or service. Started
Where to U.S. and to If isnt off when using the option software something. to catch formatting them to If to rather than Not this and America and service through nationwide of authorized EPSON and Service EPSON the services below through EPSON SM U.S. users GO-EPSON. Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Service Technical with the installation, and operation of EPSON products EPSON technical information service Product with technical specifications and products Customer Relations Started
You purchase and EPSON (U.S. only). GO-EPSON locations. technical ready to and its and to the If with software the that with that technical information. CompuServe The to helpful specifications, and through the America CompuServe. If currently of CompuServe, free introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: introductory CompuServe user ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication. To of this offer, the United States and and other countries, or CompuServe If already CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America Started
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heat or the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets the as or that switch and off. the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Started
and Efficiently the Attaching the and the Work and Turning the the Cartridges More about Loading Testing the Connecting the to the the the EPSON
and Efficiently The EPSON COLOR and the head, shoot from the the to characters or graphics. The or EPSON or which specifications. to manually. If products with EPSON the heads and warranty. of the If off with and If them with of the reach of Once the or the to with The become otherwise. immediately from its Leaving the the the within months of them. this hand the or the off the that the head the right The head when received seconds; the head the
the the to off the Then the light flashing the or turning off the to the the the should include EPSON and these items: protective with and the Follow the the Notice with the to these of the and the protective to the the
Attaching the and the the right the mounting as shown below. Then the notch the mounting as shown the with its shortest and the the third notch from the as shown arrow below. Next, the other and the fourth notch as shown arrow below. this the with L.
Work choosing location follow these the If the properly. approximately inches of clear to the the right The the to and humidity. the from sunlight, strong light, or heat the where the easily French-speaking users: fiche grounded If to follow these that least that the It should
and Turning the protective as the Notice that the off. It off when its with the protectors the and right. the properly grounded Turn the the as shown below. protectors
the Cartridges The self-contained ordinary from If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the or the become both If of the the the turned and then the cover. Press the
the about seconds the head slightly to the which the each of the to them.
the and the from their protective the from each slightly from that shown below.) You the from the Leaving the permanently them. the their with the and the arrow the top of the the rear of the The which the the the right.
the the back of the they Press the to the head to its the the head back to its about seconds the Once the the or them to them with ones. become
More about the cover. The first the charges the This about The while the the charging the light flashes. off the while the light flashing. Press the While holding the the Font The to the the front of the that the of this Press the Press the to quality, the cleaning operation. You might the cleaning when the while without or when turn the off while. The of the amount of text and graphics The of the amount of You and
Loading The following to or specifically which To coated higher-quality or to and other Chapter the cover the the clicks Then the as to the as of then to the The to sheets of or the the
While the with the right with the (the with arrow the Then the as shown. the to match the of as shown below. Then the cover.
Testing the least inches otherwise the head directly the which the turned off. While the the To the the (The to seconds.) the the the To the the To the the and off the the off the the cleaning when and wasted. If the of the the heads as Chapter that might as as three cleaning to the If cleaning the heads the Chapter Troubleshooting. The the first and of the first of to the length. Then the character the of the and
Connecting the to You shielded, twisted-pair to to the built-in interface. The RS-422 which the Apple often both the and turned off. the securely the interface Then the together they both the other of the the interface.
the the of the EPSON Then the and the and installation. the to that the text and graphics correctly This the highest You DOS or follow the below: DOS the EPSON (or B). At the DOS type A:CALIBRAT (or B:CALIBRAT). Follow the instructions the the EPSON (or B). the and choose the appears, type A:CALIBRAT (or B:CALIBRAT) and Follow the instructions the the to once. If, however, or graphics the
the EPSON that the EPSON It allows to with the this when from specifically to fast, while of the features. If choose the LQ-2550 software. This EPSON COLOR features, such as and MicroWeave. and that the the the Double-click the The appears. Click the of appears the of the Click Unlisted or Updated once to highlight and then The appears. the EPSON the (A or B) the and then choose OK The Unlisted or Updated appears. Select EPSON COLOR
Click OK the to and to the of Choose the that selected whenever software. Click If to the factory choose software and then choose OK To the and learn about with software, Chapter with of photographs amount of To back to the COLOR to temporary printed. The amount of the and complexity of the and the Ordinary text and graphics photographic Although photographic 10MB to 20MB of (or as as 30MB). photographic 40MB to 60MB, or to 125MB. If to photographic to enough or of the following: the of the of
Chapter Choosing and Loading Choosing Thick Loading Loading Loading coated and Loading Loading Choosing and Loading
Choosing While should the specifications, A. the highest and overhead EPSON offers the following EPSON coated inch) (S041028 S041025 A4) EPSON coated (S041029 S041026 A4) EPSON High Quality (S041033) EPSON Transparency (S041030 S041027 A4) Choosing and Loading this high-quality This when this choose or coated the Media/Options section of the EPSON coated or High Quality this with to high-quality overhead
Thick Loading Loading to the type from the of with information about You of thick and If becomes when thick to the paper-thickness as shown through Loading this to the type Chapter with information about You from built-in coated and To Loading Chapter to as the type with information about Choosing and Loading
Loading coated and To EPSON coated and and the EPSON High Quality the of the coated the whiter than the other the when the the right as the the the You to sheets of and to of Select coated the and or the and the straight the path. If feed or Chapter Troubleshooting. or EPSON Choosing and Loading the the sheets their with with sheets to the high humidity, and sunlight, the
Loading EPSON Transparency S041030 within months of the the of the The when the the right as the front of the the sheets their to the they the and that the straight the path. Select Transparency and the as shown Chapter Choosing and Loading
If or Chapter Troubleshooting. or EPSON Loading You to to the paper-thickness the turned Then the and the cover. Choosing and Loading to the high and sunlight, the paper-thickness the path. the ejected when this
While holding the the Font The to the Turn the clockwise as as Press the button. Press the Choosing and Loading
the from the and as shown. to the as shown. the and that the straight the path. Choose the type from the as shown Chapter Choosing and Loading
that too thin; they to the high humidity, and sunlight, choose the paper-thickness to its or thick the Choosing and Loading
Chapter with About the the the Choosing Restoring Exiting the the First About with Choosing and buttons. Choosing the with Selected Software selection software with Selected DOS Software selection software The EPSON The EPSON with
About the This chapter to the EPSON or higher) throughout the If choose the LQ-2550 software. This EPSON COLOR features, such as and MicroWeave. that with the software to that (or These software the and other features of the than black-and-white and and software Therefore, that the EPSON that with EPSON COLOR and that correctly the the the Chapter the section this chapter the First If choose the right unsatisfactory. with
the which as This shows the boxes, and It factory type the factory when selected type options High A4 B5 Envelope Envelope Envelope Envelope coated Transparency MicroWeave DL C5 off) (I3 off (II off) with off)
N/A About type the factory when selected with strength* strength* informotion] -5G% off (CMYK) art dither Coarse dither Diffused art) (High (Complex
the You the Double-click the the Choose or from the of software. Highlight the and then the the the appears. The top of the this: Choosing You of the following Click the option or Click the Click the the and Click the then the item Click the text then the o the and type the character the Then COLOR the to highlight and the with
selected the and ready to choose the OK This from the and selections. and choose the OK Restoring If to the factory the information about the choose the Once the Search to topics. once and phrases to related information. If information about Microsoft with
Exiting the There to the Click the OK to and the Click the to and the there things should know about with to the About with the that with these the First You often the right highest and off High the Media/Options section of the You the software to With You through with MicroWeave
Choosing Choose the following to match The following using and Click the the You the following: with The of the the The of the The of inch printed. or (CMYK)
Select the the from the The the the to the select. Select or and If would to Landscape. The the to the select. Click the Ink/Resolution the top of the You the following: Select the option. Select (CMYK) when includes the with
Click the OK the of the To with The with information about the appears the This the which the of this chapter. This section the factory and buttons This which as with to below. or other option of option coated or
Click to selection. The appears. These four appear the of the OK and the when using this and the and to the factory the To the within or anywhere with
Select the and of This displays the Select the the The to the and displays the choices with A4 A5 B5 Envelope Envelope DL Envelope C5 Envelope
You the of the To the the option and Source built-in sheet to this should choose with software, with the that choose both the and the You these To of the and then the from to with
The and options factory-set to these often memory and and with software them turned off. them only o To to clicking the that o To than that each the both the and that To that its the that with each appears. appears. appears
Media/Options the to type and highest off High the Media/Options section of the type COLOR of However, to the to match the to type. The coated Transparency with
Select this option of You office or Select this option coated or highest with the below, off High the Media/Options section of the coated To coated To EPSON SO41028 coated with this option. EPSON to with the choose this option other coated coated To the highest quality, EPSON SO41029 coated and this option. You this EPSON this To EPSON SO41030 Transparencyfilm and this option. when and EPSON with
These options allow to high or MicroWeave, which higher High this option, the both fast, highest off High If the appear when with High to the as Chapter Weave MicroWeave selected, sections This reduces the of graphics. EPSON recommends coated or when MicroWeave. MicroWeave recommended You MicroWeave to reduce the High (IXI MicroWeave Cl off) off) II with
You (or this to high-quality or black-and-white, the factory To brightness, and other affecting software. software allow to and to with the satisfactory the following appears: with
appear the of You the double-clicking the and the to There within and Color. The include Brightness, Contrast, and Correction. Brigh The Brightness option the or of The option the ratio the brightest and the of Correction This account the characteristics of the COLOR when the amount of to the text or with this option turned off usually Cl off with
The allow to the options: Saturation, Strength, and Correction. (These when selected the Ink/Resolution You the of the Negative that than those with Red/Green/Blue You the of each (Red, and the with these appear as and the with software. software to Correction This account the characteristics of the COLOR when the of to the text or with this option turned off with off
Ink/Resolution Ink/Resolution, the following appears: This or this to the and (CMYK) with
Three the of that the higher the resolution,the the with to and MicroWeave highest-quality photographic choose this EPSON coated highest off High the Media/Options section of the photographic 10MB of (or 20MB If to photographic to enough or reduce the or of
the following appears: The halftoning settings-which to the type of halftoning selection. The displays the You to with satisfactory. with
this chart to the halftoning Black text and graphics. This the with art) with such (High This holftoning Photographic or or such as those with four air-brushed to and areas. the four About This information about with the halftoning the the dithering options software. art and graphics. Graphic with Graphic with and CorelDRAW!?
Choosing the the below to the with COLOR. that the following than black-and-white text MicroWeave to with o (CMYK) halftone Higher type Text and graphics Sharp halftoning or text and (CMY K) basic, art graphics art) with
Grayscale Clear, graphics (High Complex Sharp. (CMYK) graphics or coated with High-quality, or High-quality photographic or Highest-quolity, graphics or photographic coated coated MicroWeave to (CMYK) MicroWeove to
with Selected Software ready to software to selections If the EPSON Chapter selection software The following shows to applications. The include the the software selection Software Action Action(s) or Selections(s) Select text thot to Microsoft text Choose Character from Formot Word from Click formatting graphic with graphics Choose and Select text Select text WordPerfectB Choose from Font Choose from Select Text graphics Microsoft Select text Select that to Choose Font from Format Choose from Select that to bockground Choose from Format the options graphics imported, or with thot to
selection tinued) Software Action Action(s) or Selections(s) Choose Colors from New CorelDRAW CorelDRAW! software with Select text and graphics Select Select text or offers boxes choosing command buttons Choose from Choose Select what to Choose the Colors Select from to Click from with Choose Uniform from Select from UNIFORM Select from Select text or outline to from Custom Select from of Copy or flyout FILL*
and selections, Choose from software to the the EPSON or Cl Choose and then to the EPSON Once selections, choose OK three to that than with Selected DOS Software the EPSON when with software. Instead, choose the LQ-2550 software. This EPSON COLOR features, such as and MicroWeave. selection software The following shows to DOS applications. The include the the software with
selection DOS Software Action Microsoft Select text Word WordPerfect with Select Select text Select text right text to Press Action(s) or Selections(s) Select text that to Choose Format Character Select Font Select Choose Format Select Press Ctrl F8 Select Select Press F7 text Ctrl F8 Select Select Press F7 To text Press Ctrl F8 Select Select Press F7
selection DOS Action Action(s) or Selections(s) Press to text Select Format Select Select Text Highlight to Press Press to Select Graph Press Select to Select Select Text, or Background Select from Select reelonce to Choose Choose Choose Edge or sraphics to Choose Chart charts Choose Choose chart to Press Choose Press Graphics to Select Chart text Press spreadsheets Select Text or other option Select from Select to Select Chart Press Choose to chart F8 F3 Select F2 F4 Select Select Select or Select Select F4 with WYSIWYG WYSIWYG
that than The EPSON the to the to and then to the Then to the The EPSON appears when to the If the appears that includes: that allows to of release them to printed, and or that allows to from that allows to the amount of information that the displays and the from appearing. options that allows to to directory, timers, and the the To the EPSON Select from the of software and choose to Once the EPSON appears The EPSON appears. with them them from the or them reprinting.
The shows the of the EPSON and of currently or to If to affecting or location choose the the EPSON to learn about the or throughout If the to This The EPSON to the the EPSON appears the The sections thereby quickly. Once section finished, the the and another section. The includes the following information: The the to and printed. of the of which the which which of of About that information about the EPSON with
to the EPSON Three icons: and whole or If to the EPSON from appearing, the of the EPSON with to from the the to to
Chapter The the Lights Functions Selecting Scalable Selecting the About the the The
the The lights and the easy operations. Software selections. software to whenever Lights On when the Flashes when the turned or off. when the On when the memory. The
Cartridge Font On when the of flashing On when The both installed. Indicates the instructions selecting On when the selected. the character. this rough of text only. On when the condensed-printing selected. this the selected that characters information. On when This light flashes when the heads or The and lights when The
the and off. Font Press this to through the choices the The Font lights the selection. Press this to or of Press this to temporarily. Press to Economy/Condensed Press this to or The light or off to the select. this about seconds to the to the when the light Cartridge The off the the Then to the light flashing the
Black head cleaning Load/Eject) head cleaning Economy/Condensed) Paper-thickness The the of the other buttons. the and another to the as follows: Clears the and the to their factory A. the head cleaning Cleaning the Heads the head cleaning Cleaning the Heads Cleaning the head Dont head, the the currently such as and should the paper-thickness this function. Loading The
Functions These functions when the following buttons when turning the Load/Eject) the and Chapter Testing the Font Load/Eject) Prints the Demonstration Prints Economy/Condensed) the the To the or the and then the to off the The
Selecting Fonts built-in character including EPSON EPSON and EPSON H. to the to Helvetica Font selections with software software to Press the Font to from the the The light to the active The below shows the Fonts EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON The
and only. of the character might to with EPSON and EPSON these selected character with EPSON Scalable The of the T, and selected from to through software or ESC/P command. the that with software information selecting the of EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON The
Selecting reduces the of characters to approximately of their allowing characters to This useful spreadsheets and other where to the amount of information You the the (EPSON and EPSON condensed.) You that characters inch and proportionally spaced. You If software and the should and through the software rather than with the or The
the You that of functions such as and these each the they The factory to the of users, to them. The below the features the Network interface On, On, Loading Interface I/F I/F, I/F, Option I/F interface seconds*, seconds Character U.S.A.*, Germany, U.K., Italy, I, PC437, PC850, PC860, PC863, PC865, PC861, BRASCII, or About the below. To the software the character and feed. If software these features, to them with the The
About the Network interface feed three and software this If software to with the the head to only. This both graphics and character the head to both This the If as shown Chapter selected, the switches bidirectional and graphics If connected to this off. If to the and computers, this to this to the though the the light off turning off the the feed each (CR) (LF) If text unexpectedly double-spaced, this to off. If text top of each other, to The
Loading to this to If the top with software, that to the Interface The interface which interface The EPSON COLOR interface and RS-422 You optional interface including RS-232C interface or interface. information about optional interface The RS-422 the Apple often interface selected selection the the interface that This allows to the to than without to the interface If wish, the interface interface. the that interface. interface I/F the Interface option, the interface timeout to seconds or seconds. The from another interface from the interface the I/F timeout. The
Character the Character the characters and The text based the selected character the character B. To the character the section, the To the the buttons; the lights the turned off and the the Economy/Condensed and the to the The of and summary and instructions. It instructs to the that (English, or Spanish). Press the Font the Font lights the of choice; then the to selection. Font (PS) (PS) Spanish The
To to the to the Font the (PS), and (PS) lights the selection. On The the the the and the instruction the selected. light (PS) light (PS) light Network interface Loading Interface interface Character to the the Font the and (PS) lights off and the (PS) light
Then the lights selection, the the and lights match as shown the below and the light light light Network interface Loading Interface interface interface seconds On On On interface interface Option interface seconds The
Character On Flashing and to as as the turning off the You the turning off the them The Character light light light U.S.A U.K. PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII
Chapter Cartridge Cleaning the Heads Cleaning the Transporting the
Cartridge the or nothing the finishes or the and then the to the Then or both of the heads. If three cleanings or both If the from what as Chapter If or of the appear the or both these EPSON or to specifications only: or EPSON the the cover. Press the to the light the about seconds the head slightly to the The light the as as The partly of the Black S020034 S020036
the of the and of properly. the or to If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the the to with Attempting to without the or reassembled If products with EPSON the heads and warranty. the the path. the when the The to the seconds the
the containing the and the from their protective the from the slightly from that shown below.) the the with the the and the arrow the to the of the The the the the right. You the from the Leaving the when the permanently
the the back of the The light flashing. Press the The while the light to flash. off the while the light flashing. the light flashing and the and the cover. If the try cleaning the heads as
Cleaning the Heads If the built-in head cleaning to the to properly. You the and heads separately. To wasting the head the turned and the the and to clean the head. The cleaning about The light flashes throughout the and then when the cleaning finished. Press the to cleaning head, the path. the when head. the and to clean the head. You both and head cleaning operations the If the cleaning three the following the shown earlier this chapter.
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly the turned off. Then the cord. from the to and If the or the of the with cloth with the cover closed to from If the of the with off with cloth. or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the or service
Transporting the If to the and as follows: the cover and that the head the right If the head capped, the to Then turn off the the from the then the interface from the the from the the protective to the the Notice that the Repack the the the the If the or nothing when first the the heads. Cleaning the Heads earlier this chapter. If the the as Chapter Transporting the without the the
Chapter Troubleshooting With Quality with Clearing and feeding Troubleshooting
With This chapter what It the following this section the or what with this section this section or other with feeding incorrectly. If the section and follow that apply to If of the the EPSON users GO-EPSON.) Quality often cleaning the heads as that as as three cleaning to If cleaning the heads the the following: whether the empty. as Chapter the first the of text including and If the the the or the Troubleshooting
Printed what or or or MicroWeave and off High higher-quality that selected. the matches the type of the Other caused incorrect If the software If the following items. Clean or both heads as Chapter or both MicroWeave and High off. higher Also, that the the selected the type of loaded. If to coated or High Quality this when that the thickness correctly the type of Loading Chapter information.) when the thickness thick whether or to or Troubleshooting
whether To off this the the light off. You might the right of the the the that and might with the the VGA or the of updated information the the Network Interface to the the Chapter or white as The selected the Software the the software. too high or too the or the what software to the top and the of software. The match the of the the the within software to match the Troubleshooting
with The light and the COLOR appears users to the and software To the and Font buttons and the Then The the from the If the to first that the Then that the that switch or that the interface securely connected to the and If the with the or interface as Chapter If the the with the If the correctly, the with software. the the following There the and To the the following: the the to Double-click the Troubleshooting
the to the directory the directory. and the EPSPLMGR.EXE Double-click the the COLOR. This the Select the this Choose OK. the Then the and the light temporarily suspended. Press the to the light off. One or both or too too than months or the its First the heads as If this the the The interface might the the or The Cartridge light and the One or both both Troubleshooting
The and lights the light and nothing and the and lights flash. The sounds it nothing as as expected. Something the the right Turn off the and leaving approximately inches of to the right The anything the or EPSON. There with the Turn off the seconds, it back and If the cleared, or service The heads cleaning. Chapter instructions. One or both or too too than months or the its First the heads as If this the the The based the amount of and often the heads. If often with graphics and text with white than with of white Troubleshooting
This section to clear and to that properly. Clearing and If the clear the as follows: Turn off the the cover. the the right of the while as shown below. the If tears, Troubleshooting backward. If from the off the and smear other
feeding If caught the of the the cover. Turn the to the heads to the the and the If try the following corrective higher-quality that too thin or rough. it Also, of should Chapter information about the of too the You to sheets of of coated or of or High Quality If feeding properly, the the following: or Too the than sheets or than coated The too thin or thick. specifications, A. Troubleshooting
The too tight or too the the of the If feeding the following: The than The too thin or thick. specifications, A. Ejected wrinkled. The too thin or or Single-sheet the to the The too that within the specified specifications. feeding crooked. The or creased. smooth sheets of Too the The the and specifications. Troubleshooting
Chapter Optional Interfaces Optional Interfaces optional interfaces Optional Interfaces
Optional Interfaces You interface to the of built-in interfaces. The following EPSON interface with Interface Interface Card C823051 32KB Interface Card C823071 32KB Interface Card C823101 Interface Card C823151 Coax Interface Card C823141 If whether optional interface or to know about interfaces, optional interfaces Turn off the the from the Turn the around that its back and interface Optional Interfaces Warning: or interface when the connected to the If or
cross-head screwdriver to the screws the shield to the optional interface then off the to switches and the the interface If interface JG that to or the properly. the interface the both of the interface to the the of the interface the internal Optional Interfaces
the interface the with the screws included with the interface the interface to the interface and to the turned off. Then the cord. the optional interface, to the the interface option the To the interface follow the The C823051 and C823071 interface To the C823051 or C823071 interface the sections below to the and other such as and the C823051 or C823071 interface Selecting the You from the following rates: and second). To the the bit-rate selection the C823051 or C823071 interface Optional Interfaces Also, other interface than
the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) to that the the increases to bytes, the X-ON or the DTR to (SPACE) to that ready to the The other including and Optional Interfaces
Specifications Specifications A-2 A-2 A-4 A-7 Mechanical A-8 A-8 A-9 A-9 Interface Specifications A-9 interface A-9 interface A-12 Optional interfaces A-13 A-13 A-14 Specifications A-1
Specifications Printable and Highest MPP (MicroWeave High and MPP high or switchable Bidirectional with text and graphics. the ESC/P A-2 Specifications Character pitch (characters inch) (characters second) condensed) software and amount of covered. software and amount of covered.
Select other using ESC/P commands. the Command B. inch, inch, or 1/360-inch milliseconds 1/6-inch 64KB Font EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Font EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Character and graphics character Character international character and character Specifications A-3
Since the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or path: front sheets: sheets ASF of EPSON coated A4 inches) inches) A5 B5 inches) and distributed EPSON coated and thickness to to inches) to to ASF inches) inches) inches) DL C5 thickness than inches) to to A-4 Specifications and
and only. reduce and and other If switch to higher of Envelope and to 25C to 77F) Humidity to RH that The following EPSON S041025 (A4) S041028 coated S041026 coated (A4) S041029 coated S041027 Transparency (A4) S041030 Transparency S041032 of and Specifications A-5
sheets The top inches). The inches). The right inches) A4, B5 and inches) and inches) DL inches) C The inches). A-6 Specifications C C
Black (S020034): Black capacity* Approximately characters sheets, A4, Cartridge life* years from and within months the 25C (77F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) 60C (140F) 4C (24.8F) (W) (D) (H) (S020036): Colors and capacity* each approximately characters sheets/color, A4, Cartridge life* years from and within months of the 25C (77F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) 6C (21.2F) (W) (D) (H) The often the head cleaning function. The 4C (24.8F) and 6C (21.2F) It thaws hours 25C (77F). Specifications A-7
Mechanical feed Friction MTBF: hours head life: and inches) inches) inches) inches) inches) Height inches) pounds) including the to to Rated to to to to Rated the the back of the the of A-8 Specifications The or EPSON or to specifications. to manually. If products with EPSON the heads and warranty. the the expired.
Interface Specifications interface to 35C to 95F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) Humidity: to RH to RH Without UL with D3, CSA with D3 R.F.I.: FCC with interface and interface. The built-in interface the following characteristics: Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or Specifications A-9
assignments The interface assignments and of the interface shown the below. Direction A-10 Specifications STROBE IN STROBE to DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA About LOW ACKNLG OUT and the ready to BUSY OUT HIGH the The HIGH the following each character) and PE OUT HIGH the or SLCT OUT to through AUTO FEED XT NC Not GND ground IN IN IN IN IN IN IN IN These information to of respectively. HIGH when and LOW when IN this LOW, the
Direction CHASSIS chassis ground, GND which connected to the ground. NC Not GND Twisted-pair ground INIT IN this LOW, the to its when the first turned and the cleared. This normally HIGH; its than the receiving ERROR OUT This LOW when the of GND as NC OUT to through NC Not The heading Direction to the of as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the interface based TTL Both the and of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW. Specifications A-11
chart The below shows the chart the interface. BUSY ACKNLG DATA STROBE interface The built-in interface based the RS-422 This interface the following characteristics: Based RS-422 Synchronization: Asynchronous DTR and XON/XOFF Word Parity Connector: A-12 Specifications (both the and the of than s.
Optional interfaces The interfaces Chapter Please to the specifications the with the optional interface The to of these The turned The INIT from the interface: LOW. Software Software the ESC the command. The the and the clear). The Each of slightly effects. three the to the selected the ESC the clear the input or clear the character The the or clear the character Specifications A-13
The below shows the that when the initialized. Item Top-of-form and right 1/6-inch Character pitch selected Cleared Every characters Font selection selected effects and character Hardware/control cleared Software only Graphic assignment ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC and text the A-14 Specifications
Commands and Character Command B-2 Character B-3 International character B-7 Characters with ESC command: B-8 Commands and Character B-1
Command This with the following ESC/P commands. If information about commands, purchase the ESC/P Reference (ESCP2REF) from EPSON only the commands below: B-2 Commands and Character operation: ESC ESC ESC EM feeding CR, FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC C ESC C ESC C ESC ESC O, ESC ESC motion ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC HT, ESC VT, ESC Font selection ESC ESC ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font SI, DC2, SO, ESC DC4, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC Spacing ESC SP ESC ESC Character ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Graphics ESC ESC ESC MicroWeave ESC
Character PC437 (U.S., These character selected with the or using software commands. the the as the PC437 through 7F, the PC437 shown completely. The of the the characters through FF. Commands and Character B-3
PC850 PC860 PC861 (Icelandic) PC863 (Canadian-French) B-4 Commands and Character
PC865 (Nordic) BRASCII Commands and Character B-5
B-6 Commands and Character characters the character
International character You of the following international character with the or the ESC command. when the characters the the below the character The following international character selected with the or with the ESC command. The following selected with the ESC command. and Character B-7
Characters with ESC command: To the characters the below, the ESC command. B-8 Commands and Character
Colors that together the of three red, and RGB bidirectional high The or of characters inch of the of characters, to as pitch. character of numbers, and that with the characters CMYK and These to the of which the of each character approximately of the of characters. or spreadsheets the The amount of the and lightest The the the higher the characters inch. or that when the turned or initialized. The following apply specifically to otherwise stated.
halftoning or dithering where to of The four art, high and dithering inch. The the which with to ESC/P EPSON ESC/P ESC/P The of the ESC/P Commands this features, such as and graphics of type family of portraying and white. halftoning of to troubleshooting that advanced users the of the and the the each and ASCII characters. high both The of the or its
the to its of correction function of the that account the characteristics of the COLOR when the of to the text or correction function of the that account the characteristics of the COLOR when the amount of to the text or of which each or precisely intensity The relative caused the amount of interface The the and the interface character or which such as and MicroWeave which to reduce the of and to interface interface phosphor The that off red, or light when radiated the The of which the It than the physical of the to
software that commands the features of The of inch to three and RGB Red, and These phosphors radiated the to the subtractive of The amount of to the intensity. that as software software that such as processing, or editing. Colors that of light and others. CMYK. which the head only. Unidirectional useful graphics allows characters Characters that and the the characters.