EPSON PRINTER GUIDE
Printed Copyright America, Inc. rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with these EPSON EPSON of this information as to other EPSON EPSON ESC/P, and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. DX3, PhotoEnhance, SelecType, EPSON EPSON Photographic EPSON UltraChrome, and EPSON and EPSON service of Inc. Notice Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Notices Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. CPD-15012
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference, which the to the interference his This with of the FCC to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. WARNING This Class this interference, which the to
Introduction To follow the instructions Chapter choosing the EPSON 10600the technologically advanced of its With its head, and technologies, the photographic output than thought backed of the warranty the industry, technical Where To About This information selecting basic operation, and such as It to and troubleshooting information: The Reference summary of cleaning the head, and clearing to using the included easy reference. The Reference the CD-ROM information about the and software. You the using such as or Microsoft or Notes, and These this Warning to to to Notes information about TIP hints to the of
Introduction TIP the EPSON Graphics and options that become EPSON and and EPSON offers these optional and Optional and software Option EFI Professional Software RIP C842912 C12C815251 44-inch Core C815121 (Normal Tension) 2-inch C811133 (High Tension) 2-inch C811134 (High Tension) 3-inch C811122 C12C815271 Cutting C815182 C815192 Cutting the the built-in with heavy which the built-in You purchase optional and software, and from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please the EPSON Graphics and options that become
TIP If with the toll-free or Unit ID Where To EPSON technical and information the installation, and operation of professional products through the EPSON Preferred Protection AM to PM through and AM to PM hours and to without Unit ID which included with the EPSON Protection information that with and of purchase. EPSON technical hours through the World You reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through You purchase and from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please SM Introduction
Introduction If or software or RIP, G4 with or higher and 512MB RAM to the performance, the with If Apple recommends that from their To or should include the below: USB G3, G4, or through or recommended) IEEE DV, G3, or G4 or with or Ethernet G3, or G4 through or recommended) or higher recommended) 256MB of RAM least 512MB recommended) At least 8GB to the software and (60GB or recommended) or CD-ROM or DVD the software USB USB and shielded USB AB from to to IEEE IEEE and shielded IEEE RJ-45 Ethernet
If using or software or RIP, III or higher with 512MB RAM to the improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction. To or should include the below: IBM PC with III IV or higher recommended) NT or XP USB PC with USB (factory or XP IEEE PC with or XP Ethernet PC NT or XP 256MB of RAM (512MB or recommended) At least 50MB of free to the software, and least 150MB of free (2GB or recommended) CD-ROM or DVD the software high-speed bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to to with D-SUB, and the USB or with USB and shielded USB AB from to to IEEE IEEE and shielded IEEE RJ-45 Ethernet Introduction
Introduction the off using the button. this the light flashes then the or off the to the the light off. This that the head capped. NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively. Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating to and or shock and the or sunlight. Bright light with the causing and related the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the It properly or or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. switches or timers.
the outlet where the easily fiche the cords become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the as specifically the to service the yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service the from the the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions the or the To the the head hand. of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of and the high or from sunlight. Introduction
Introduction the or to them. This to the head. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the within months of installation.
Chapter the choosing the easy and locations to sunlight, heat, or locations of interference, such as TVs, or Follow the this chapter to the the software, and You should allow least hours this process. This covers the following information: Unpacking and assembly Connecting the the Loading the Connecting the to the software the head the the
the and Assembly Follow these to and Unpacking the the these items: Upright wrench and washers
Assembling the the of the upright as shown. Then with the included wrench. the the other the upright to the other four securely. the
the Unpacking the the these items included: 3-inch 2-inch with 2-inch UltraChrome only: and 3-inch cover
Mounting the the the casters to the from Then the the relation to the as shown: the
the Warning to the with than four To the recessed to the the recessed each of the four people, the as shown, and the the the to the with and washers. top showing locations
choosing the easy and locations to sunlight, heat, or locations of interference, such as TVs, or conditioners. from the to and the the front cover and the wing screw and washer from the head. these to the the front cover. the and the casters. Then the to its of (The casters the the casters and the the
the Attaching the the to the the to the Turn the its seams and the front rear
the rear of the the the that the around the Then its the as shown. the to their length. the of the as shown. the
the the front and Then to the the and the To the them the of the the to the as shown
outlet that or switch. off the and Connecting the Cord the to the AC the back of the Route the through the three and them as shown. the properly grounded the
the If Chrome switch the Black and Black to follow the Cartridges which of the the included with of three of EPSON Photographic EPSON Archival EPSON UltraChrome Once first the to with that of the of the switch to of If EPSON that UltraChrome included the Black and included; to as to switch first the the type thats to Black UltraChrome Black type and type Black photographic types. photographic and jet-coated such as EPSON and Black photographic or such as EPSON Enhanced Smooth and Textured and EPSON, when the highest of photographic
the grounded Then follow these to the to the Press the and release the to the
the If Chrome to type. the to the of the cover. the top of the first and the the and If Archival or UltraChrome the gently, as shown.
Warning If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If cant the smoothly, the off the the of the or the cover or cover while the charging the the arrow its the the the Dont force the back the through the other the cover. The charging the The light the flashes and the sounds. Charging about off the or this or than necessary. the light flashing and appears the ready to the the
the touching the of the as as from Loading the the that included with (It should already the 2-inch You this to the this chapter. Follow these to the the cover. the white the right mounting the the white the right
To feeding when the of the the mounting Press the Source the the light the
the the to the released The light the and LOAD PAPER appears the the the You hear the suction
If the that with the the suction the This to feed the the through the the
the To the the while the or light flashing. Turn the back to Then the with the of the the the then the cover. PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the Press the The head and the automatically. READY appears the the and seconds.)
the or connecting to or the Connecting the to the to of the following: USB interface compatible)for (factory-installed), XP, and interfacefor IEEE interfacefor XP, and Ethernet interfacefor through Ethernet or directly to PC or with Ethernet EPSON or USB, when with third-party RIP or directly from If included to and them the of the If choose to the of to the To should switched the
the If the when to first USB directly to the USB Connecting to the USB To the to USB shielded USB Follow the below to the to both the and off. the of the USB to the USB the back of the of the USB to USB or first USB with the instructions
Connecting to the Only) To the built-in interface, shielded, bidirectional, Follow the below to the to both the and off. the securely the interface. Then the together they both the other of the the with the instructions the
the Connecting to the IEEE To through the IEEE shielded IEEE Follow the below to the to both the and turned off. of the IEEE to of the IEEE the back of the other of the IEEE to IEEE with the instructions
To to RJ-45 straight through If to the directly to (instead of through RJ-45 Connecting to the Ethernet To the using its Ethernet Ethernet Follow the below to the the turned off. of the to the the back of the other of the to or directly to as If through instructions and to the If connecting directly to with the instructions the section. the
the Turn off protection software. the Software Follow the below or to software. the Software connecting the to Macintosh, to the and included software CD-ROM. Follow these Turn and Turn off protection software. the software CD-ROM If necessary, the EPSON CD-ROM to its Double-click the Double-click the option to the type Archival Photographic or UltraChrome Select the type At the first Read the and
If Chrome and to Custom from the the top of this then the option. The on-screen Reference information about the and software. You to this Click the then the Follow the instructions to software and informing that the CD the and to Macintosh. the on-screen Reference (If to the CD-ROM and with Double-click the At the Reference Select Reference and follow the instructions to and the CD-ROM. If to the the of these to the Chooser from the Apple the
the If and the the Chooser Active when the USB the Inactive then the USB If Ethernet the Active Click the then the Turn Background to while and the EPSON to the Chooser. If connecting the directly to with the instructions
the Software the to the and from software CD-ROM. Follow these turned off. Turn and Turn off protection software software. the software CD-ROM The automatically. If (or XP). Then CD-ROM Double-click the option to the type Photographic or UltraChrome Select the type If with You New If Next and follow the instructions to the EPSON and with the following XP: that the software hasnt testing, this installation, to the
the If connecting through the or Ethernet turn when to Instead, the Stop Searching appears. Then the and to If through the or Ethernet the follow the instructions below then to or NT: Turn the or to the XP: to the the New the Once the New appears, the software then Next the shown below selected. Then Next Then to Select this
The on-screen Reference information about the and software. If this Retry or Click the informing that OK or If to If that the to LPT1, to the using Ethernet or Reference instructions. If them to the on-screen Reference (If to the CD-ROM.) the CD-ROM If the (or XP). Then CD-ROM At the Reference Select Reference and follow the on-screen instructions to and the CD-ROM. If connecting the directly to with the instructions the
the You New IEEE-1394. If to to the type and operating If with (IEEE-1394) New EPSON If follow the below to the software the the software where off. At the first New Next At the below, Search then Next Select Specify location and Next Click the and the the EPSON CD-ROM: If Archival to the Drivers\Cf\Win2K_XP If Photographic to the If UltraChrome to the Click OK then Next to the Then to the software instructions where off.
to as these If with the EPSON software, the (below) If from through the Utility the The graphics to the of This built EPSON and turned the this turned EPSON the turned of Turn it off and to whether If to the software as or the
the the If from through the and the of the following: XP: Click and Double-click and Other then and Right-click and Preferences other of Click to then Right-click and or NT), or Preferences Click the then the You to the following: If than
Select from the following options: High of of the as cache. If high whether or the displayed when EPSON or only) the of EPSON instead of using the You of these beneath the EPSON option: High (DMA) that already using DMA higher DMA know that DMA Reference instructions DMA them. information, or technical If DMA RAW XP, and NT only) the RAW instead of the EMF the RAW and such as memory or Click OK to the and to the Then OK to the the
the follow the below to from The of that head clogged. the from software instead of the that connected and properly. the turned and loaded, as (You the of If the that with to higher-quality of the following: Macintosh: and from the Click to and Right-click and then or NT), or Preferences XP: Click and Click and Other then and Right-click and Preferences Click the Click the Click
You the Click to Click the then to the It should with or as shown below; the should and deflected. (You to to the If the and the then to the Head the
the If the (as shown below) or of (deflected), Clean and follow the instructions to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. the light off, the then: Click Confirmation then Next Click then The If the correctly, then to the Head If the incorrect, Clean to clean the head It cleaning to the head If the the appear cleaning the off and overnight, then the head the following morning. If EPSON
to first, as instructed, the You to each than once You least to the the Head the should the head to already as If clogged, the head correctly and the turned and loaded, as the of that with the Press the SelecType HEAD ALIGNMENT MENU displayed. Press the Item PAPER THICK=STD appears the Press the You ALIGNMENT LC the Press the that ALIGNMENT appears. Press the to the the first C You of to the below the of the or the that with the to which the (Each of the which the evenly. the below, the the the
the Ideally, should the of the If to the early. the first, then the ALL the other the to the consistently the If which the the It shows C=8 which that the C If to the the or to the that Then the to the through each the to the head If the to that than or than should the to that or the each You to the head than once to that the choice each the as should ALIGNMENT ALL The exactly the the the choice To the to which the the the Once this finished
This section to as To directly to without as Network If connected follow the the section to each to the or XP NT or Network Network This section to the as shared First the software every that to the as Then the (the to which connected the to the and the to to as the the these the to which connected the Turn the the Chooser, and the Then the the connected to. the
the Turning background allows to to the the Click the On to Background Click the You the following this then type the and information as Click OK The of the appears the the Chooser. the Chooser. the Computers these every that to the the Chooser, the and then the shared the right. You from the connected to
To background should turned off computers. This section to as shared To directly to without as If prompted the the and OK Background turned off. Then the Chooser. to the following: from the as head from the as or Network This section to that the network First the software every that to the as Then the (the to which the to the and the to to the these the to which connected the Click to then Double-click the Network Click the and You this the
the If the CD-ROM, the CD-ROM and follow the If to Then with Select the to to allow others to to printer(s) and OK the Network OK the Right-click then (or You to the following: Select Shared the information as then Apply Click OK to the the Computers these that to the Click to and Double-click the
The appears. Click Next You the following: Click Network then Next Click Double-click the of the (directly connected to the Then the Click OK and follow the the to to the following: from the as head from the as the
the This section to as shared To directly to without as XP Network This section to that the First the software every that to the as Then the (the to which connected the to the and the to to the these the to which connected the Click then Click and then and Right-click the then If the following appears, of the options, then follow the instructions to as
the following Select this then type the of the shared as shown. choose from the Additional Click OK the Computers these every that to the Click then Click and then and Click the
the The appears. Click Next You the following: Click then Next Click then Next Double-click the of the (directly connected to the Then the Click OK and follow the the to to the following: from the as head from the as
This section to as shared To directly to without it as or to NT or Network This section to that the First the software every that to the as Then the (the to which connected the to the and the to to the these the to which connected the Click to and then from the You the following: Click the Shared NT) or Shared as and the Dont from the NT) or Additional Click OK the
the the Computers these every that to the Click to and Right-click then NT). Click the to the following Click You the
Select then New The following appears: the text type the information the below, then OK of connected to the of the shared the On the the and its selected. Then OK to the as the following sections and from the as head as the
the
and Other The EPSON of including and to inches You heavy including to thick. This chapter includes the following information: Selecting EPSON Selecting the the Creating
and Other Selecting You of coated, and other The following sheets to to to to Thickness to to to to Its to of the purchasing or or other to their thickness and instructions. follow these as as those included when EPSON and other touching the of the or other with the or Choose software instructions. You to to which Select the or both the software and the (Macintosh) or to the software. its and cool, to of or where they to high humidity, or sunlight.
the EPSON Graphics or authorized EPSON and other that EPSON the type Sheet Compatible 8.3-inch S041376 13-inch S041378 24-inch S041638 36-inch S041639 44-inch S041640 44-inch S041463 36-inch S041462 24-inch S041461 20-inch S041645 13-inch S041409 10-inch S041644 8.3-inch S041408 S041331 S041327 24-inch S041655 36-inch S041656 44-inch S041657 EPSON EPSON which specially the high-quality The following the of EPSON If with using follow the the as to which to type (Photographic or UltraChrome match the to of purchasing or to and Other S041290 S041288 S041289 S041405 (A3): S041406 S041407 Photographic UltraChrome
and Other EPSON the type Compatible 44-inch SP91002 36-inch SP91001 24-inch SP91021 44-inch SP91004 36-inch SP91003 24-inch SP91022 S041141, S041271, S041272 S041140 S041142 S041156 S041143 S041145 Quality S041070 S041069 S041079 S041171 S041102 ColorLife 24-inch S041664 44-inch S041666 44-inch S041220 36-inch S041221 24-inch S041295 44-inch S041387 36-inch S041386 24-inch S041385 Enhanced 24-inch S041595 36-inch S041596 44-inch S041597 S041341 S041343 S041339 Photographic UltraChrome Archival
EPSON the type Compatible S041257 Heavyweight S041260 S041263 Enhanced S041598 S041599 EPSON Proofing 13-inch S041668 24-inch S041658 36-inch S041659 44-inch S041660 /EPSON Proofing 44-inch S041389 S041456 22-inch S041388 44-inch S041226 Heavyweight 36-inch S041227 24-inch S041291 44-inch S041228 Heavyweight 36-inch S041229 24-inch S041292 44-inch S041484 36-inch S041483 24-inch S041482 Quality S041072 S041075 S041074 S041237 S041236 and Other S041203 S041160 Photographic UltraChrome Archival
and Other EPSON the type Compatible EPSON S041636 S041637 24-inch SP91203 SP91200 EPSON 44-inch SP91204 SP91201 SP91202 Smooth 44-inch S041433 36-inch S041432 24-inch S041431 Textured 44-inch S041449 36-inch S041448 24-inch S041447 Synthetic 44-inch S041401 36-inch S041400 24-inch S041399 Synthetic 44-inch S041404 36-inch S041403 24-inch S041619 44-inch S041438 36-inch S041437 24-inch S041436 44-inch S041533 36-inch S041532 24-inch S041531 44-inch S041496 36-inch S041495 24-inch S041494 S041351 White optional 3-inch high-tension optional 2-inch high-tension S041434 S041435 S041450 S041451 Photographic UltraChrome Archival
Select the as or Selecting the to the type of The the following recommended EPSON whether Photographic or UltraChrome to from the recommended the to If with the should with to which Once selected the the This the or the intensity of the MicroWeave You these from the as UltraChrome from EPSON software or and Other
and Other TIP If EPSON listed, the instructions included with the or the EPSON prographics.epson.com). Select these Photographic when with Photographic Product PHOTO GLOSSY PAPER PREMIUM LUSTER PHOTO PAPER PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER PREMIUM LUSTER PHOTO PAPER PHOTO GLOSSY PAPER PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER PHOTO PAPER Quality PHOTO QUALITY INK JET PAPER COLORLIFE PHOTO PAPER SEMIGLOSS PRESENTATION MATTE PAPER PHOTO QUALITY INK JET PAPER Heavyweight PRESENTATION MATTE PAPER EPSON PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER Heavyweight PHOTO PAPER Heavyweight PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER Backlight PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER Quality GLOSSY FILM PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER these when with Archival when with Archival type PREMIUM LUSTER PHOTO PAPER PREMIUM SEMIGLOSS PHOTO PAPER PHOTO GLOSSY PAPER PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER
when with type Doubleweight DOUBLEWEIGHT MATTE PAPER PHOTO GLOSSY PAPER BACKLIGHT FILM EPSON SMOOTH FINE ART PAPER EPSON SMOOTH FINE ART PAPER Smooth SMOOTH FINE ART PAPER Textured TEXTURED FINE ART PAPER Synthetic SYNTHETIC PAPER Synthetic ADHESIVE SYNTHETIC PAPER ADHESIVE VINYL CANVAS TYVEK BRILLION WATERCOLOR PAPER- White RADIANT WHITE Select the to this high to the there to higher (Archival only): and with higher selected This brighter Each of these with EPSON of which High and High with higher such as point-of-purchase displays. Compared to other types, High increases the and High increases the You to to the and Other
and Other type these when with UltraChrome when with UltraChrome PREMIUM GLOSSY PHOTO PAPER PREMIUM LUSTER PHOTO PAPER PREMIUM SEMIGLOSS PHOTO PAPER PREMIUM SEMIMATTE PHOTO PAPER PHOTO GLOSSY PAPER PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER DOUBLEWEIGHT MATTE PAPER Enhanced ENHANCED MATTE PAPER Enhanced ENHANCED MATTE POSTERBOARD EPSON PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER GLOSSY PAPER PHOTO WEIGHT BACKLIGHT FILM EPSON SMOOTH FINE ART PAPER EPSON ENHANCED MATTE PAPER or ENHANCED MATTE POSTERBOARD Smooth SMOOTH FINE ART PAPER Textured TEXTURED FINE ART PAPER Synthetic ENHANCED SYNTHETIC PAPER Synthetic ENHANCED ADHESIVE SYNTHETIC PAPER CANVAS
You purchase and other options from the EPSON Graphics or authorized EPSON information. The with 2-inch and 3-inch of (with switching). Switching from to another process. High-tension both 2-inch and 3-inch recommended options such as EPSON Synthetic Smooth and Textured the higher the from Other options include the Reference operating instructions) and the Cutting with heavy Loading the To follow these the off the of the the the as shown: the the fits securely the the back the and the of the and Other
and Other both 2-inch and 3-inch loaded, the 3-inch the and 2-inch the This the from the from the to of the around the Warning to 3-inch the They and of the mounting Loading Once the follow these to the the cover. the white of the the right mounting the the of the the mounting the the white the right
To feeding when Press the Source to or Choose the to each printed. Choose or other heavy below). that too thick the choose this the optional or to of and them together with of these EPSON Enhanced Smooth Textured EPSON the manually using or the optional Cutting information). and Other
and Other the to the released The light the and LOAD PAPER appears the the the You hear the suction If heavy to increase the suction the button. This the and lightweight the suction the This to feed the
the the through the Turn the back to Then the with the of the and Other
and Other To the the while the or light flashing. the the then the cover. PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the Press the The head and the automatically. READY appears the the and seconds.)
TIP using or other the first to Then to the Cutting information attaching and the to the that with Selecting to the software. If the EPSON the following: choose software instructions. If or type the to the to the the or both the software and the or instructions selecting the software. You to the or the catches as they of the Cutting Printouts from the to theyre from the If using the automatically. If of the following: If heavy such as or should selected heavy the built-in the manually or the optional If of ordinary thickness, selected to together If the built-in to off If the correctly, of the buttons to the Normally, to this finished. Press Source the light Press the Cut/Eject The and Other
and Other To the the while the or light Removing Unused Once from the follow these to the to the released the back the the with The shorter 2-inch the 3-inch 2-inch 3-inch
To the the of the the and from the To the from the then the with hand. the off the of the then the its packageincluding the and You of and other The sheets from inches) to inches. You the when sheets; and with the as If than thick, instructions. You to follow the this section. Follow these to the and the cover closed. Press the Source the light the pushed the the and Other
and Other If PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appear, the selected the and its or the head. the the the right of the straight and with the the cover. You PRESS PAUSE BUTTON the Press the The head and the automatically. READY appears the finished, the the To while the You heavy to inches, such as EPSON to inches). Follow these instructions when or other than thick. the to catch front of the instructions. other You the and it with the Press the Source the light
If than inches it first the to the released Then the cover. (The cover that the the the the board with the the cover. and Other
and Other To the the while the or light flashing. If satisfactory, to the the the then the cover. PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the Press the The head and the board automatically. READY appears the the and seconds.) finished, the the To the while the to the released
the to catch front of the the The cloth that to and catches as they This the from or You the to catch the the or to feed straight front. Catching Printouts of the Follow these to the front of the Unhook the from the theyre and Other
and Other the of the stretched If there the properly to the the the Then the they the Catching Printouts the To catch the the the Then the the to their length.
The the head with the You to thickness the Creating Custom You the SelecType options to the and of these the below the the You the to the and or off features. These apply to You the as the extra-thin or thick to the This physically the head to or farther from the Normally, the AUTO allows the to automatically. However, satisfactory when of thickness, this to NARROW or WIDE as Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item PLATEN GAP=AUTO appears the Press the or to PLATEN GAP=WIDE or PLATEN GAP=NARROW Press the to the Press the or SelecType to the The or appears the right of the to of the switch to this back to AUTO. and Other
and Other affected the the top and to If the the right of or or the right and using Follow these Press the SelecType You the PRINTER SETTING MENU Press the Item repeatedly PAGE LINE=OFF This the Press the or PAPER LINE=ON appears the Press the to Press the or SelecType to the If the EPSON through or information. Margins The inches or and right) and or (top and You the the to to or Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly ROLL MARG=T/B15MM appears the This the Press the once to to ROLL MARG=3MM appears the Press the to to ROLL MARG=15MM appears the You the or to through three the the to Then the or SelecType to the
Turning The normally and to than the or You off the and/or to these features. sprayed the that too the Follow these to off Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly PAPER SIZE CHK=ON or PAPER ALIGN CHK=ON appears the Press the or PAPER SIZE CHK=OFF or PAPER ALIGN CHK=OFF appears the Press the to Press the or SelecType to the Restoring You the and them to their Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly INIT SETUP=EXEC appears the Press the to and the Press the or SelecType to the and Other
and Other If Chrome and from the EPSON and from there. The those them selecting from the the choose type EPSON software, the the to the the or from third-party RIP station. You the to If the to follow the below. and of each type of to types), and them whenever Press the SelecType PAPER CONFIG. MENU appears the Press the Item PAPER NUMBER=STD appears the pressing the Item to of the following then the options option Function CUT PRESSURE Decreases the thinner CUT METHOD choose and thicker or thinner choose PPR FEED ADJ when high Increase DRYING TIME when with You the head to seconds each to allow to the SUCTION the suction when thinner than such as CAD or PRINT the of the MicroWeave ADJUSTMENT Increase the the higher
Its to of and numbers. the or to then to To another the Item the option. the or SelecType to the You to of each type of to thickness. Then easily whenever Press the SelecType PAPER CONFIG. MENU appears the Press the Item PAPER NUMBER=STD appears the If first or type of the to PAPER NUMBER=1 Then the the to the to Press the Item THICK. PAT.=PRINT appears the Press to the thickness Following the to which of the straightest or the and the the the the straightest. and Other
and Other Press the or to the noted Then Press the Item to of the options the the or to then to Press the or SelecType to the Once created them whenever theyre Press the SelecType PAPER CONFIG. MENU appears the Press the Item You PAPER NUMBER=1. Press the or to the to or the STD Then the Press the or SelecType to the the or back to STD
Chapter with EPSON EPSON with and that and without RIP. ICC ColorSync included, advanced features from or the This chapter includes the following information: Choosing options Choosing basic options Choosing advanced options Checking
with EPSON the options. to the If information about options, the TIP Creating the of You the to the Choosing of the options to features that through the Software options and Follow these to choose and choose from You the Select the based the of If and the (inches or the to
These through the to with EPSON Select the type of or from the Source If than inches You this to of without them. If the following shorter than the of the rotated and crosswise. Choose this option the to each thicker types). Prints the right and of feeding the of the of when selected as the Source. the or and Printable when Source to Sheet OK
with EPSON Choosing Once selected options, to The EPSON offers that and when EPSON You choose advanced and as Follow these to basic Choose from the of You this This shows the cant them from Choose the of and which to Select the as the type, the the type of photographic Photographic or or Color/B&W UltraChrome Select Black only or other non-photographic
You and them to this information. with EPSON the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears the to the of the this appear.) Custom Then choose of the from the as the or the Advanced and Choosing Advanced or of the following options from the pull-down Photo-realistic and the and brightness. Corrects or of the and the and highlights. with non-photographic Custom Advanced the of that of the of the head and when choose photo or types. Text/Graph and the and highlights. with photographic ColorSync based ICC the
with EPSON Choose from the following buttons to features: Click to the and information about the Chapter about the Click to reduce to the or other options. Click to background This while and the information. Click and then the to Click to finished choosing options, Print. Choosing Advanced The advanced options these to or to of options to Follow these to with advanced Follow through Click Custom and then Advanced You to this: These three options the of the
turned with EPSON If necessary, and Choose of the following Quality Normal and high and the High to photo than The the Choose or Choose of the following: MicroWeave and MicroWeave effects. These selected types. If with the MicroWeave MicroWeave High fast, bidirectional quality. If when the High to off or the head. of with backlight
with EPSON TIP If off the Choose of the following specify brightness, and CMY or choose from the three You choose from three which the and of the the PhotoEnhance4 Allows to and other to that reflects the choose. of the ColorSync from three to EPSON of the Normally, should the of software instead. the Choose this to own Click to Then type the of and The to of finished advanced OK
Notice: Conditions to the of lighting the appearance of daylight appear to slightly when should that the the lighting which they displayed. The EPSON to when with D50 (daylight) light with EPSON The following the when choose PhotoEnhance4, or ColorSync. PhotoEnhance4 to or and the of the with PhotoEnhance4 and the information and correction accordingly. Photo-realistic and the and brightness. Corrects or of the and the and highlights. with non-photographic the as earlier EPSON Increases Matches with PhotoEnhance4 choose from Normal tone correction, high (as and choose from four effects (and the intensity the Low/High Sharpness Soft and Corrects and other to Correction
with EPSON ColorSync photographic the relationship as it them to within charts and business graphics. the of from to another. with such as and that within the of both and To the the the Advanced with UltraChrome only). The following They using the this to the when off software). Drying Head light or when high and creates Thickness when thick or thin to Suction the suction when thinner than such as CAD or backlight the that caused when thinner become with Decreases the thinner to You the head to seconds each to allow to the
with EPSON with that and or them. First to background to while printed. that background and Background You background from the Chooser, as or the background the Follow these to background and choose from the Click the background You the following Not background turned off To background the On To the of to of the following: to Normal Normal to the the to the the and the to the right to the the ready to release the following section
with EPSON You background to the EPSON instructions. Click OK to and to the Click to If selected or spooled, the the specified or released as the following section. The and as as their the the right of the and EPSON You the following: to Click to or The the To or the then of the following buttons: Click to Click to Click to
If and the the EPSON from the to release the and with EPSON You the following: Double-click the to Double-click to the of to Click to Click to the head cleaning information about the cleaning If to of the then the arrow. The Priority becomes active. Click the whose to change. Then the Priority and of the following Normal the the the Normal the the the ready to release clicking the the and to the then OK Priority selected the highlighted
with EPSON If to follow these Press the to off the of the following, whether using background and the to the If background off, the If background turned EPSON from the and the then the to the Checking The the of and and other of operation. Follow these to Click the the or You the Click to the
with EPSON Click the EPSON The software the amount of the and displays the To information about the that To the the To the OK Selecting You the the to and warning and the Follow these Click the the or You the Click the Click to Click information about each
with EPSON Warning allow to serious and to You the Select to of and Select where Click to and/or the Select from the following choose whether to and text or text Warning choose whether and text or only. Temporary and Temporary High the that the temporary created when to the Click the Select to the from the shown. to the head Normally, graphics this option, the its and then to the as whole (recommended The checkboxes choose to software or finishing options, OK to to the Click to to the
with EPSON with and that and without RIP. ICC included, the advanced of or the This chapter includes the following information: Choosing options Choosing and options Choosing advanced options Checking
with EPSON If information about options, the Choosing to The EPSON offers that and when using EPSON You choose advanced and as Follow these to and choose from the You the selected, and then the (or Preferences XP). If or instead. Then or Preferences the the following appears: This shows the cant them from Select the as
with EPSON the type, the the type of photographic Photographic or Archival or Color/B&W UltraChrome Select Black or other non-photographic the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears the to the of the this appear.) Custom Then choose of the from the as the or the Advanced and Choosing Advanced instructions. or of the following options from the pull-down Photo-realistic photographic and corrects or of the non-photographic and the and highlights.
with EPSON You and them to this information. Custom Text/Graph and the and highlights. with non-photographic ICM based ICC the (effective only). If ICM-compatible to closely match using the with other or the finished choosing the and follow the instructions choosing and options
the to the TIP Creating the of with EPSON Choosing and options to features that through the Software options and Follow these to choose and On the the You this Select the type of or from the Source If than inches Select the based the of If listed, Then the of inch (or
with EPSON These through the Select Landscape to the following options: shorter than the of the The rotated and crosswise. to and the of Choose this option the to each thicker types). Prints the right and of feeding the of the of selected as the Source. the and when Source to If to reduce or the Choose the then OK
of these options appear, with EPSON Choosing Advanced these Advanced to or to of options to Follow through Click Custom and then Advanced You to this: If necessary, and Choose of the following Quality Normal and high and the High to photo than choose PhotoEnhance4, of options the of the
with EPSON turned TIP If off the Choose of the following: MicroWeave or MicroWeave effects. These selected types. If with the MicroWeave MicroWeave High fast, bidirectional quality. If when the High to off or the head. of with backlight Choose of the following specify brightness, and CMY or choose from the the You choose from three which the and PhotoEnhance4 Allows to and other to that reflects the photographic tone and of the the Choose this to the matching with other or the ICM based the ICC the only). If to match
Notice: Conditions to the of lighting the appearance of appear to slightly when should that the the lighting which they displayed. The EPSON to when with D50 (daylight) light with EPSON Click to advanced Then type the of and click The to of finished OK The following the when choose or PhotoEnhance4 PhotoEnhance4 to or and the of the with PhotoEnhance4 and that closely matches the Photo-realistic and the and brightness. Corrects or of the and the and highlights. with non-photographic the as earlier EPSON Increases Matches with
with EPSON PhotoEnhance4 choose from Normal tone correction, high (as and tone choose from four (and the the Low/High Sharpness, Soft and Corrects and other to Correction To the the the Advanced with UltraChrome only). The following They the the when off software). Drying Head light or when high and creates Thickness when thick or thin to Suction Decreases the suction when thinner than such as CAD or the that caused when thinner become with Decreases the thinner to You the head to seconds each to allow to the
with EPSON with that and or them. The each The with NT) appears the when which appears the the and information about the the appears You the buttons to or You and If the to appear, off. instructions. Click to Click to appear Click the
with EPSON the The with NT) displays the of and them. To the while the EPSON that appears the the of the You the To or the to highlight then the the of the The of and when You from or from the Command buttons
with EPSON To from the as the following: XP: Click and Double-click and Other then and Right-click and Preferences other of Click to then Right-click and or NT), or Preferences Click the You the Click to
with EPSON If theres such as or displays To that instructions the Click the EPSON The following appears. (It when To information about the Information Preferences You choose when and to of whether to appear and whether to allow other who the Follow these of the following: XP: Click and Double-click and Other then and Right-click and Preferences other of Click to then Right-click and or NT), or Preferences appear Click information about each
If the to and of the with EPSON Click the then the You the information about the Appears connected to Appears than Click the Preferences You the Preferences Select the options to with NT
with EPSON If to the appear the Shortcut Then the to the shortcut, the to the (shown or right-click then Preferences the Select Allow of shared and to other Click OK to
and Transporting the The EPSON to its This chapter the following procedures: Checking and cleaning the head Switching the Cleaning the Transporting or the the
and Transporting the Checking and the the amount of the of and the of and other You or the the The shows the the amount of each the count, and the of Follow these to of the (You the Press the SelecType the TEST PRINT MENU the Press the Item STATUS CHECK=PRINT the Press the The The of the and other indicated the E*****F below: E*****F (or E**** (or E*** (or E** (or E* nearly (or service (or service Press the SelecType to the
Checking and To information the instead of follow these Press the SelecType the Press PRINTER STATUS MENU the Press the Item You the firmware the the Item to the amount each of the or service of The as follows: E*****F (or E**** (or E*** (or E** (or E* nearly (or service E* than of (or service life) Following of of the items displayed. that the the and to authorized EPSON service INK LEFT-K JOB HISTORY INK LEFT-C CLEAR JOB (clear history) INK LEFT-M TOTAL PRINTS INK LEFT-LC (light WASTE INK INK LEFT-LM (light CUTTER LIFE INK LEFT-Y (yellow) CR MOTOR INK USED PF MOTOR feed PAPER USED HEAD UNIT head) INK COUNT CLEAR CLEANER (cleaning PAPER C CLEAR count clear) Press the SelecType to the and Transporting the
and Transporting the TIP You or coated to this Cleaning If unexpectedly light or or from the to cleaning This the head they properly. The cleaning should To whether cleaning necessary, first. You should cleaning the head to the cleaning There to and cleaning the buttons, as below the software, as the If the cleaning this section the SSCL cleaning the SSCL cleaning as and than the cleaning. Follow these to using the buttons: the turned and loaded. (You or sheets, Press the SelecType the TEST PRINT MENU the Press the Item You NOZZLE CHECK=PRINT the
Dont cleaning while thick the Press the button. The as shown below. If the the with or the head cleaning. (You to to the If of or from the as shown below, the head as the section. Cleaning the Head from the Follow these to the cleaning from the to the head cleaning. lights the off. that of the light flashing or to the instead. instructions. If Press the Cleaning and least seconds. The light flashes as the cleans its head. The cleaning about seconds and the light off, the to that the head clean. You to the cleaning the correct. effective cleaning, and Transporting the
and Transporting the If the the appear cleaning or of the off and overnight, then the head the following morning. If SSCL cleaning as below. Performing SSCL Cleaning The SSCL cleaning cleaning than the cleaning to SSCL cleaning, the cleaning as to that the SSCL cleaning really lights the off. that of the light flashing or to the instructions). If Turn off the to the the while the the to which cleaning. Then the Item the SSCL option the to clean: SSCL B/C=EXEC cleaning the and SSCL LM/LC=EXEC cleaning the light and light SSCL M/Y=EXEC cleaning the and Press Cleaning about to to turn the off. Then turn the back and to that the clean. You to the SSCL cleaning to the the cleaning the If repeated cleanings the to clogged, to the head. EPSON the Introduction).
to coated the the to the or of thickness. the Head If appears or straight, to the head. Although the head using the software, to the This the head and If already the head This that the head correctly. the Head from the Follow the below to the head. to first, as instructed, the You to each than once Turn the 44-inch the the of that with the Press the SelecType HEAD ALIGNMENT MENU displayed. Press the Item PAPER THICK=STD appears the If using EPSON this STD If other the thickness of the to the or Press the You ALIGNMENT LC the Press the that ALIGNMENT appears. Press the to the and Transporting the
and Transporting the You least to the Ideally, should the of the If to the early. the first C You of to the below the of the or the that with the to which the of the which the the evenly. the below, the the the other the first to the consistently the If which the the It shows C=8 which that the C If to the the or to the that Then the to the through each the to the head If to to of the should the to that shows the You to the than once to that the choice each
If ALL to the first. the as should ALIGNMENT ALL The exactly the the the choice To the to which the the shown the and Transporting the
and Transporting the You INK OUT lights flashing. Cartridges should as below. If of the the and without of quality. Partially to months and Its to them of Checking of the lights flashing (and INK LOW displayed the the of lights the light and INK OUT displayed, the empty. You
You the EPSON Other and covered warranty. the without and Transporting the and Cartridges the first the to Photographic or UltraChrome the with the type, or and the the following EPSON the the Photographic Black T499201 Light T504201 T502201 Light T503201 T501201 T500201 Archival Black T511201 Light T516201 T514201 Light T515201 T513201 T512201 UltraChrome T549100 Light T549500 T549800 Light T549600 T549200 T549400 T549300 UltraChrome Black or Black). switching to with the type as currently If incorrect the displays WRONG CARTRIDGE and You which currently the each (If necessary, the to the You information using the EPSON or To EPSON or EPSON You the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
and Transporting the the Then follow these to the of the light that or flashing. This the that to the the cover to release the and the cover. INK COMPART. OPEN appears the the containing the to the INK OUT light). Press the top of the and it
Warning If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with Dont that previously. Doing to to the the This and and the the straight of the the the and it from its If or UltraChrome the
and Transporting the If cant the smoothly, the the and the with the arrow the and the Then the the Dont force the the back the light off. Then the cover.
You purchase items from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please and Transporting the Switching Black If EPSON UltraChrome switch to the first the to Black or Black to choice). If switch Black and type Black photographic types. photographic and jet-coated such as EPSON Black photographic or such as EPSON Enhanced Smooth and Textured and EPSON, when the highest of photographic the switching the You the that with the to You or To switch the that with This empty, that to the to switch to, the Black or It to shouldnt that the from
and Transporting the Since this from the as as the to there enough the the lights the If light or to the switching If there enough or prompted the to them. If enough to the from should or switching numbers. If the to as the to the Press the SelecType MAINTENANCE MENU the Press the Item BK INK CHANGE=EXEC then If WASTE INK TANK FULL displayed, or EPSON to the replaced. Where To Press the SelecType to the
off the once the If the back You the the where and Transporting the the Black Cartridge the as Once the from the off the finished switching Follow these to the process: the and READY the Press the SelecType MAINTENANCE MENU displayed the Press the Item BK INK CHANGE=EXEC then The displays OPEN INK COVER the cover and the (Press the top of the to release then the the the the then the cover. The the and the to the Once the OPEN INK COVER the cover and the
and the to the the INSERT BK INK the the Then the cover. You the indicating the of the charging. K: EPSON GENUINE INK displayed. to the section to software. the Once switched to the software) that which Follow these the Chooser from the Apple Click the and as shown. when the Chooser. This the Click then
and Transporting the Click the software and the information displayed, as shown below. If necessary, the information manually. Click the then the and Option Information of the options shown below. Click OK to the software. This the information
and Transporting the Warning to while the the If that isnt cleanly, the to replaced. If the to heavy or to You the of the or the the instructions. You C12C815271) from EPSON or the EPSON Graphics please To the first to the as the following section. the Used the then follow these to the Press the SelecType repeatedly MAINTENANCE MENU appears the Press the Item CUT. REPLACE=EXEC. appears the
and Transporting the Press the The head to the OPEN LOWER COVER appears the the cover. To release the its white then the to the right.
and Transporting the to the or the of the off the then the to the the the while turning the to the the cover. The head to the
to the the To the as as the or thinners to the to the or Dont or Dont the of the with the or servicer and Transporting the Cleaning the To its should it thoroughly the turned off and the lights the off. Then the and the from the the cover and the from the Then to clean or the cover. the cover and to or the cover. Then the cover. the Then or around the assembly If the dirty, clean with cloth with the closed to from If the the cover with off with cloth. To the the shafts, then with and
and Transporting the TIP Its to partially resealable Transporting or the If the the its Follow the instructions To the should it using the and Follow the instructions below to the If to years the Photographic or months the or UltraChrome EPSON information). service from the the Shipment Follow the below to the EPSON as service the from the shipped. Once the off the and the head to the the right) and the light off. Then the the locking screw that the following and interface or other Optional installed) Optional
Warning The four people using the as shown. and Transporting the If the from its first the casters the assembly and the touching the the the to the the them With four the using the located the four corners of the the located near the hand the holding the while
and Transporting the the or the Transportation the to the first the chapter Dont to the locking The first the the head clogged. You to cleaning and the head to the the to the such as within the building or facility, the its casters. Follow these the turned off and the the the right). If the back the to the then off the the and interface the covers closed. the the then the the ground.
and Transporting the Release the front casters and the the to its location. the casters and the the Approximately years of or should authorized EPSON servicer the This to to the head and and this service covered the of the warranty. You the of the through the or through the the that the nearing the of its service life. The displays the following the when the MAINTENANCE REQ. You should to service this the capacity, the and displays the following SERVICE REQ.
and Transporting the
Chapter The first thing should the following the this chapter. Then the the fixed. This chapter instructions the following: including clearing Uninstalling and software The EPSON includes of to To the the and lights the information. If the EPSON and or software Chapter or information. To whether the caused the the from and from the instructions. If third-party RIP and directly from the EPSON If of the this chapter EPSON as Where To
Light Explanation INK LOW light(s) cartridge(s) flashing nearly INK OUT light(s) cartridge(s) the cartridge(s) indicated light(s). instructions. NO INK light(s) cartridge(s) as indicated the lights. CARTRIDGE the Photographic Archival or UltraChrome instructions. WRONG CARTRIDGE INVALID CARTRIDGE the to the The includes lights and to the of the or or appears the The lights the or flash. The following the alphabetically and includes and instructions correcting the light(s) You to the If the first the that with cartridge(s) indicated light(s). instructions. If the and You the Other
Light Explanation FRONT COVER light cover the cover. OPEN INK COVER OPEN light You the cartridge(s) and the cover LOAD ROLL PAPER LOAD SHEET PAPER PAPER JAM the light flashing the information. PAPER NOT CUT the manually, then the light flashing completely. from the as PAPER NOT and STRAIGHT light flashing the PAPER OUT loaded. light RELOAD PAPER light the light software from the from the off. or the and too the the the the insertion then ejected. PAPER NOT CUT cleared. the cover when finished the cartridge(s). the right and the the the and software. the straight and with the of the If the appears the the seconds. Then and the the that the straight and with the of the or
Light Explanation UNABLE TO You tried to while PRINT or the cover NOZZLE CHECK The ERROR correctly. COMMAND ERROR the the MAINTENANCE the and EPSON as REQ. to MAINTENANCE The authorized EPSON servicer to REQ of the SERVICE REQ. lights occurred. the and the off flashing and then If the EPSON as SERVICE REQ. lights The EPSON to the flashing replaced. To clear the the to the to the off. about then the Quality You often the following: and cleaning instructions. the head. instructions. the type of information, seconds the Press the to SelecType If the appears clear the Press and the Cleaning the least seconds to cleaning the head. 10600DYE Photographic 106000CF Archival 10600UC UltraChrome
(light or or straight appear or Colors incorrect or the the software the If of these the the following and cleaning instructions. the head, as To choose as If the the lights to necessary, as the EPSON and the the the High Advanced the to to the from the UltraChrome the from the EPSON software or the to Decrease the Suction thin thats with If than the This the causing when the Increase the Drying to that smoothly. Decrease the the (UltraChrome only; If of thickness, the and thickness UltraChrome and the thickness, directly If using the and cleaning the lights to necessary, as or software correct.
or the each of the If the appears too as appears the the software the or smeared. the the software the and cleaning the lights and supply as The too the to the from WIDE to AUTO instructions. The too thick re-profiling thickness the the to and thickness and instructions. the or too If the the path. the of the with cloth. cleaning instructions. the High softwares Advanced The too the to the from NARROW to AUTO instructions. The too thin re-profiling thickness and cleaning
To the outlet with the The unexpectedly. The sounds as nothing Nothing Turn off the and then the from the AC the interface securely attached, then the back the AC Turn the and back The This and often when the (while using the first cleaning to the head the of the If cant turn the unexpectedly, or nothing the following: The turned and the light the The securely outlet thats switch or The interface securely connected to the and The the outlet matches the the rating If off the and the immediately. EPSON If of these the below: If the flashing, the from the or to the and lights the the light flashing. the and lights the to occurred. Follow the instructions the Follow the instructions to the head. the interface the specifications. or the interface directly connected to the without through switching or If NT the EPSON Click to and EPSON then EPSON Uninstall Follow the the
(continued) Nothing The match the or Click to and Right-click the EPSON then Click the selected the the following Then the to which connected the to the following incorrect or software correctly and the selected. characters. XP: Click then Double-click and Other then and Right-click the then Click the and selected. or NT Click to and Right-click the EPSON then Click the and selected. The enough memory To increase the memory Macintosh, from the Apple and the Memory You increase the of memory to increase memory. Follow the to software. Then software CD-ROM and the software. If what expected, the below: If NT try the EPSON Click to and EPSON then EPSON Uninstall Follow the the Clear from or Turn off the and the interface securely both
incorrect the or they within the inverted. Turn off the software. (Macintosh) or instructions. printed. software correctly and the selected. the head as appears to The of The the the or smeared. the other software correctly and the selected. only. The to Too as the the through the or software. the software the incorrectly. Follow the instructions chapter to the The ROLL MARG the incorrect. If using the as the software the the Source software correct. the software the the the to and thickness. instructions. The incorrect. the to the from AUTO to WIDE. instructions. selected software. Press the the to clear the Then and the to the
The Follow the instructions to the too slow. Choose software both 2-inch and 3-inch loaded, the 3-inch the and 2-inch the This the from the from the to of the around the The too thick to with the built-in the with or the optional The ejecting properly. the light the Press the Source necessary, and then the Cut/Eject Clear or Dont too the Turn off memory. RAM to If off background If to background EPSON and increase its memory If and ECP or Enhanced and/or DMA them to and information. If or frequently, or of the following the with the of the the back to the information. If using of thats the with the information. to the than 3-inch sheet the that correctly. Follow the instructions
If too tightly and of the the three the as shown below: the and properly. the follow the instructions to the correctly. the or the within the and the too thick or too thin. specifications. the the isnt located brightly to The to correctly. the Source the and the software correct. the the or information. If using EPSON and thickness. information.
If the front of the the they the front of the If the below the the they the
To the the while the or light flashing. Clearing the and PAPER JAM the Follow these to clear If the cover and slightly the insertion the to release the the cover necessary.
the TURN PWR OFF AND ON displayed the the cover, necessary, then the to the off. Press to back the light and LOAD PAPER the Then Uninstalling and the Software If to and then the software reason, follow the instructions the section below. software CD-ROM. Then the CD-ROM to necessary. Double-click the Double-click the option Click the Click the
On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall Then the Uninstall the and follow the on-screen instructions. If to software, Then follow the instructions to software. Double-click then the (On XP, then Double-click Click EPSON Software the then Click the Change/Remove XP or and follow the on-screen instructions. If the USB or EPSON USB the then the If to software, Then follow the instructions to software.
A: Specifications Additional the Reference included the CD-ROM that with EPSON Photographic Archival or UltraChrome yellow, light light hour B0 directional), or head head Approximately B0+ (EPSON to thick) flushing head cleaner, assembly; Bidirectional/unidirectional EPSON ESC/P Photographic 1/6-inch inch or 1/720-inch RAM 128MB (fixed) UltraChrome switchable Black Black
A-2 Specifications to to to to C) to C) to C) hours F, month F) (without and Height inches inches inches with to V) or to V) Rated to to Rated (ISO or the the back of information. Interfaces USB T) (IEEE-1284 ECP IEEE to RH to RH to RH A-2
UL CSA FDA EMC FCC B, A, CSA C108.8 inches Length to and software to to both and 3-inch inches (2-inch or inches (3-inch reduce and or other If switch to higher of curled, or Printable and sheets: inches top and and inches right and the software, the or the and right to inches A-3 Specifications A-3
A-4 Specifications Cartridges Cartridge Photographic years from within years UltraChrome and years from within Archival months to F to C); month F to F to C); month F Transit to F to C); month F, hours F F C); thaws and least hours F C) Capacity A-4