BPS0002-00
Copyrights and Copyrights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of Corporation. Microsoft and NT of Microsoft Corporation.
IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights
Instructions and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the of This the head and other to that they those the used. them cool touching them. Instructions of these instructions the follow and instructions the the the or or heat the The properly or
this or or as this restricts or cover the and the and through the the type of indicated the If of the supply or to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. or cord. The should to and other If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the of the the only the that with this of another fire or shock. This with this only. with other fire or shock. the the cleaning and with of cloth only. the
as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following blowers which or around this Doing fire. those that covered the operating instructions. If to the Germany, the following: the to and humidity, them operating below: If the or If the If the or the If the normally or performance. To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected to 25C to 77F)
the they around the and when that or operating the those that covered the of other technician. off the least seconds turning back otherwise, the off the while the the to and then off the the to outlet that the the head yourself; the Also, other of the when the head replaced. You to the head to the If the the head touching Humidity: to RH
United users of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products (UK) information Warning: This earthed. to the rating plate and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured to the following and Earth If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the
The connected to the the with the If to the the or with of the and United and users only with of the and that with the Authority. cord: insulated that certified* to the IEC or BS Appliance certified* to the IEC or BS of IECEE CB
Copyrights and Copyrights Instructions and Notes Instructions United users. United and Chapter to Continuous with the tractor. from the tractor. Switching back to sheets. with the tractor. the top-of-form Advancing the to the tear-off Loading the thickness
Chapter Software About Software the with and Accessing the from Accessing the from the the the with XP, and NT Accessing the from Accessing the from the the EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON EPSON Network the as shared the the from the CD-ROM Canceling Uninstalling the Software Uninstalling the and EPSON Chapter the and Lights. Selecting built-in About
Chapter Troubleshooting the and Correcting USB Contacting Customer Support. Technical Chapter and and Cut-sheet (LX-300+II only) the Ribbon Cartridge EPSON the Chapter Product Information Specifications Mechanical. Recommended Printable Command
EPSON ESC/P IBM LX-300+II)/ IBM LX-1170II) and CE Cleaning the Transporting the
to EPSON LX-300+II/LX-1170II high-quality and performance Its features of to The to of types, including (with and to four sheets, and High-speed of to (characters second) (characters inch). with the and other software, including the EPSON Microsoft XP, or NT The EPSON the of and easily. The this from LX-300+II. LX-1170II than LX-300+II. the the to
to
Chapter Continuous with the tractor. where the tractor, as tractor or tractor. The following where to the tractor: to switch sheets and without the supply? tear off sheet-by-sheet? the the (The with the this the following section. or other that the as tractor. with the tractor instructions. with the the tractor, to the tear off the to On About The this from LX-300+II. LX-1170II than LX-300+II. the the Follow these to the tractor:
the turned off. the and the and the release the Release the the
the the the as The to the right of the the back to Then the right to match the of the the clean, straight leading the covers. the first of the the and then the covers. the right to the and the the the the right of the to clear and when the turned off. the or to the top-of-form
To the from the the and its notches the mounting as shown below. Then the the front of the and the to the of the Turn the the closed. Press the LF/FF to feed the to the the automatically. follow the the section to tear off If the first appears too high or its using the the top-of-form the feed to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form the back to the
Removing from the tractor Follow these to the Press the Tear the Tear lights flashing. (This that the tear-off the cover, then tear off the using the tear-off of the the cover. If perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off the the tear-off the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off the the back to the top-of-form and
To feed to the where the the Then the covers of the and the tear off the button. feeding Switching back to To switch to sheets, the the the backwards the Then, follow the Loading tear off the feeding with the tractor To using the tractor, the tractor to the tractor as through this If already this the turned off and to the the right of the to clear and when the off. the or to the top-of-form the tractor, the tear off the to otherwise, the
Turn the off; then the cover and the Next, the the and the from the Finally, the release to the the tractors both and then the tractor to from the
the tractor to the mounting the top of the and as shown below. the the should the notches Release the the
the the or the rear as shown below, and the the the as The to the right of the the that its match the of the the and the Then the right to match the of the the clean, straight leading the covers. the first of the the and then the covers. the right to the and then
To the from the the and its notches the mounting Then the the back of the and the to the of the the cover and the with the Turn the the perforation the head. Then the the cover closed, with the cover the automatically. If to the where the LF/FF to the to the top-of-form and then the top-of-form the section to the To the tear off the the then the LF/FF to the the from the or
the top-of-form The top-of-form the the where the If appears too high or the the to the top-of-form Follow these the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form top-of-form off the The top software the top-of-form with the If necessary, the top-of-form software. the turned If necessary, as this chapter. the cover. the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the
Press the LF/FF to the top-of-form the or the to the top-of-form the cover The and top-of-form If try to these the and the the reaches the top-of-form the and the You the as reference when the top-of-form To the top-of-form the tractor, the following
inch) inch) the top-of-form the to the Advancing the to the tear-off If the tractor, the tear-off to to the tear-off when You then easily tear off the the the back to the top-of-form that the normally inch) the perforation; then the that the with the top of the cover. This inch) the the inch) below the perforation. If inch) the perforation, inch) the
below, the tear-off manually, the Tear or automatically, turning the tear-off the tear-off (as below) to with backwards; they off their and the the Tear the finishes that the Tear lights flashing. Then the Tear The the to the tear-off If the Tear (Font lights flashing, the the tear-off If the Tear the to the top-of-form the to the tear-off To to the tear-off to the tear-off and the the instructions, tear-off the the to the tear-off whenever of or command the tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the to the perforation to the tear-off Follow these to the tear-off
the feed to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off tear-off off the the Tear lights flashing (the the tear-off You to the Tear to the to the tear-off the cover. the about three seconds. The light to and the the Press the LF/FF to feed the backwards, or the to feed the forwards, the perforation with the tear-off tear-off
the tear-off the to the Tear off the the the back to the top-of-form and You single-sheet the of the specifications the type of single-sheet single-sheet or other to the the thickness to the To of single-sheet the optional cut-sheet and specifications the of single-sheet Specifications You the to single-sheet that the top the bound first and The and tear-off If to the tear-off these the and the
The this from LX-300+II. LX-1170II than LX-300+II. the the Loading Follow these to sheets: the turned off. that the release back to the single-sheet and the the upright as shown below. the the Next, the right to match the of
of the the without other buttons. the to the feed the right of the only to clear and when the off. the or to the top-of-form of types, including and should than inch) from of the information the recommended of Specifications thicker-than-normal or software the within the recommended the of these the head.
the thickness to the thickness Follow these to the thickness Turn the off and the cover. The thickness the of the The to the the thickness the below to the thickness. the cover. type or or
You or single-sheet of to four the the thickness as the section. The following that or or only single-sheet that the top. the first the that free of and waves. If to the software or the as the top-of-form the with the If this the You the as and from the to the thickness as the thickness the following Choose mounted with with tractor. as sheets, the slightly.
the as ordinary with the tractor instructions. to and humidity, them only operating the they around the and when To the from the tear off the fresh supply the of the then LF/FF to the of the feed backwards through the they easily off the and the If become the You feed using the the following the thickness to the the thickness To follow the Loading sheets the of the the first, the the and the and
the within the recommended The head the or right of the or other thick Specifications specifications.) Its to of
Chapter Software About Software The software includes the software and EPSON The software that allows to the You to the software of the EPSON allows to the of when and with troubleshooting EPSON when the If to EPSON EPSON instructions. proceeding, the the the software to ESC/P. The software and EPSON function ESC/P the with and You the from or from the Software
the from apply to the Accessing the from information. the from the the apply to Accessing the from the information. The the following section from LX-1170II. LX-300+II users, LX-300+II the the shots. The instructions the the to and While the with the that the match Accessing the from Follow these to the from Software
Select or from the of software. the or displayed, that selected the Software
Click or (The and to of these buttons.) The appears, and the Graphics, and These the To the the top of the the information to the Accessing the from the Follow these to the from the Click the and then to Click Software
Right-click and The displays the which the Graphics, and These the To the the top of the the information to the the Graphics, Utility, and of the You right-clicking items the and selecting Whats this? Software
OK to apply the or to the to their Once and ready to the with XP, and NT You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from information. the from the the apply to applications. Accessing the from the information. The the following section from LX-1170II. LX-300+II users, LX-300+II the the shots. The instructions the the to and While the with the that the match Software
Accessing the from Follow these to the from The the following section from the operating They appearance from what actually appears however, the instructions the Select or from the of software. the or displayed, that selected the Software
Click or (The and to of these buttons.) The appears, and the and Paper/Quality XP and or Paper/Quality, and These the Software
To the the top of the the to the Accessing the from the Follow these to the from the The this from the operating They appearance from what actually appears however, the instructions the Click the and then to Click and Sound and then Software
Right-click and Preferences XP or or NT Software XP, NT4.0: Click to and then The the which the and Paper/Quality XP, and NT4.0) or Paper/Quality, and These the
To the the top of the information to the the from which the and Paper/Quality. You the the software. of the XP/2000, right-clicking items the and selecting Whats this? the right-clicking the the appears, which includes to the Software
If the the OK to apply the or to Once and them necessary, ready to The following the that of the Software
the type of functions displayed. Explanations Select the of the to If the to through the If included the Definition of Custom instructions. Select or Source Select the to Graphics Select the The higher the select, the however, increasing the Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of the to or Quality Select option from the If to On, bidirectional and increase. to the to with the the the Setup.../Halftone Click this to the brightness and input the RGB or other The appears. the this Select the type of halftoning to when graphics. To the the halftone Select. Software
Explanations Font Select character to You of three character Expanded, and Text as Select when the the and Graphics* On when the the whether to EMF Select whether to from front to back or back to front. Select the of that to Copy Count* than the of this appears and whether to the of the Advanced or the Features* Select when the the Optimizations* and when the the whether to To LX-300+II only) to the optional If selected, the of the top If selected, Top Margin Select which the to Priority** used; or the Software or Expanded selected, the the Expanded includes than selected, the instead of the the which included each
and XP Professional Edition. Definition of Custom If included the the to the and Click Custom or and the the that appears. XP, and NT Professional Edition) or NT to and to Explanations Ordinarily, there to this If the this to match. If the and to correctly. the If included the the to the the This allows to offset the the That the of the If the offset of the of the that printed. XP Professional, and and XP Edition, and then and Software
Click the EPSON LX-300+II ESC/P or EPSON LX-1170II ESC/P Select from the the New the the Click and then OK You this or XP Professional Edition. To the to the as option. With and XP Professional Edition and and and Sound then XP Professional Edition, and and Right and Preferences Select the the the Click Apply and then OK the Software
EPSON EPSON XP, and NT It allows to when and troubleshooting instructions when EPSON when: The connected directly to the the [LPT1] or the USB to bidirectional EPSON when the connected directly and the as the the to EPSON that the shared the EPSON and the Explanations EPSON You EPSON when this To the the the selected. Click this to the Preferences Preferences where EPSON EPSON information. Software
If the the and Print EPSON function properly. If to EPSON the as the connecting to router, and warning of the router's EPSON to the README the CD-ROM. This the information the EPSON Follow these to EPSON the as the with and or the with XP, and NT or Once and them necessary, ready to Software
Click the Preferences button. The Preferences appears. The following Select the item On/Off Select Shortcut The selected displayed the The shown the right clicking the shortcut the Preferences easily. shared Turn this to the selected when this selected. Software
Accessing EPSON of the following to EPSON Double-click the printer-shaped shortcut the To shortcut to the to the and follow the instructions. the then the EPSON To to the the with and or the with XP, and NT EPSON as the following appears. Software Allow this selected, of other Click the to items to the If the OS as when the
You information this It might to the this the EPSON the and the with the EPSON Follow the below to EPSON that the off and that the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM Click the software appears, the then Click Custom Select the EPSON then the that appears, that selected, and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. the OK If the selection appears, country. If the EPSON appear automatically, the right-click the CD-ROM OPEN the that appears, then Software
Network the This section to the The that directly to of them. The that directly connected to the the and the other the which to the with the The the the According to the of OS and rights the the of the and the or With or XP, or NT With XP, or NT the or With or XP or With XP or With NT With NT Software
the to EPSON that the the EPSON shared or the the Network and that the and Microsoft Then, the and that the or the TCP/IP connecting to XP and warning appear XP Service or this connecting to router, and of the router's The and should the and they should the The displays the following the of OS. as With or the OS follow these to the Click to and Double-click the Network Software
Click and the the to to allow others to to printer(s). then OK Click OK to the Double-click the the Right-click and the that appears. Select Shared type the the and OK and Software the appears, the or CD-ROM the Click OK and then follow the on-screen instructions. the to the appears, the and with the or the or
You to the that they the the following With or With XP or With NT With XP, or NT the OS XP, or NT follow these to the You XP, or NT as the of the or NT to and XP Professional and and XP Edition then and and Sound and then Right-click and Sharing the that appears. the to EPSON that the shared the EPSON Software
or NT Shared as or Shared NT then type the the and OK Software XP, the following appears, Network or If the to without the follow the on-screen instructions.
You to the that they the the following With or With XP or With With NT the This section to the the XP this then type the the and OK or the or this the options Software
To the to the as shared or or With XP, or NT XP, or NT This section to the the (Microsoft If the to the the of the This section to the the shared from the You the from Network Neighborhood or Network the to the EPSON to both of the and the EPSON each from the CD-ROM. With or Follow these to or Click to and Double-click the then Next Select Network then Next Click and the appears. Software You type \\(the of the that locally connected to the printer)\(the shared the Network or
Click the or that to the shared and the of the Then OK Click Next of the of the shared and whether to the as the or Click OK and then follow the on-screen instructions. The of the the or that connected to the shared To of the of the the of the If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the If the OS or to the If the OS or to the from the CD-ROM Software
With XP or Follow these to XP or You the of the shared or rights the to and XP Professional and and XP Edition then and the then Next Software You the shared that appears the XP, the the
Select Network or or attached to another XP), then Next the or Next to then click Next You type the shared or the such as \\(the of the that locally connected to the shared printer)\(the shared XP, then Next Software
Click the of the or that connected to the shared and the of the Then Next whether to the as the or then OK Software The of the the or that connected to the shared To of the of the the of the If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the Proceed to the the and the OS and the architecture If the OS XP or to the from the CD-ROM
of the then With Follow these to Click and Sound and then Click the or XP, another already whether to the as the or then OK Software
Click wireless or Bluetooth searched If found, its and Next If shared found, the The that isn't Software
Select and Next PC appears. Software
Click the PC appears. Click that the shown, and Next Software
If other already the as the appear. If to the shown as the the and Next Click With NT Follow these to NT You the of the or rights the Click to and Software
Double-click the Select Network then Next Click the of the or that connected to the and the of the Then OK Software You type \\(the of the that locally connected to the printer)\(the shared Network or The of the the or that connected to the shared To of the of the the of the If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the If the OS NT to the
Select whether to the as the or then OK Click the from the CD-ROM This section to the the when the of the and OS. The on-screen displays the following the of OS. XP, or NT XP, or NT with the If the of the and the OS and the architecture, to the from the CD-ROM. Access the and appear. Click OK and then follow the on-screen instructions to the from the CD-ROM. If the OS NT to the from the CD-ROM Software
the CD-ROM, then the EPSON appears. the clicking then type the and which the located, then OK Select the of the then OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. If to EPSON EPSON instructions. Software XP or found. appear. Click XP) or this software and The the OS used. OS XP, Edition \<Language>\WINVISTA XP Professional Edition, Edition NT \<Language>\WINNT40 \<Language>\WINVISTA_XP64
If to EPSON the shared the as instructed the the and EPSON from the CD-ROM. to the the If EPSON with the turned (recommended), the to monitored. If this follow the below to Canceling If the what expected and incorrect or characters or to the displayed the follow the instructions below to Double-click the the then the Software
or or XP, or NT the specified to and or or XP, or NT the Uninstalling the Software to or the the that already. EPSON from XP/2000 the shortcut from You the clearing the Shortcut the Preferences Uninstalling the and EPSON Software The canceled.
Click to and Double-click the EPSON Software and the the XP or or the EPSON Software then Change/Remove Software
Click the the of the to then OK If the displayed If EPSON the displayed Follow the on-screen instructions. Uninstalling the USB the to with USB interface the USB the to the USB Software You the of EPSON the the of from EPSON
Follow these to the USB Uninstall the the USB Once the USB other connected with USB interface Follow through of Uninstalling the Software Select EPSON USB Devices and EPSON USB Devices appears when the connected to or with USB interface Software
Follow the instructions. the to Software If the USB correctly, EPSON USB Devices appear. Follow these to the the CD-ROM. the CD-ROM CD-ROM Access the CD-ROM Double-click the or \<Language>\WINME Double-click the
Chapter the You operationssuch as feeding, feeding, and ejecting and selecting with the buttons the The lights the and Lights Tear lights* Tear when the tear-off otherwise, the lights the selected Advances to the tear-off from the tear-off to the top-of-form
LF/FF light light when and released. Ejects or to the top-of-form when of Ejects of loaded. Loads from the backwards to the temporarily, and when three seconds, the To off, On when the selected or when correctly. Flashes when or occurred. On when the Flashes when the the
Font the the to the Tear The Tear lights off or to the selected the three seconds, the the this the LF/FF and to the top-of-form or tear-off the top-of-form Selecting built-in Follow these to built-in the buttons the that the If the three seconds to the The light to flash. The Tear lights the selection. Press the Tear repeatedly to through of the then when reach the with shown the selection Flashes when the head overheated. usually from the to and pitch. selected the
About The While often these through software or to from the using the The following the and the options the The the instructions the
tractor* inches: perforation On, tear off On, On, Software ESC/P, IBM LX-300+II)/IBM LX-1170II) On, High On, I/F USB I/F seconds, seconds BPS Parity I/F bidirectional On,
Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO International character U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, Spain1 feed second, seconds, seconds, seconds On, CR (IBM LX-300+II, IBM LX-1170II)** IBM character The options the country of purchase. These only when IBM LX-300+II)/IBM LX-1170II) selected. This allows to the inches) other Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO 1T, PC ISO PC LAT, PC UKR, PC APTEC, PC PC PC AR864, PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO PC PC437 PC MC, PC1250, PC1251 On,
perforation This when selected. On the one-inch the printed and the first the the from the should this top and tear off tear off and with the tractor, the the perforation to the tear-off where easily tear off the the the the back to the top-of-form and of the tear off off, to the perforation to the tear-off the the Tear information. feed feed the each (CR) with feed and the to the If the every return, You bidirectional or normally bidirectional however, allows which graphics.
Software ESC/P the operates the EPSON ESC/P IBM LX-300+II)/ IBM LX-1170II), the IBM The character when this turned It when this turned off. The allows to easily distinguish the and High choose On the to (characters second) (characters inch). choose the to I/F (interface) The with three of interfaces; interface, interface and USB interface. If connected to choose or USB the interface the interface If connected to computers, to allow the to switch interfaces which I/F (interface) This only when I/F (interface) to This the when from interface whether through the other interface. You seconds or seconds the interface
this option to the the interface. The measured and software the Parity this option to The used, of and software the the of the interface to or and software the I/F bidirectional The interface bidirectional when this turned If bidirectional unnecessary, this off. to AUTO to from the included the software CD-ROM that with the Turn off this when from based other operating such as DOS. Character You character
International character You international character the character Each character characters that the country or the to This the amount of the the and when If the its to increase the The when the Indicators information If the to when this off. CR This the IBM LX-300+II)/IBM LX-1170II) each feed (LF) or ESC This the to the of the IBM character This only IBM LX-300+II)/ IBM LX-1170II) 80H to 90H of the character the 80H to 90H characters.
Follow these to the and the To the selection instructions and instructions, sheets of A4 or single-sheet or of that least inches) and inches) If sheets without optional cut-sheet to feed of each the and the turned off. Whenever turn off the least seconds turning back otherwise, the While holding the Tear the The the and the selection instructions Follow the instructions to the the instruction the of necessary. The the Press the Tear Font The the instructions (three the selected. The instructions the to them, and the lights
Follow these instructions to the using the buttons the off the and the them Turn off the when finished
Chapter Troubleshooting the You the lights the If and or lights or flashing or the the following to and the If this to the section. light The from another currently the path. Press the to the release back to the and the to clear the from the path. Then the to the to Press the to off the light, necessary. Troubleshooting
light the selected Continuous back to the The head overheated. Troubleshooting The correctly. the of ejected. the the Then the to off the light, necessary. and Continuous instructions Then the to off the light, necessary. Turn off the the cover, tear off the supply and the to the Tear off the the perforation; then the The the to the Press the to off the light, necessary. Press the to the Then the to turn off the light, necessary. Clear the as the previous the once the head cooled.
flashing of (three of The once when the function and while operating You the operation of using the If the properly the the the software, or the interface If the or service If or to isolate the and To off the Next, the and LF/FF while the Then from The the light the lights the unknown occurred. Turn off the and off then turn the If the Troubleshooting
The lights the What to The that the properly the The outlet If the outlet operating. switch or another such as the to whether the outlet operating properly. The lights and then off. The lights off when the turned What to The of the and outlet match. The The PAUSE light off nothing printed. Troubleshooting that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to
What to The software that the software properly. properly as the the softwares The interface match the of the or The or correctly. NT to then XP, then and the of the using appears, right-click and Properties. Then, the or and the The and lights and the three What to The of the The sounds nothing printed. What to The the properly. The the both of the interface the both the and specifications. Troubleshooting
The the sounds and the abruptly. What to The or Turn off the and or other The the Then to overheated. If the correctly The sounds and the lights What to occurred. Turn off the and it If the or If there or service (If when switch and the release the Troubleshooting
The or Printed characters the What to The the Ribbon Cartridge properly. The What to The the as the Ribbon Cartridge characters or graphics of the What to The head Stop and to the head replaced. What to Either there too the or the the as the Ribbon Cartridge Troubleshooting
Printed characters what expected The or characters with software What to The software that the software correctly properly The selected the What to software The what expected too high or too the or the of the top of the What to software the or top-of-form incorrect. software. match the of the What to The the incorrect. software and necessary. Troubleshooting the software.
The the match the of the the What to One-inch of the About to off the About Troubleshooting
feed properly feed. What to the the the release to the single-sheet The the too to the or right the to that there. feeding crooked or the What to The correctly or of the type. completely. What to Press the LF/FF to the The too that within the specified the specifications Specifications Troubleshooting the (and the to the or right. Turn off the and the straight the the right type of the Specifications
properly The the What to The release that the release the pulled to the If off the the and The off the to the tractor. the tractor. feeding crooked or the What to The supply the supply obstructed. or other The too that supply from the within of the The cover the cover. The the the incorrect. diamond-shaped The the of the that the the of the with each other. the and their covers closed. the or thickness the that the and thickness within the specified information the specifications. Troubleshooting
the with the The properly. What to The too Tear off the supply of and the from the that within the specified Specifications switch sheets and the sounds three and the PAUSE light What to You to the release while remained the Troubleshooting the to the the release to the previous and the Then the release
the cut-sheet the properly The feed. What to The cut-sheet incorrectly the The release that the release the back to the single-sheet You too sheets. sheets the information the and of that with the cut-sheet the head. The the the incorrect. diamond-shaped There only the or sheets What to You too sheets. sheets the information the and of that with the cut-sheet it as Cut-sheet Troubleshooting
You to the of the The crooked. What to The or only sheets of creased. There too sheets. the The right and the to match the too of You the right type of the cut-sheet too heavy or too light. One of to What to software that the and incorrect. software correct. Troubleshooting the and the of and cut-sheet information the specifications.
Switching the cut-sheet and the tractor properly The type What to The release the to the or the back to sheets. the tractor with the tractor, feed properly feed crooked or the What to The and tractor correctly. The too the of the to the of the rotating the feed The caught that the the the and that the correctly. With the installed, the properly (LX-300+II only) The lights the both tractors, that the both evenly. Troubleshooting
What to The the properly. The or characters printed. What to software properly The Confirm that the properly. correctly. (LX-300+II only) Correcting USB If with USB the information this section. that XP, or XP, or You to or the USB which with USB or which from to XP, or Troubleshooting Follow the instructions (LX-300+II only) the (or to the and as If software of the using the ESC command. Command
about that EPSON USB Devices appears the and only) If the the the USB or the incorrectly Follow these to the and the Turn the and the USB the and the Right-click the then Click the Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting If correctly EPSON USB Devices should appear the If EPSON USB Devices appear the the Other to the If USB appears Other the USB correctly. If EPSON LX-300+II or EPSON LX-1170II appears, the correctly. If USB EPSON LX-300+II or EPSON LX-1170II appear Other Refresh or the USB from the then the
Other USB EPSON LX-300+II or EPSON LX-1170II and Then, OK the following appears, OK Then OK to the Turn off the and Then, the from the following the instructions the Troubleshooting
correctly with the USB If correctly with the USB or of these that the shielded USB If USB the to the first of the or the directly to the USB or try the USB and the software. EPSON Software the the then EPSON USB Next, the software as illustrated the If EPSON USB Devices the the CD-ROM and or Then follow the on-screen instructions. the whether the or the causing the If the satisfactory, the properly and the caused or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the and and to the Troubleshooting
You the sheets or Continuous or instructions. LX-300+II, should least inches) to the otherwise, the head directly the LX-1170II, should least inches) to the otherwise, the head directly the Follow these to loaded, and the release to the Then off the Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the To the the while the LF/FF or single-sheet the characters when the LF/FF or NLQ characters when the seconds, the the and the of characters printed. Troubleshooting
To the the to If the the LF/FF to the Then off the off the while the the to and the LF/FF to the turn off the Troubleshooting To temporarily the the To the the
Contacting Customer If operating properly and the using the troubleshooting information services Warranty information to EPSON Customer They to them the following information: Product (The the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with Technical to and the section of EPSON the and other downloadables. Technical with that the troubleshooting information
Chapter and and Cut-sheet The optional cut-sheet (C80637 LX-300+II/C80639 LX-1170II) to of or without reloading. Follow these to the cut-sheet the turned off. the and the cover. If the tractor the and the push-tractor the release the single-sheet and
the cut-sheet both and the the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the Releasing the the cut-sheet the with the Next, the right to roughly match the of the the and
the the the and to allow of and Next, the and of the to the or the cut-sheet to of the the of the right that matches the of the allows the to and freely. the back to the the the from the the with the cut-sheet the the and
the to the cut-sheet as shown below. the to the the Then the right to the of You easily switch and cut-sheet operation. Switching back to and from Release To the from the cut-sheet both release and the the cover when
of the first the perforation the perforation from below the cover. This the the properly and (C80030 LX-300+II/C80034 LX-1170II) as option. You the performance of using tractors the This with and Follow these to and and tractor: the release pulled to the the included the push-tractor the the and the from the and
LX-300+II users, the tractor with both the to the mounting the top of the fits as shown below. You should the notches the of the push-tractor. Turn the the LF/FF to and LX-1170II users, the tractor with both the tractor the mounting the top of the and as shown below. the the should the notches
Release the of the tractor and the to match the of the that the both tractors that the crooked. the covers. the of the the of the and the as necessary. the covers. If there the the and tractors, and the the right of the to the that the crooked or and the the cover and the The optional allows to with inch) that with This option countries. Follow these to and the and
Turn off the and the the beneath the as shown below. the the the positioning the of the the release to the single-sheet the leading of the straight the through the of the the and the the that from the of the Then the and to the when the the weight
Bring the leading of the the sheets and the sheets the the to the it the Then the right to the (LX-300+II only) The optional (C83208 includes and Follow these to the and
Turn off the and the and the the and as shown below. the the right of the with the gear facing the of the to the the and
the the the the head to the of the then the the to the of the Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. and
the the as shown; then both of the to the the While the and buttons, the The the instructions to the Follow the instructions to the and If instructed to the the as shown below.
the off the the ribbon, the reduced. To switch to the ribbon, the as shown the that with the optional then the as the You to the You this as network the Wireless and (C82437 the interface the with this option instructions and the Ribbon Cartridge EPSON becomes to the EPSON and to properly with EPSON They operation and of the head and other Other products EPSON to which covered warranties. and
the following EPSON LX-300+II): EPSON LX-1170II): EPSON S015073 LX-300+II): the Follow these to or the the turned off. Warning: If the the head cool the the cover to the upright then it to LX-1170II users, the the and the from the and
LX-300+II users, that the head the of the LX-1170II users, that the head inches) from the the from its Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to from the to the the as shown; then both of the to the the (If the and then, off the Then the from the and
such as to the the head and Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the should twisted or creased. and
LX-1170II users, the and the cover. and
and
Chapter Product Information release cover Product Information
Product Information interface thickness switch USB USB interface interface
Specifications Mechanical High Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected using software commands. 1/6-inch or 1/216-inch LX-300+II: LX-1170II: High NLQ
Friction (rear tractor feed entry) and (rear or Rear Cut-sheet (Optional) tractor (Optional) (Optional) inches/second) (optional, LX-300+II only): head) MTBF POH duty) 1/6-inch Ribbon and head Black (LX-300+II only):
and LX-300+II): and LX-1170II): Ribbon: LX-300+II: Black (S015073) LX-1170II: Black Ribbon character) Acoustic (A) (ISO Height inches) inches) inches) the release Height inches) inches) inches) the release Black characters (LX-300+II only) characters characters characters yellow: characters
Interfaces: One bidirectional, interface with IEEE-1284 EIA-232D interface, and USB interface KB EPSON EPSON EPSON EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET
Character One and graphical character PC (US, PC PC PC (Icelandic), PC (Nordic), PC (French-Canadian), BRASCII, ISO PC ISO Character international character USA, Germany, UK, I, Italy, The following graphical character countries: PC PC (Eastern PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA (Poland), MJK (CSFR), ISO ISO 1T PC (LST PC ISO PC LAT. PC UKR PC APTEC PC PC PC AR PC437 PC MC, PC1250, PC1251
AC to AC to Rated to to Rated the character type) (ISO/IEC the the back of the the of to C to F) to RH to C to F) to RH and single-sheet and as follows: to C to F) Humidity: to RH (without (without to the character type)
that or or curled. LX-300+II and cut-sheet Single-sheet to to inches) to to inches) Thickness to to inch) to to to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) to to Cut-sheet to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inch) to to
the top or of inches) inches) Thickness to to inch) to to and and to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) to to to to of or bound both inches) inch) to to inches) Gathering to inch)
with optional LX-1170II sheets and cut-sheet to to inches) thickness to to inch) thickness to to inch) inches) Thickness to to inch) to to to to inches) to to inches) Thickness to to inch) to to Cut-sheet to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inch) sheet to to
Single-sheet to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) to to the top or of inches) inches) Thickness to to inch) to to and and to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) to to to to of or bound both
with optional Recommended within the recommended The this inches) inch) to to inches) to to inches) thickness to to inch) thickness to to inch) inches) Thickness to to inch) to to
sheets and LX-300+II The top inch). The and right inch) each. C The inch). LX-1170II The top inch). sheets the inches). The inches). If the substantially than this, the than the the width increase inches).
The and right inch) each. C The inch). Continuous LX-300+II The top and and below the perforation inch) each. sheets the inches). The inches). If the substantially than this, the than the the increase inches).
The and right inch) each. LX-1170II The top and and below the perforation inch) each. The and right inch) each. The width inches). The inches). If the substantially than this, the than the the increase inches). The inches). The inches). If the substantially than this, the than the the increase inches).
The top inch). The inch). the The to the of the Command the EPSON ESC/P and IBM LX-300+II)/IBM LX-1170II) below. The right inch). The inches).
EPSON ESC/P Selecting EPSON ESC/P software allows to advanced and graphics. operation: ESC ESC U, ESC EM feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC A, CR ESC (C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC O, ESC (U motion: ESC ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC Font selection: ESC ESC ESC ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC4, SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC Spacing: ESC Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC I, ESC ESC
(LX-300+II only): IBM LX-300+II)/ IBM LX-1170II) This the IBM the commands below. information, the IBM LX-300+II)/IBM LX-1170II) reference operation: feeding: motion: Font selection: ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC ESC (B ESC NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC U, ESC FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC ESC ESC ESC CR, ESC ESC C, ESC C0, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC
DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC I, ESC ESC [I Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP Character ESC ESC ESC [T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC ESC ESC Download: ESC and (LX-300+II) UL60950 CSA60950
(Both CE (Both EMI FCC Class CAN/CSA CEI/IEC CISPR22 EN60950 EMI AS/NZS CISPR22 EN60950 EMC EN55022 EN61000-3-2 EN61000-3-3 EN55024 Directive 73/23/EEC EN60950 EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN55022 EN61000-3-2 EN61000-3-3 EN55024
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly Follow these to the the turned off. the If tractor or optional cut-sheet to and from the and If the or or clean them with cloth with the and it it the top of the to from the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the EPSON think
Transporting the If to the and Follow these to the its Warning: the the USB as the and the to the and right of the to the the turned off. the from the then the interface from the and the the USB and If If options them and them their boxes. that the head Then the as the Ribbon Cartridge the that with the You to the head hand to the If the the head cool touching
Repack the USB and their and them the
ASCII American Information assigning to and this selected the each (CR) followed line-feed (LF) bidirectional which the head both (bidirectionally). This increases the reduce Bidirectional this The of the memory to printed. character of numbers, and that the of characters characters inch of the of text characters. that both perforated and to function such as or feed. characters inch that when the turned or initialized. dithering of to or
of which each or of The when as the The character high ESC/P EPSON This the of commands to It EPSON and software computers. of type such as or feed (FF) and that the to the top-of-form troubleshooting that the of the and the the each that and ASCII characters. high of the High of character to high-speed and near (NLQ) interface The the and the which to the feed (LF) and that the
The to which the loaded. (NLQ) The when other than selected. with NLQ and appearance reduced speed. and high The that the recommended The of which the It than the physical of the to software that commands from the using the functions of To to its of the amount of that represented. of measured of inch the operation of the the the the characters its ROM Memory). tear off that the perforation of to the tear-off and then the back to the top-of-form tear-off The the the to when the tear-off the function, the that the perforation the tear-off top-of-form The the that the as the first This the top-margin
which the head only. Unidirectional graphics because allows You the bidirectional