LQ-870/1170 rn* A
of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this Corporation and its from the of options other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and ESC/P and ESC/P of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective Copyright Inc., California. rights EPSON
United States This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of edict6 WARNING Communications
sheets There things should know about sheets as to sheets, that the first of correctly then too the or that the from the These easy to of the as below to the right normally what choose the Chapter the right to choose. include option to the If and using 11-inch the to To the right that using top and to and then of from to the the first This If the top or increasing the or both, the You the 11-inch the inches. whether sheets or choose sheets.
Where to United States America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the Consumer Assistance locating Authorized or Service Technical with the installation, and of products LI Information software of the ESC/P Reference which information commands, including ESC/P technical information service Product with technical specifications and products of ribbons, and Customer Relations.
Introduction and high performance with of features. These features to characters to top, rear, and front Flexibility. sheets from the top or front without supply. ESC/P The first to offer and graphics. Supports the ESC/P commands written other LQ about ESC/P ESC/P offers from to You this DOS-based ESC/P to to to about ESC/P graphics-based such as Microsoft ESC/P with software to graphics the to the Microsoft instead of the Introduction
Introduction If to the ESC/P information. the to purchase the reference information these options, Chapter Cut-Sheet (C806371 LQ-870, C806391 LQ-1170) This cut-sheet to of without reloading. High-Capacity Cut-Sheet (C806381 LQ-870, C806401 LQ-1170) This cut-sheet to sheets of or without reloading. You cut-sheet this to the Additional Tractor Unit (C800201 LQ-870, C800211 LQ-1170) This option the performance of It with You to of the the Ribbon Cartridge LQ-870, LQ-1170) higher than the ribbon. Interface Card (C823051/C823071) Optional interface to the built-in interface. Introduction
Around This illustrated, instructions and operating Chapter information testing, and the to this chapter first. and include information and of Chapter troubleshooting information. If the properly or the what Chapter of and Other information options, specifications, and commands. There of terms and and Notes WARNING to I!!! CAUTION to to Notes information and the operation of Introduction Introduction
Introduction front the attached. Introduction front cover C thickness
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to operation of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat This should built-in provided. This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding-type third This grounding-type This If to the the to the of the grounding-type this where the Introduction
If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the outlet of this through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the and servicing to service the following A. the or or B. If the C. If the to or D. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions of other and often to the to operation. E. If the or the F. If the performance, indicating service. Introduction
Chapter the the Checking the Removing the protective Choosing the Assembling the the Attaching the Testing the the the Connecting the to Software the Choosing from the
the Checking the the that the shown below and that locations, the attached to the the to CAUTION: It to of the another If the the back of the the country, the
the protective To of protective with You these together. Follow the the Notice when the protective and protective from turning the and protective to should to the the the
Choosing the selecting to the following the the enough to the the to reach. around the to allow easy operation and CAUTION: locations that to sunlight, heat, or grounded outlets switches or timers. of information the memory of or outlets the with or other that might fluctuations the from of interference such as or the of telephones. the
If to follow these that least the of the that the of than from If cut-sheet If the supply below the that allow enough clearance inches or the of the and the top of the supply to the from catching the of the that the the least inches), to and interface that they with feeding. If the to the the with the that the straight the the the Choosing the IQ-870 LQ-1170 the
Assembling the choosing the and the the that the the cover straight and off. the each of the paper-tension as shown below. Press with thumbs to the front of the then the and off of the the head to the of the the
CAUTION: the head while the turned or might the Also, the the head cool touching Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. Next, the its and then both of the to the such as to the the head and while the ribbon-tightening to feed the the Assembling the
Assembling the the head from to to smoothly. that the twisted or creased. the the mounting then lowering Press both of the the cover first the front the the then lowering the
Attaching the with sheets from the top or front of the Top the notches the straight the mounting the You the upright or back to the The front fits the front of the and the the as shown and the of the the notches the mounting the Assembling the
Testing the connecting to the built-in function to that the properly. the the turned off. the the back of the to the the matches that of CAUTION: If the rated and outlet match, the cord. If the attached to the to the AC the the properly grounded the
the You the with or sheets. Also, the from the rear, front, top, or The following to the single-sheet from the top. Chapter The the the currently selected that the turned off. the release to the single-sheet the LF/FF while the The and the POWER and PAPER OUT lights The the first and of The then the DIP-switch and character the Testing the
Testing the the to the arrow Then the right to match the of CAUTION: the least inches) the LQ-870 or inches) the LQ-1170; otherwise the head directly the sheet of the about seconds, the the and the the
The the DIP-switch each of the The the or the PAUSE the another of to to the the PAUSE To the the PAUSE Press the LOAD/EJECT to the Then turn off the to the of typical I#$%&()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK $%L()*+,-. I%( (I*+,-. If the properly, Chapter :;<=>?BABCDEFGHIJKL :;<=>?BABCDEFGHIJKLMN =>?BABCDEFGHIJKLMNO ;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP *=>?BABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQ the Testing the
Connecting the to If the correctly, ready to to the shielded twisted-pair to to built-in interface. the interface as below: both the and turned off; then the securely the the together they of the If ground wire, to the ground beneath the interface the other of the the (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the
Software the the type of that the of the features. of these or section that of Choosing from Although its selection to of (including ESC/P choose the LQ-870/1170 or LQ-570/1070 when If the software or to choose from the following (the the of preference): LQ-510/1010 LQ-500 LQ-2550 LQ-2500 LQ-800/1000 LQ-1500 LQ If of these listed, the first from the following FX, LX, RX, MX, the this graphics correct. the
Chapter Selecting the paper-release Loading sheets from the top Loading from the front Tractor and tractor Loading with the front push-tractor. Removing from the front push-tractor Loading with the push-tractor from the rear push-tractor Loading with the tractor from the tractor Switching Continuous and Switching to sheets.................................................. Switching to the paper-thickness
Selecting with four that type of Choose the top or front to Choose the tractor to from the front, rear, or You mount the three to as front push-tractor, tractor, or top pull-tractor. Once feeding the release and You without supply. the paper-release You the paper-release to the active The from the choose. The below shows which to and the tractor
Single-sheet whether from front, top, or of the optional cut-sheet push-tractor with the the front. Rear push-tractor with the tractor the rear. Pull-tractor with the the top. this from the front, rear, or Selecting
to of inches) the LQ-870 and inches) the LQ-1170. You sheets from the top or front of the If the to Loading sheets from the top the paper-release the single-sheet the the upright Turn the The POWER light the
the to the the to the arrow the Next the right to arrow the Next the right to match the of match the of of the The the and CAUTION: the the of the to clear when the off. the or the top- of-form If the the the completely the and firmly. To the the LOAD/EJECT
Loading sheets from the front the paper-release the single-sheet and the front cover. Turn the The POWER light the the the arrow the You the to the to increase the of the
the of the with the and the The the automatically. You ready to CAUTION: the the of the to clear when the off. the or the top- of-form If the the the completely the and firmly. To the the LOAD/EJECT The as built-in and to of
You through the front, rear, or the of the tractor and the of supply. to inches) the LQ-870 and to inches) the LQ-1170. To the tractor of the following rear, or the paper-release correctly the paper-release the of this chapter of each Tractor and the of feeding the paper-release to the indicated the to Tractor Pull-tractor of
supply with the the tractor that the feed smoothly the If to feed through the that enough to from the without obstruction. the You the the cover to the that ejected, as shown below. Rear the from its the while the front push-tractor the turned off. the front cover and the the both and straight of the
Continuous Press the tractors as the tractor the mounting To the tractor the tractors the and of the instructions with the front tractor. the push-tractor the the off. the and off the While the tractors the tractor straight the mounting
instructions with the tractor. To the the tractors the back, and off the the You the as pull-tractor. To this, the and the tractor its Follow the below to the pull-tractor: the off. the cover and and off the both of the and and off the the arrow each of the mounting shows where to the tractor. While the tractors the tractor and it straight the instructions with the tractor. To the the tractors the back, and off the Then the Continuous
Continuous Loading with the front push-tractor the off and the front cover and the front the tractor the front push-tractor and the paper-release the front push-tractor
Release the the backward. the to inch) from the and the to the right to approximately match the of the the inch)
clean, straight both covers and the first four of the the the covers. the right to the the the the front and the front cover. Turn the the the from the front push-tractor To the TEAR OFF to feed the perforation to the tear-off of the cover. If the perforation the tear-off the tear-off using the micro-feed Chapter Tear off the Press the LOAD/EJECT to the of the and the
Loading with the rear push-tractor the turned off and the the the rear push-tractor and the paper-release the push-tractor Release the the Continuous
Continuous the to inch) from the the the the back to Then the right to match the of the the clean, straight the covers and the of the the
the covers. the right to the then the its the the to the Turn the the the You the to the pressing the LOAD/EJECT CAUTION: the the of the to clear when the off. the or the top- of-form Removing from the rear push-tractor To the TEAR OFF to feed the perforation to the tear-off of the cover. If the perforation the tear-off the tear-off using the Chapter Tear off the Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the of the and the CAUTION: tear off the LOAD/EJECT Continuous
Loading with the the turned off and the cover and the tractor the and the paper-release to the Release the the
the to (OS inch) from the the the the back to Then the right to match the of the the clean, straight the the (front, or rear) the and the the the perforation the first and with the top of the ribbon.
Continuous the covers and the of the the the covers. the right to the then the the Then the to the of the Turn the to the with the as chapter the cover. CAUTION: the the of the only to clear when the off. the or the top- of-form
the top-of-form The top-of-form the the the to when the or feed. This because where the the You to the top of to To this, the Removing from the tractor Tear off the printed or the tear-off the LF/FF to the to ejected. with the tractor, the TEAR OFF and LOAD/EJECT buttons.
Switching Continuous and with the easily switch to single-sheet without the from the tractor. This whenever the tractor the front or the or when both the front and (with the optional tractor). Switching to To switch from to follow the below. If the the TEAR OFF to the to the tear-off Tear off the and the TEAR OFF to the to the CAUTION: tear off the LOAD/EJECT the LOAD/EJECT to the of the and the The attached to the tractor the path. CAUTION: through the easily off the and the
the paper-release back to the single-sheet You from the front or top as this chapter. Switching and
Switching Continuous and Switching to You easily switch back to If the the LOAD/EJECT to slightly the and then top of the the and right together that they the the paper-release to the front or rear which the automatically.
to and of types, such as and of to the paper-thickness CAUTION: or that within the of the to to the head. information the Chapter the paper-thickness to when to ordinary the paper-thickness To thicknesses of the with paper-thickness that to These the the to the
the following to the paper-thickness to match the thickness of to the below: Ordinary sheets or Thin Chapter If the paper-thickness to the the MULTI-PART light and reduced. You of to four (including the the paper-thickness to the the the paper-thickness the as ordinary the sections and sheets this chapter. to the top-of-form CAUTION: from the top. the front instead. that the inches) thickness. type* Ordinary (with ribbon) sheets to or0
choose the type mounted with with tractor. to as feed properly. You from the front tractor or tractor), or tractor) however, should the the You the that the paper-thickness to Loading with the tractor earlier this chapter with the LOAD/EJECT or TEAR OFF buttons. easily off the and the to and humidity, them operating the they around the and when To from the first tear off the the Then the LF/FF to the of the
You individually using the sheet from the top only. If to the the optional cut-sheet of with the cut-sheet the of the paper-thickness to or the thickness of the To follow the from the top, this chapter. The head the or right of the or other thick that within the of the the of the If the with the arrow the
the Lights.. Other features DIP Switches DIP-switch DIP-switch DIP-switch feed.. the Tear the tear-off the TEAR OFF the tear-off Character Character pitch.. the
The lights the of the The buttons of the Lights POWER On when the switch and supplied. DATA On when the memory MULTI-PART On when the paper-thickness to or higher. this light the PAPER OUT (red) On when the of PAUSE On when the PAUSE This light off the PAUSE to TEAR OFF On when the TEAR OFF to feed to the tear-off the
BIN On when of the optional cut-sheet selected feeding. BIN On when of the optional cut-sheet selected feeding. Font Shows which selected. Pitch which pitch selected. PAUSE Press this to temporarily Press this to LOAD/EJECT Press this to loaded, or to loaded. If the paper-release to the single-sheet ejected. If the paper-release to the front-tractor or rear-tractor back to the LF/FF feed/Form feed) Press this to the this to of or to the top of the the
ALT this while other the following BUFFER CLEAR (ALT PAUSE) MICRO FEED: TEAR OFF Select) this to the when both optional and sheets. this once to feed from the to the tear-off Press this to the to the FONT Press this to of the built-in If optional installed, choosing SLOT. PITCH Press this to of the character pitches (characters inch). The the as only; slightly appearance. the Clears the and the including top-of-form (ALT LOAD/EJECT) (ALT LF/FF) this chapter
Other features The to the LF/FF LQ or LOAD/EJECT while the to the The that operating properly and of the DIP-switch the section testing the information. both the LF/FF and LOAD/EJECT while the to The allows advanced to the of the and the The the of this chapter. the
DIP Switches the of the of DIP switches, which the the features, such as the character and the length. These become effective when the turned or initialized. DIP-switch the turned off. the DIP-switch cover. pointed such as the of to switch or off. The the following the DIP-switch each the DIP-switch cover. The DIP-switch when the turned the
DIP-switch The below the each DIP switch function. The appear Table DIP Switch International character and character Table DIP Switch SW ON OFF Tear off ON OFF* linefeed OFF* ON the Table the DIP Switches
DIP Switches International character Character SW Character SW SW SW international character OFF PC (United States) ON ON ON ON PC ON ON OFF ON PC ON OFF ON ON PC ON OFF OFF ON PC OFF ON ON ON shown PC (United States). the to
DIP-switch functions This section the features with the DIP switches. International character You choose from international character DIP switches and to DIP-switch Table the character The character with DIP switches USA, Germany, United I, Italy, and I. the following with the ESC software command: (English), II, II, America, and Character graphics character to the character You these character DIP switches and as To graphics character first DIP switch of these characters included the the DIP Switches
DIP Switches graphics The ordinarily text bidirectionally and graphics characters unidirectionally You however, text to with the software ESC If to increase graphics character to bidirectional turning DIP switch If DIP switch off, graphics character whether or ESC High-speed DIP switch to (characters second) the The reduces the of each character to increase the If or high-speed temporarily switches to the turned off. Also, dot-graphics, or characters, switches to that only. The input from If to free other while the DIP switch off to the KB input the
Turning DIP switch when the function. this function to one-inch the and the first the that the the perforation. of the top and these You top-of-form with the MICRO FEED buttons of the the of and the top of the DIP switches and of the four DIP-switch Tear off You DIP switch to tear-off of the tear-off Tear-off with with the or front push-tractor. the DIP Switches
DIP Switches line-feed (DIP switch the follows each (CR) with (LF). If DIP switch off. If each the DIP switch the
The micro-feed allows to the or 1/180-inch You this to the and tear-off to the or tear-off the the off the The to the when the turned the single-sheet the the off the The to the factory when the turned To the the ALT with the LOAD/EJECT or LF/FF as indicated the Follow the below to the MICRO FEED operates: that the of the the
While holding the ALT the LOAD/EJECT to feed the or the LF/FF to the backward, as indicated the arrows the buttons. the The the of the the If too high or the the with the as follows: the turned or single-sheet the LOAD/EJECT The MULTI-PART light to You the while the MULTI- PART the
While holding the ALT button, the LOAD/EJECT to the the or the LF/FF to the the The the and to the The and If to the these the and the the reaches the factory-set the and feeding the factory as reference when the the
Tear the tear-off to the tear-off of the You then easily tear off the back to the This the normally You the tear-off of Turn DIP switch to tear-off Press the TEAR OFF the CAUTION: The tear-off with the front or push-tractor feeding the tear-off with backward, off the and the the tear-off tear-off with DIP switch the to the tear-off when The to the tear-off whenever the of or feed, and then three seconds. tear-off the following the off. Turn DIP switch Also, the selected correctly (DIP switches and Turn the the
the front or tractor (as Chapter the the to the tear-off Tear off If the perforation the tear-off the tear-off the micro-feed as this chapter. the the back to the and You tear-off turned (DIP switch when using sheets or the tractor tear-off when the paper-release to the single-sheet or the TEAR OFF Whether or the tear-off the TEAR OFF to to the tear-off following the below: finished. Press the TEAR OFF The the to the tear-off and the TEAR OFF light Tear off If the perforation the tear-off the tear-off the as the section of this chapter. the the back to the and (You manually the back to the the TEAR OFF the Tear
Tear the tear-off If the perforation the tear-off follow the below to the tear-off the the tear-off and the TEAR OFF light While holding the ALT button, the LOAD/EJECT to the tear-off the or the LF/FF to the tear-off the The the tear-off the turned off. Tear off the the back to the and The and tear-off If to the tear-off the the and the the reaches the factory-set tear-off the and feeding the factory as reference when the tear-off the
You of selecting character and other from the The the as only; slightly appearance. The from the off the commands often should options instead of the to If software instructions selecting Character The built-in Orator-S, and OCR-B. To the FONT the light of that selection SLOT optional that The and The of each and the You the LQ-870/1170) to increase the of the as shown the following the
There the high-speed and the DIP switch The following shows characters each Normal (DIP switch OFF) '"#$%&'()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK !"#$%&'()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?8ABCDEFGHIJK the AAAA AA AAAAA
WX~~{:}-~CU~~BBB~~~~~~~~A~~~&~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ #WV Orator-S OCR-B !#SX&O*+,-. wxyzCl~aC~Ct~a~C~C~~~;~~~~~~~~~~~~~~f~~~~~ )*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK \I /012~4~6789:;<=,?@ABCDEFGHIJK /012?456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUV the JK RI .I
Character pitch You character pitch from the To pitch, the PITCH the light to the pitch The below shows the character pitches each Orator-S OCR-B the each character amount of the from character to character. the lowercase than The below the pitches: the or This This This IS This This This W.
that allows users to the of the and the of the To follow these the off. the LOAD/EJECT and LF/FF buttons while the The three the Next, or written the as shown below. 1B 1B 6C 6F o To off the PAUSE to and the then off the reading the characters the text field the right of the (shown or the of which to the the text field, characters appear as their ASCII characters, they Nonprintable such as 6E 6F 6F 6E This 6D 2E 6D OD OA the .@.R..t..6..P 6D of o
the Cut-Sheet cut-sheet Loading with the cut-sheet Loading or with the high-capacity cut-sheet Assembling the cut-sheet Switching and the cut-sheet Additional Tractor Unit The tractor and Interface Cards interface C823051/C823061 interface the
Cut-Sheet cut-sheet with High-capacity LQ-870 C806371 C806381 LQ-1170 C806391 C806401 The cut-sheet to sheets of this cut-sheet manually the The high-capacity cut-sheet to of You to with this cut-sheet You both cut-sheet and them as cut-sheet Assembling the This allows to of automatically. Follow the included with cut-sheet to then the cut-sheet as this chapter. cut-sheet of each cut-sheet high-capacity, or basically the cut-sheet following the below. the turned off. the and cover. If the tractor the top-tractor and the front- or rear-tractor and the paper-tension the the to the Also, the cut-sheet the
the paper-release the single-sheet the cut-sheet both Press the and the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the Release the to the cut-sheet the cover first the front the the then lowering You ready to with cut-sheet To cut-sheet the Loading with the cut-sheet the cut-sheet as follows: the the Cut-Sheet
Cut-Sheet the it with the Next, the right to roughly match the of the the the the the and of and Next, the and of the to the the
CAUTION: or the cut-sheet to sheets of the the of the right that matches the of the allows the to and freely. the back to the the the wires to the of the Then the notches the straight the mounting the to the to the of You the or the front The cut-sheet when to the (as as the PAUSE light You from the cut-sheet the LOAD/EJECT the Cut-Sheet
Cut-Sheet Loading or with the high-capacity cut-sheet the the and right to release them. the it with the then back its Next, the right to roughly match the of the the the
the the the and of and Next, the and of the to the CAUTION: or the cut-sheet to of or the the of the right that matches and that the of the allows the to and freely. the Cut-Sheet
Cut-Sheet If the back. the back to the or the You sheets the front or the the and The cut-sheet when to the (as as the PAUSE light You from the cut-sheet the LOAD/EJECT the
Assembling the cut-sheet You the cut-sheet and high-capacity cut-sheet to cut-sheet Follow these the cover from the back of the high-capacity cut-sheet and the cut-sheet both the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the of the high-capacity cut-sheet the Cut-Sheet
Cut-Sheet Press the cut-sheet together while the the cut-sheet securely together. the assembled cut-sheet the cut-sheet this chapter. each the sections this chapter. You cut-sheet to You the front The high-capacity cut-sheet becomes BIN and the cut-sheet becomes BIN Select the the BIN SELECT The light of the selected You the software commands as or software as software the
Switching and the cut-sheet This allows to switch easily the cut-sheet and the tractor-feeding without the or the supply. Switching to If the path, the LOAD/EJECT to the release the front or push-tractor the to the the Cut-Sheet
Cut-Sheet Switching to the cut-sheet If sheets the the TEAR OFF to the to the tear-off Tear off the Press the LOAD/EJECT The the to the The attached to the tractor the path. CAUTION: feed backward. easily off their and the the instructions below. the paper-release the single-sheet If follow these instructions to to the supply and switch to the cut-sheet Press the LF/FF the the where tear off easily. tearing off the fresh supply perforation below the push-tractor. Press the LF/FF to the The attached to the push-tractor. the paper-release the single-sheet the
Additional Tractor Unit You the performance of tractor the tractor as option. This and of once recommended to the highest graphics. Also, the tractor the front and of the and switch them the release The and Below the of feeding with tractor or Rear push-tractor the
Additional Tractor Unit tractor the as another the front or the the of the front or rear push-tractor Continuous Chapter Turn the Press the LOAD/EJECT to then the LF/FF to of CAUTION: the the of the to clear when the off. the or the top- of-form Release the of the and the to match the of the that the both the tractors that the crooked. the of the the tractor of the and the as Continuous Chapter the covers. the
If there the the and tractors, the paper-release the and the micro-feed to the Then the paper-release back its that the crooked or and the the and the Additional Tractor Unit the
Interface Card You optional interface to built-in interface. The interfaces below with If whether optional interface or would to know about interfaces, These interfaces countries. the turned off. the and the interface the
the screws from the interface cover and the the both of the interface the the the of the interface fits the internal the cover and the screws to If the screws the screws the interface To the interface first the cord; then the of the the Interface Card
Interface Card The C823051 interface If optional interface, to the of the or they properly. should the information optional interface or to match the with the interface. If using the C823051 optional interface with that through the section below selection. You to to the section and interface information to other such as or the with C823051 optional interface. selection You from the following and second). the the selection the C823051 interface the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) indicating that Once the the increases to bytes, the X-ON or the DTR to (SPACE) indicating that to detected, other including and the
Chapter and Transportation Cleaning the the Ribbon Cartridge.. Transporting the and Transportation
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly year. the turned off. Then the cover, tractor and to clear and If the outer or or with cloth with the cover to from the WARNING: to the or CAUTION: or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the or the of the with the or service think and Transportation
the Ribbon Cartridge becomes too to the The following recommended: LQ-870 LQ-1170 To the follow the the Chapter the optional when high- operations, the ribbons and Transportation
Transporting the If to the and as below. Turn off the the and options. the from the then the interface from the the If the to the instructions If protective screw, to the shipment. Chapter instructions. the and the and them the and Transportation
Chapter Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting
and This chapter to If the first the the below and then the the supply supplied. The The or the characters or graphics. Printed characters what expected. The what expected. properly. feed properly. the cut-sheet the feed properly. properly. optional interface, the properly. Troubleshooting
supplied. The POWER light that the the outlet properly. If the outlet switch or another the outlet to whether the outlet operating properly. Troubleshooting
The The PAUSE light Press the PAUSE The PAUSE light off nothing printed. that the software properly the softwares both of the interface the and the the both the and specifications. the interface, shielded twisted-pair The PAPER OUT light the The sounds nothing printed. The properly. the section Chapter The the The thickness incorrect. The the sounds and the abruptly. Turn off the and or other then to If the correctly, or service Troubleshooting
The PAUSE light and or abruptly. The head overheated. the when the head The or Printed characters the The properly. the section Chapter The The the that the paper-thickness correctly the the characters or graphics. of the The head and or service to the head. There the or the the Printed characters what expected. The or characters that software printed. that the software correctly Troubleshooting
The selected the software the The characters printed. The character or the international character selected. the DIP-switch The what expected. too high or too the the top software. Micro-feed to the the text the DIP switch that the to each The text with line-feed DIP switch off. The match the of the with DIP switches and the software and necessary. Troubleshooting
the One-inch DIP switch off. the perforation the of the the top-of-form as the DIP-switch match length. If the top and DIP switch off. too the or the of the top of the to choose the when choose from software to reduce or the top and to reduce the length. If specify single-sheet with software. If the correctly, the Chapter If the properly, the right and the the the software, or the If the or service Troubleshooting
The following section through and If using the optional cut-sheet the section options sheets properly. single-sheet the and feed. that the paper-release back to the single-sheet The too to the right. the with the arrow the the the rotates feed. the firmly. too the or the of the top of the to choose the when choose from Chapter If single-sheet with software. software to reduce or the top and reduce the length. the software. Troubleshooting
The crooked or the Turn off the and the paper-release the pull-tractor the and the following items: the within the specified the with the The the LOAD/EJECT to the LF/FF The too that within the specified Continuous feed properly. the and the the The PAUSE light Press the PAUSE The feed, although the rotates. that the paper-release to the The feed crooked or the the supply or other that supply within of the The of supply from feeding straight. Troubleshooting
that the the of the with each other. Also, the locked and their covers closed. that the paper-thickness correctly the that the thickness within the specified The properly. The too Tear off the and from the that within the specified Troubleshooting
the cut-sheet the feed properly. from the the rotates feed. The cut-sheet incorrectly the that the paper-release back to the single-sheet the head. You too the cut-sheet There only the or sheets the You too the cut-sheet You to the of the the and The feed crooked. The or creased. only of There too the that the and Troubleshooting
tractor feed properly. The crooked or that the both tractors optional interface, the properly. The or the what expected. You trying to interface or interface with the specifications. the specifications to the interface with this The and interface match. the the and match. Troubleshooting
Chapter Technical Specifications Specifications.. Mechanical.. Interface Specifications.. Specifications and assignments Interface Optional Specifications Cut-sheet Technical Specifications
Specifications Quality Characters inch High-speed Bidirectional Unidirectional graphics. (Bidirectional graphics selected with DIP switch or the software command.) 1/6-inch, 1/8-inch or spacing: of 1/360-inch Friction: 1/6-inch Paper-feed 8KB or 0KB (DIP-switch Technical Specifications Tractor: 1/6-inch Continuous feed: inches Characters/second/line
Printable Character characters LQ-1170 LQ-870 IO condensed) condensed) Character Font C Orator-S OCR-B You other combinations using commands. the summary chapter Scalable Font ASCII characters Character international character Pitch character graphics character 1Ocpi Technical Specifications Specifications ESC/P
Specifications Top insertion insertion Continuous Envelope Printable sheets Technical Specifications to to inches) to to inches) inch) inches) to to to inch) to inch) or Printable or LQ-870 inch) inch) or or or LQ-1170 LQ-1170 to to inches) to to inches) inches IO inches)
or LQ-870 inch) to to to inches) to inches) inches) .I Printable I the below LQ-1170 and right to inch) to inches) I I inches) Technical Specifications Specifications
Specifications sheets thickness: top or front insertion of Notes: You with this however, increase and If this higher of Technical Specifications Continuous (including to top insertion to to front insertion to Continuous to to to and Carbonless, front insertion or to to to inch) (front insertion): to to to to inch) to to to to inch) to to inch) inch) inch) to to to
Mechanical Friction (without or with optional Paper-feed cut-sheet Push-tractor (front- or rear-tractor) Pull-tractor Push-pull-tractor (optional) Ribbon: LQ-870: LQ-1170: LQ, dots/character): characters head): MCBF: LQ-870: hours duty) MTBF: LQ-1170: hours ribbon) head life: and Height LQ-870: LQ-1170: LQ, dots/character): characters characters duty) LQ-870 LQ-1170 Technical Specifications Specifications
Specifications Rated Rated Rated Insulation AC and chassis): Technical Specifications AC AC to LQ-870: LQ-1170: to to DC AC and chassis) AC
Humidity: Operation: to Operation: to to 35C to 60C to 140F) Technical Specifications Specifications to 95F) RH without RH without
Interface Specifications with interface Specifications and assignments The built-in interface the following characteristics: STROBE Synchronization: BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Amphenol or Connector: Connector assignments and of their respective interface shown the following Direction STROBE STROBE to than microseconds the DATA DATA IN the to of DATA IN respectively. HIGH DATA IN when DATA IN DATA IN DATA IN DATA IN ACKNLG OUT About LOW that and that the ready to Technical Specifications IN These information of and LOW when
Direction BUSY OUT HIGH that the The HIGH the following AUTO IN this LOW, the Not used. NC C NC Not used. ERROR OUT This becomes LOW when the PE OUT HIGH that the of SLCT OUT to through FEED R=T (The to this DIP switch GND ground chassis ground, which GND isolated from the ground. GND Twisted-pair ground INIT IN this becomes LOW, the to its and the cleared. This normally HIGH; its than the PAUSE botton PAUSE Technical Specifications Interface Specifications to ON.)
interface Specifications The heading Direction to the of flow as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the interface based TTL Both the and of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW. Technical Specifications
Interface The below shows the the interface. BUSY STROBE TA Technical Specifications Interface Specifications
Option Specifications Cut-sheet and include the capacity: C806371 and C806391 sheets: to sheets of C806381 and C806401 to and type) to MCBF: Technical Specifications C806381 and C806401 to sheets of
C806371 C806391 C806381 C806401 Thickness Humidity (without operating Envelope only with the C806381 or C806401 cut-sheet operating to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to 22C to 72F) Humidity: to Operation: to 60C to 140F) Operation: to to to 35C to 95F) Technical Specifications Optional Specifications N/A N/A to to to to to to to to to to RH RH RH
Optional Specifications There three that the to of the turned or when the INIT from the interface LOW). Software software the ESC the command. the PAUSE with the ALT These three of slightly effects. Software and the or clear the character Also, software clear the of The below shows the that when the initialized. Top-of-form Current and right VFU Font selection Characters Character pitch Technical Specifications Item Cleared Every characters to the Hardware: cleared Software: to the o
Command Summary the Command Summary Commands Topic feeding motion Font selection Font Spacing Character Graphics Command Summary
the Command Summary This the ESC/P You these commands to high ESC/P commands and and graphics. The following section and the commands topic. If they explained. indicated lowercase usually The below the indicated. ESC with ESC command that to the and to turn off. ESC with ESC with of information these commands, to purchase the ESC/P Reference Command Summary
Commands Topic ASCII Hex. ESC Turn Unidirectional On/Off ESC ESC EM the or and or feeding ASCII Hex. CR FF LF ESC ESC ESC ESC Loading/Ejecting ESC EM command the the characters or OD OA 2B Select of R Select Spacing Spacing n/180-inch Spacing n/360-inch Spacing Command Summary of CSF CSF
Commands Topic Hex. ASCII ESC ESC C ESC C ESC C ESC ESC ESC ESC Command Summary 4E 4F 6C Format Top -I- Units ESC C of of of inches Margin of Top/Bottom Margin Continuous Margin Right Margin right
motion ASCII Hex. ESC ESC ESC ESC Relative ESC HT ESC VT ESC SC LQ this command OB 4A Topic from this and ESC from top to Terminated to should Vertically n/180-inch Command Summary
Commands Topic Font selection ASCII Hex. ESC ESC ESC I Select ESC Select ESC ESC Turn On/Off ESC Select Quality or Command Summary 6B Select Typeface Font Pitch and ESC with ESC I, 4D Select OCR-B Orator-S ESC pitch to pitch Select or or and other typeface) M, YZ Quality C or
ASCII Hex. ESC Select Font Font ESC Select Font ESC Font ESC Select To the of ESC Font ASCII Hex. SI OF DC2 SO ESCW Turn Double-Width On/Off DC4 Double-Width OE Select Double-Width Commands Topic together the of the to from the below: double-width Command Summary
Commands Topic ASCII ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Command Summary Hex. Turn Double-Height On/Off Select Select 2D Select 2D ESC Strikethrough selected Turn On/Off Select Character Normal with
Spacing ASCII Hex. ESC ESC Unit ESC Character ASCII Hex. ESC Assign Character Table Commands Topic Intercharacter of of to the characters Units inch and inch (LQ and ESC positioning as inch Motion Pitch n/360-inch ESC Assign Character Table to Character (USA) PC PC PC PC PC Command Summary (HMI) and or
Commands Topic ASCII Hex. Select Character Select character ESC ESC ESC Character ESC: ESC ESC of With Graphics this command the of Command Summary Select International Character 3A Copy ROM to RAM Select ESC characters from O-127 to USA Norway II UK ESC first character character of character of character right of character A2 each or Typeface Normal assigned "I", or II America
ASCII ESC ESC ASCII Hex. ESC Hex. 5E 2A Commands Topic ESC as Characters ESC amount of as character ESC Command -I-
Commands Topic Graphics ESC Select Graphics Graphics with ESC. The following allowed: Command Summary Hex. 2E Graphics ESC or ESC ESC graphics of I< of DPI -I- and DPI
Character A-2 character A-2 Graphics character A-3 International Character A-6 A-1
Character These character selected DIP switches and or using the ESC software command. the graphics character the software commands whether to (ESC or character CDDE0123456769ABCDEF NUL LF VTESC+ C FF CR SO SI A-2 (ESC SPO DC2 #3CScs oCS$ TO-0 ESC and ESC 9F characters DC4$ SI #3CScs
Graphics character PC (United States) CDDE0123456789ABCDEF NUL PC 0123456789ABCDEF WL C SI SP DC2 #3CScsd6ti SP DC2 #3CScs$86 %SEUeuh&fiA+lo '7GWgwqtiQAxfp, .>N /?O Character A-3
Character PC CODE0123456789ABCDEF NUL PC (Canada-French) CODE0123456789ABCDEF NUL C FF CR SI A-4 SP DC2 #3CScsb6ti SPO DC2 #3CScs~~ii /?O-0 fi C f,, JL PO
PC CDDE0123456789ABCDEF NUL Characters with ESC To the characters the o Q) C SP DC2 #3CScsb6ti FV !I pCEd% first the ESC cdmmand. This featuring ESC/P2. Character 1L A-5
Character International Character ASCII DIP SW Country USA ON ON OFF fi ON OFF ON U.K. ON OFF OFF OFF ON ON OFF ON OFF OFF OFF ON DIP switch off to the international character DIP switch. The following when ESC software command. Country Norway II America A-6 5C tl tl o fi II #$Ai 5D 5E 7C fi ASCII 5C 5D 5E o 7D 7E ON ON ON OFF OFF OFF 7C 7E
The following apply specifically to software that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and this selected DIP switch, each (CR) line-feed (LF) bidirectional which the head from to right only other On the other from right to This increases the of the head both or which the of information or of information consisting of character of numbers, and GL-1
character of the ASCII character that graphic or characters. characters inch of the of text characters. the which each character approximately of the of characters. or spreadsheets that each perforated and to such as or feed. characters inch. cut-sheet (CSF) optional, that of the troubleshooting that advanced users the of the and the the each and ASCII GL-2
or that when the turned or initialized. DIP switches switches that functions and the of the when turned or initialized. DIP of which each or of double-height which each character as as of characters. Each character double-width which each character as as One of three of character high-speed high-speed and Quality. of characters. Each character with the slightly to the right of the first. ESC/P This of commands software of from It and software computers. GL-3
ESC/P The of the ESC/P this features: and graphics of type family and that the to the top of high-speed One of the three High-speed of character to high-speed and Quality. To establish the of the turning the or INIT interface The the and the interface character or and interface which the characters This Also, character that characters and Quality (LQ) One of three Quality readability and appearance reduced and high-speed GL-4
and that the The to which the loaded. It with the that the and tear-off interface interface. The that the which the of the character from character to character. than The than typewritten RAM Random Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. To to its command or INIT or turning the off and then back the of the the the its DIP switch and the characters that its ROM. GL-5
which each character about two-thirds the height the of the character which each character about two-thirds the height the of the character tear off that the perforation of to the tear-off and then the back to the tear-off The the the to when the TEAR OFF or when the tear-off This using micro-feed that the perforation the tear-off top of The the that the as the first The the to this when the only. Unidirectional useful graphics allows than bidirectional characters Characters that and the the known as characters. GL-6