rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and photocopiers and copying or of copyrighted While copying of copyrighted those as broad as people each to and of the copyright when and and MicroWeave and of Corporation. PhotoCenter, SoundAdvice, and service and PhotoEnhance and ColorLife, Performance and RPM of Inc. Notice: Other and of their owners. and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. CPD-15633R2 America, Inc. Copyright Notice of Copyrighted
state-of-the-art both professional and office users. With to the output everything from to family You edge-to-edge, of or of About Software The software CD-ROM that with includes the software the sheet instructions. and You cant without Its to to and the section to there free of charge, downloading to Download instructions included The includes the ICC Profiles, which with Photoshop, Photoshop and other software to of the when color-managed PhotoCenter free photo-sharing where and high-resolution straight from the and and photo The software to the PhotoCenter SM
software CD includes GretagMacbeth the to what this software instructions and information, the when using the Photoshop CD-ROM) photo-editing and capabilitiesfrom the of Photoshop, the leading software the on-screen Started instructions. About To and its software, the Then this instructions Loading with or the basic Please follow these throughout: Warning: to injury. to to Notes information about hints about and instructions and technical specifications, on-screen Reference as below. SM
the On-Screen Reference You should the on-screen Reference when as the (If the software CD-ROM and Reference from the to the to You to the Reference such as Microsoft or or Firefox or or or If the correctly. (A included the software CD-ROM.) To the the Reference You this Click to the of Click topic the to the of expanding the of the topic to
If theres right arrow to then topic to to Click the arrow to Closed to Click to to topic If graphic when Reference the to the graphic.
Loading This chapter to as these Loading the Sheet below Loading Loading instructions on-screen Reference Loading the Follow these when the Its usually whiter, or brighter than the other the first, when landscape-oriented or the top first. You to sheets of or Heavyweight. and sheet Dont the arrow the
and turned the right of the and the the (Dont the the Dont the the this arrow the Loading Printable first the inch
Loading You to each or the cover and the thickness to the to the thickness back to the when the first, the right of the the the as the and choose the the as or OS X). the and the the Loading
Loading These to 4-inch follow the to turn and the the and the the the positioning the back of the as shown. the the touching the of the as as If necessary, the and protective from the of the the straight with corners. If the feeding the Loading the arrows the
If the off the too tightly, the that the of the the sheet and the to the (This with that than inches.) the the the the the front of the the the right the the right of the and the the the to the Its to the the right the the right of the correctly, and right of the Loading
the of the the as as then the the Gently the to from the the the closed, and the front of the to smoothly. the as and release the to the the Dont force the to the Allow the to automatically. the when Pressing the feeding Loading
If the or Incorrectly If the incorrectly, the following: Press the three seconds to the (You to this than once to the completely.) If the and the off. Then the inches from where the as straight as to further feeding Gently the to and then the the the light Press the to the light off. the the straight and If necessary, the reloading. Removing and the another or it from the Follow these Press the button. The the to where to and the If to the the back the Then the the the If finished follow the of the to the the of the facing from the as straight as to feeding Loading
Dont the as Its to or straight to the of the right feeding the about three seconds. The backward, from the (You to this to back the the from the and the to its resealable both and from high and and of sunlight. the the light You the to turn the light off Loading
from to This chapter covers the following: With OS X Selecting the Correct Whenever the right the and Choose the right the the type of selected, the loaded.
ready to from follow these the and loaded. From the You this If the instead of selecting from the this and to the software EPSON selected. Click or Preferences (If or first. Then or Preferences the from to Click to software
You the following the to Its the to of Choose the If which to select, to or and white photograph. Choose Black to or text The the of and the highest RPM selected Custom then the Advanced that appears. instructions selecting RPM. Click OK to to the and information about the You right-click item the and then Whats This? Select the type of the Select Click OK from to
this appears and shows the of You the to or You appear Selecting the You from within the apply what the If the to whenever that and other as the Follow these XP: Click and (or and Click Right-click the EPSON and Preferences Select the to Then OK when finished and the If the The the from to Click to Click to or the of with the least amount the the shown
With OS ready to from OS follow these to the or as the the and loaded. From the the Format If of the options. If to without of the Select the and finished, OK from to
Select from the You this: the and the option chose the the option the Format and the If the Select from the pull-down You basic Select from to Select the chose the Click and Select type Select and and white photographs
the following the to Its the to of Choose the If which to select, to and and white photographs, or Black to or The the of and the highest RPM) selected Advanced instructions selecting RPM. You options such as the following the to the of or to options to as PDF to ColorSync, the the or off the software Summary to of selections Optionally, to Click from to
To the of the (or when it appears the the of Then the You this: You the or to of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to If listed, then the Priority arrow as to the from to
You advanced higher or selecting of and layouts. On the Custom the Custom and of these rough of text ICM Matching): as closely as with or matching with other or the Click Custom then choose from the Custom or Advanced from to
Click the Advanced You the Advanced You the Custom the to the Advanced Click to RPM the Select Click to the highest (highest RPM Then OK higher information about advanced the If such as the ICC that with and to the other advanced to If to as group, Then the Custom and from to
to them this of the Custom the You Custom to the Custom Click the to or the If the Source to Shows If includes options the of or these to theyre correct. Select or Select or Select the of and other options Select or the text or or increase the from to
Click the to If to the and the Click OK to and to the then OK (or to from to Click to reduce or and options Click to both of the Select to or to
On the Custom then the Custom to Optionally, of these from the Custom rough of text ColorSync as closely as with ColorSync Click Custom then Custom to the of options from to
Advanced You this information advanced If and to from the and the highest RPM other advanced to Click from to To from the pull-down Click to RPM the of Select other options
Selecting the Correct Select the what of using and the coverage accordingly. this Select this sheets or Bright White Iron-On Quality Quality Cards Quality Heavyweight Double-Sided Quality Cards Scrapbook Quality Quality Heavyweight from to
You with the the to the of the Although or without trimming. Follow these to sheets: and Click Then or Preferences the to Select type as the option. the back cover of Click the You the following: Choose or as Source. from to and the Select the the
Click the the and OK Choose If inch choose Perforations You Select the then OK Click OK or OS Follow these to sheets: photo and photo Click You the the Format pull-down If this option, the to the or correctly. the sheet instructions. Choose the and then OK from to
If inch choose Perforations You Click Select from the pull-down the pull-down the to Select as the option. the back cover of other Then from to
This section covers the following: Cleaning the Head below Cartridge the Head Cleaning the Transporting the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or from the to clean the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head This section to the head using the Head Cleaning utility, which the recommended when the directly to You clean the head the the three seconds (when the light off). the Its to turn least once month to quality.
the Head Cleaning the and the light off. You cant the head the light flashing or the instead. and from the Click or Preferences Then the OS X: the Applications Double-click EPSON and SP the Then OK On the the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the light flashing, to that the head clean. the and or Confirmation Then The the section If the its If the white Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the Quality You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head
the the It should something this: and straight should with the If If there the clean the head instructions. Cartridge the and lights both flashing, of This to the and lights both and to You empty. the the obtained otherwise the the head than months to that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, the the and lights flashing.
these within months of them and the the T007201 Color: T009201 To and them. Other products to covered warranty. You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please and Cartridges Once the the Follow these to the turned and the cover and the button. The head to the To the the head hand.
the software to the and which to From the software and the the instructions the software.) You the and (or and Right-click the and Preferences OS X: Applications EPSON SP Click OK then EPSON The the right and the the the The from its the of the and of Warning: of the reach of If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the Then the top. You the from the top of the or permanently the Dont the board the back of the and Black
the slightly as the that the the Dont the the the the when Press the If to the other through with Press the and the cover. The the head and charging the The light flashes, and the Charging about finished, the light flashing and off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the the
the Head If to the head. to to the Head Follow these the and loaded. the whenever the head and from the Click or Preferences Then the OS X: the Applications Double-click EPSON and SP the Then OK You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to You this
On the the with the precisely top of each other. You to or Select each and the of the each the the Then Next If cant the of the and to another Then this Follow the instructions the to On the the that the least Select each of the and its the the Then If cant smooth the of the and click to another Then this
Cleaning the To its should Follow these Turn off the and the light to the and the the then to or from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont the the or brush, or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning included with they the
Transporting the If to its or of Follow these To the when the to the the its location. Turn the the head the right then the off. the from the Then the from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the the and the using the protective that with the sheet the as the the the head and If quality, the head the head the to the
This section the basics and First to the of the Then and to and Its to to and the section to there free of charge, downloading to Download instructions
Right cover thickness light light
You the lights, as this section, or as Checking the Lights Lights Explanation The ready to flashes The charging or cleaning the head. It flashes when the head to the and both lights flash, of the To which the following: the graphic the the the software. instructions the software. OS X: Choose Applications EPSON SP EPSON light light Then the as
Lights Explanation and both lights of the of which empty. Then the as If both lights cant off and of the head, or internal Turn off the the cover, and Also, the as the Then the back If the isnt cleared, or information. flashes and or incorrectly, or and off both lights off, the these the turned Turn off the the securely, and the If or incorrectly, or Then the to off the light and (If the to off the light, then the to If of the following: If the button to to clear the If that off the and the the to Then the and the to If the least three seconds to clear the If that about clearing the and switch or If another
You to whether from the or other Follow these both the and turned off. Then the interface from the or the the then and release the holding the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and the shown below. (If the its to the head; To the the off the Then the interface and and If the the software the interface or Another that or software correctly. If the with the and If nothing to or as
and troubleshooting software, or the or Software The installation. The first the charge its about charging finishes (the light flashing) turn off the or charge improperly and the If the moving or the light flashing turn off the If the light flashing when back as the completely and the Turn off the then back to clear the the software. turned and the securely connected both Then follow the instructions the the other including and protection software, and or software correctly, software Block Hardware> or instead.
XP or The USB correctly from earlier of the Universal properly. If If on-screen Reference instructions The light nothing the interface connected securely and the the or as If the and software correctly. If to as on-screen Reference The sounds as though nothing the head clogged. To the head, The properly or it when or awhile. too the Notices. If high-resolution than the listed. You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM).
the try these Choose Black include the Quality/Speed to Turn MicroWeave off and/or High these the Advanced OS X, these the If the ECP/DMA or the Quality You (light The head cleaning; instructions. the matches the loaded; the of the Its whiter or The replacing. To or OS X) instructions. the Head instructions. the thickness to the the to the when thicker or You to turn off High the software.
or smeared. isnt or curled, or loaded (the should If or curled, of with or sheet the the on-screen Reference to and absorption of the Head instructions. the thickness If the thicker or If other smear. the thickness to the each from the when or the The head cleaning; instructions. The or To the matches the loaded. isnt or If of with the whiter or than the other
You or If both and software The head cleaning; The or To turning off PhotoEnhance. using that using or OS X) instructions. The built software reference that correctly. the the Advanced or the (OS X). exactly match on-screen as ICM or ColorSync (Macintosh)to as as or using higher Select higher Quality or instructions. You to increase the or the instructions software the Head utility. instructions. with Too the both software and or If the the Press the to the then the If when the or too thin.
feed correctly or the If feed, from the the right then the the If once, the from the the to the and If the seconds to clear the If that off the and the the to the and the If to while the light feed properly. Press the to off the light If incorrectly or frequently: smooth, high-quality Dont the arrow the the the right and the too tightly. correctly. To correctly, the with hand while the Dont force the to feed the Allow to automatically. or other to the of the to the If the the feed smoothly. If the least three seconds to clear the If the light the and the light to off. Then the to as the Source If (or selected, feed each of when off and then
If or the the three seconds to the (You to this to the completely.) Then the to off the light. Finally, the and the to If curled, the the the to the You to the about inches. Printout The inverted, as Turn off the Advanced or the (If Iron-On the should inverted.) The selected or as the active the or The head cleaning. The incorrect. the software or OS X) instructions. software instructions choosing the The within the of the Specifications on-screen Reference or incorrect. and options correctly. You incorrect characters. the interface securely and the or Then selected or as the active the or If switch or USB with the directly to
Uninstalling and the Software If using to and then software. this might necessary when operating You to software or on-screen Reference and the when software. You to OS X; the the the and or (or Select EPSON Software the and the Change/Remove the the selected and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. when Then follow the instructions the to software.
Where To If with the information below. If with the software that with the information technical hours through the services and telephone services the following Service Access World From the reach At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated of services hours Telephone Services To these services, tone telephone and SoundAdvice this to the SoundAdvice. To to technical representative, U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase and operating of the You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please SM
Software Technical If with the software that with please the software as below. Software Telephone Photoshop GretagMacbeth to Eastern through support/main.html to through
Notices This chapter includes instructions, and warranty information. To and its software, should Microsoft PC with or or recommended XP or Edition with Service or with Service Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction. 64MB of RAM (128MB or recommended) 150MB of free (200MB or recommended) VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD the software To and its software, should Apple or G3, G4, or G5, or OS to with built-in USB and shielded USB AB to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction. 128MB of RAM; recommended 150MB of free (200MB recommended) VGA or CD-ROM or DVD the software
Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the and from of interference, such as or locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the the near or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the turn the off the The light flashes and then off. Dont switch off the or the the light off. or cover the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the of California to and other Notices
Cartridge Instructions of the reach of children and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or the the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of first them. cool, from allow to least three hours using this the or to them. This the head. the IC the of the This and If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding transporting the the head the right and the the to the to it the ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The EPA ENERGY STAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: P158A Notices
Inc., Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the first purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the and free from workmanship and of year from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the which the of the warranty the warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and quality. of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and This warranty and apply to purchased from This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty to the or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. Notices SM
THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to America, Inc. P.O. CA Notices
Notices
Accessories, Photoshop Advanced to to head, to OS X, to to Blurry to Bright White to C text or Characters, incorrect, Checking Cleaning head, to sheets, OS X, ColorSync, to Macintosh, to to Declaration of Conformity, to Double-Sided to Photoshop,
PhotoCenter, SoundAdvice, warranty, to lights, to cards, GretagMacbeth Head Cleaning to Heavyweight High ICC ICM Incorrect characters, replacing, to instructions, to Inverted Iron-On thickness, Lights, to Loading to
advanced to basic to to USB to Marginless to Margins, incorrect, MicroWeave Network to feeding to clearing, to Source thickness Quality Quality RPM, PhotoCenter, Photoshop light, to Bright White head to cleaning, to to increasing, cleaning, to to to to Index
advanced, to basic, to to to increasing rough highest to software, to feeding, to to to Profiles, Reference to software, highest, clearing feeding to to to to instructions, to to Scrapbook sheets, Scrapbook Sheet to to Smears, Software to Software SoundAdvice, Source, Support, to Technical to Thickness Iron-On, Transporting Troubleshooting, to
Uninstalling software, software, USB Head to Head to Warranty, to advanced to to to to highest USB World Index
information other products and ideas, the www.printlabseries.com the back cover of and information. Double-Sided Heavyweight Scrapbook Cards Quality or respectively) inches inches) inches) inches) inches, inches, inches) inches) inches, inches, inches inches) inches inches inches) inches) inches) inches) inches inches inches) inches) inches), perforated A6 inches) A4 inches) S041141/S041271/ S041272 S041378 S041500 S041568 S041257 S041467 S041468 S041263 S041286 S041464 S041465 S041466 S041289 S041302 S041376 S041331 S041327 S041329 S041405 S041407 S041408 S041409 SCR1001 S041064 S041606 S041144 S041106 Cartridges Heavyweight Professional-looking, and graphics Perfect art T007201 T009201 (Color) Scrapbook with finish. Acid-free and these to years when Water-resistant, photographic-weight featuring this of Bright White Quality Quality Cards inches) inches) A6 inches) S041586 S041062 S041054 Paper/Photo inches, non-perforated, S041809 Cartridges T007201 T009201 (Color) AM and Cartridges and to the that earned their awards! specially coated to with that when of the and smooth. about of and Where To Purchase and You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
information other products and ideas, the www.printlabseries.com the back of and information. Double-Sided Heavyweight Scrapbook Cards Quality or respectively) inches inches) inches) inches) inches, inches, inches) inches) inches, inches, inches inches) inches inches inches) inches) inches feet inches) inches) inches inches inches) inches) inches), perforated A6 inches) A4 inches) S041141/S041271/ S041272 S041378 S041500 S041568 S041257 S041467 S041468 S041263 S041286 S041464 S041465 S041466 S041289 S041302 S041376 S041331 S041327 S041329 S041405 S041407 S041408 S041409 SCR1001 S041064 S041606 S041144 S041106 T009201 (Color) T007201 (Black) Professional-looking, and graphics Perfect art Cartridges Water-resistant, photographic-weight featuring this of Scrapbook with finish. Acid-free and these to years when Bright White Quality Quality Cards inches) inches) A6 inches) S041586 S041062 S041054 Paper/Photo inches, non-perforated, S041809 Cartridges T007201 T009201 (Color) and Cartridges and to the that earned their awards! specially coated to with that when of the and smooth. about of and AM Where To Purchase and You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please