Specifications yellow) each Printable and Character pitch (characters Printable inch) condensed) condensed) milliseconds -inch 256KB Bidirectional with text and graphics; and ESC/P and expanded graphics IBM XL24E spacing: -inch -inch, or -inch Character and graphics character Character and International character EPSON LQ (characters second) (characters second) Since the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or sheets: inches) A4 A2 A3/B inches) A3 US inches) US C inches) B4 B5 inches) inches) inches) and coated and high-quality Thickness to inch to to to to to inches DL inches C5 inches or Thickness to inch to to to cards: A6 Thickness inches) A4 that completely cover the thickness EPSON
EPSON inches) A4 Thickness to to inches to to Thickness to to to to inches inches to length) Thickness to to to inches inches to length) inches Thickness thickness: thickness: reduce and and other If switch to higher of coated high-quality and these to 77F to 25C) Humidity to RH (High-quality to relative and to 86F to 30C). or and EPSON Printable sheets The top inch The inch this inch A3 A2 US and US C and inch B4 The right inch this inches A3 and A2 and inches US and US C C The inch The inches BR BL The top inch The inch The right inch C The inch first, Continuous The top and and below the perforation inch). The and right inch The inches BL BR C C
Cartridges Black (S020062): Black capacity* (A4 Cartridge life* years from and to months the 77F (25C) to 104F to 40C) month 104F (40C) to 140F to 60C) month 104F (40C) hours 140F (60C) 27F (3C) inch (W) inches (D) inches (H) (W) (D) (H) (S020049): Colors and capacity* (A4; of each Cartridge life* years from and to months the 77F (25C) to 104F to 40C) month 104F (40C) to 140F to 60C) month 104F (40C) hours 140F (60C) 29F 6C) inches (W) inches (D) inches (H) (W) (D) (H) If often graphics and text with white than with of white The thaws hours 77F (25C). only EPSON and them. Other products to that covered warranties. the the UL with D3, CSA with D3 EMC: FCC EPSON Mechanical Friction, tractor path: front Tractor Sheet capacity: sheets* of EPSON coated of EPSON high-quality of coated such as A3/B and A2, the sheets. (A4, Width: inches Depth, inches Depth, inches inches without to Rated to to Rated LQ to 95F to 35C) to 140F to 60C) month 104F (40C) hours 140F (60C) Humidity: to RH to RH (without The with of which using the the the with software The to the when software allow to You other and pitch commands. ESC/P EPSON
EPSON Fonts EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Fonts EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Interface Specifications IEEE P1284 Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: or The to of these The turned The INIT from the interface: LOW Software Software the ESC the command; the the and the the three the to the selected the However, ESC the clear the input or clear the character The the or clear the character The below shows the that when the initialized. and text the Item Top-of-form sheets: measured and right -inch EPSON Item Character pitch selected Cleared Every characters Font selection selected effects and character Hardware/control cleared Software The lights the and as this section. from software. Lights On when the On when memory or when or Flashes when the On when the or The the or Flashes when the NNN On when the empty. Flashes when the If while the You to with the switching to To this, off the turn and On when the of Flashes there On when Flashes while the or head cleaning.
On when selected. the character. that as this rough of only. On when selected. this the selected of their that characters Font Indicates which selected. the to other than those the Both lights when the to the below, functions and this about seconds to the to the The light flashing. Press the to the to its the Cartridge. This with other to the or the heads; the section information. (or temporarily. Press to this about three seconds to Selects or as indicated the and lights. this from DOS (or Cleaning LF/FF Press this to feed to or to to the top-of-form Font Press this the of lights the of choice. this from DOS the or tear-off while Press the to or to backward. To the about three seconds. Both Font lights to flash. To The this the memory. EPSON Loads or of The normally and automatically. this to to the and functions The combinations below to Clears the and the to their factory LF/FF Cleaning Cleans the head; Cleaning the Heads. NNN Cleans the head; Cleaning the Heads. Cleaning and instruction the the both buttons the lights flash. this from DOS To the and off the the following combinations, the light flashes or releasing the buttons. (LQ the and Testing the LF/FF the and Testing the LF/FF connected to PC, containing of the to the troubleshooting To the and then off the (Demonstration Prints of the and the To the and then off the If the when printed, as Economy/Condensed the the section information. To the and then off the EPSON
EPSON smear Decreases the to allow the to this function when smeared. This as the Additional through the If to the factory and the using the buttons. To the and instructions, off the the Then the Economy/Condensed while the back Follow the instructions the to the the the finished, and off the to The shown the below and the following The Font T, Pitch Option I/F interface seconds seconds Software ESC/P IBM XL24E On CR* AGM* On PC437 PC850, PC860, PC861, PC863, Character PC865, BRASCII, ISO International character U.S.A. Germany, U.K., Italy, feed On On Network I/F inch inch, inch, inch, Others perforation On tear off On Transparency On IBM EPSON the head the The options and the head to the graphics and the head both the as as the switches and as when received. Font and Pitch. Select the built-in and character pitch as the Normally software to the and pitch. The Font and Pitch (characters inch). Interface from which interface the allows the to switch as the and interfaces. might to the interface to or Option. Option optional interface The from the interface. interface the seconds or seconds) the to from the interface (and from the other interface) when the interface Software. the to when from DOS: EPSON ESC/P or IBM XL24E. If software allows to EPSON ESC/P choose the advanced and graphics. CR. that the and feed operation the the right of the (Used IBM XL24E only.) AGM Graphics that the high-resolution, graphics commands. (Used IBM XL24E only.) Character Selects the of characters and that printed. The the U.S.A. character If commonly containing or other characters the U.S.A. character to character feed. that character the command. off. If text top of another, feed. Network interface If when the connected to interface interface off. whether the slashed or unslashed This clearly distinguishing and only when with the You the to or (the of A4 inches.
perforation. Selects whether or the the perforations of 1-inch the and the first the software their top and this them. This single-sheet tear off. the perforation to the tear-off where easily tear off the the the to the top-of-form and of the the tractor to this to off. off the and the Selects the type to this to when from DOS Select when text or when the and yellow and high-quality Select Transparency when Transparency selected, that as single-sheet the paper-release to the single-sheet and advanced to the with the LF/FF Removing the Protective You protective around and and the and protective to the the The should its or the Black Cartridge Follow the this section to Warning: The self-contained ordinary from If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the the or the EPSON the turned the cover as shown. the from its the of the with the the following the instructions the the the the You light off. the correctly the If the light the correctly. and then as the cover as shown. The first the the charges the This about EPSON
EPSON the charging process, the light flashes. turn off the while the light flashing. Also, the while the to to EPSON and them. Other products covered warranty. the Cartridge Follow the this section to the head. If become the the or the Warning: The self-contained ordinary from If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the Then the protective from the the Next, the from the top of the as shown. the from the of the EPSON the the head with the and the arrow to the rear. the Press the You Once the the or the to with the and head become Press the to the head to its right) the the head back to its about seconds the The first the the charges the and the head to its This about to the charging process, the light flashes. off the while this light flashing. to the cleaning operation. You the cleaning when the while without or when the off while.
Loading the You to sheets of with the facing The with arrow the paper-release to the single-sheet the the upright the right to the as as the to match the the Then the it EPSON TITLE LM-9.EPS B. EPSON AMERICA, INC. CA DATE DRAWN BY of then to the the of the the right of the the right the the of the The to sheets of the arrow which located the of the the to match the of the than the match the of this the and as shown. the to the that the of the the The the to allow the the sheet and to Testing the the to functioning properly. the that least inches If the head directly the which EPSON
EPSON Press the to off the off the or switching off off the the While holding the the to the the to then release the buttons. The the first and of the first of to the length. If the turn off the and You to the buttons seconds If the the If to the the while holding the LF/FF The To the the If there the path, the to Then off the the the the off the the If the of the the heads. Then or another to the You to these procedures to the You to connecting the to PC and the using the that with the software that allows to the You the included the or that with The the EPSON and Utility. the they to It to of EPSON the If follow the the section to the the Follow these to the Turn and the the You the the Command type A:SETUP (or B:SETUP the B). Press or OK You the EPSON Highlight EPSON the and The copying the You showing the of the as proceeds. the the EPSON containing these EPSON EPSON EPSON ReadMe the Click OK to the using the EPSON Utility. The selects the EPSON as and assigns the to LPT1. the Follow these to the software First the the then the EPSON to the and EPSON If originally the the and the connected to the (The to Turn off the and necessary.
Turn the first; then the If it the You the New displayed the Select the from other buttons. Click OK You the From the that with If the A, OK the the Copy from and OK You the Select selected the pull-down and OK At the the that the type the To the as the applications, the Click the Next At to Click the button. The the to and the to the Then to the the to completely. Select the the correctly. (If correctly, there with the the and finishes To the and the of the software EPSON then You the the pull-down type A:SETUP (or B:SETUP and the OK button. You the EPSON Highlight the pull-down and The copying the to and shows the of the as proceeds. the disappears, the or the EPSON and EPSON appear. Then OK the to the EPSON The EPSON these EPSON EPSON EPSON ReadMe using the EPSON Utility. The selects as the and assigns the to LPT1. If to or the assignment, instructions. DOS DOS software include EPSON If the ESC/P software, choose the first the below. with software to and white only, select: LQ-870/1170 LQ-570(+)/1070(+) SQ-870/1070 LQ-850 LQ-500 as as and white, select: LQ-860 LQ-2550 DLQ-3000 These features, such as and MicroWeave. the Follow these to the and Turn off protection the software. You this holding the while You the the to appears. the without to the protection Turn and the EPSON If necessary, the to the EPSON
EPSON Double-click the README1st the to the information and its the the README1st to the Double-click the to the the OK to You the following You the Network containing the and three or the individually. To the Network You to the the AT-StylusColor If the and to them the the or the StylusColor The and its below. AT-StylusColor This the optional interface to the to This that to the Background to the Utility. Utility. This the EPSON This assigns to the Click to the software to and follow instructions the the to the and the The the the the and the EPSON to assign to the and the using the Chooser. EPSON the the factory that text and graphics properly If however, the with the EPSON Utility. with PC If the the to Follow these Double-click the EPSON the EPSON group. Click OK the to the Select EPSON as the Select which head or to Then Next Select the the connected to. Then Next the and loaded; then Next The printed. Select the that then Next and each selected, the Sheet of the slightly the that closely the of the that or of the Then Next If selected the that closely through the the to the with the and You to choose connected. Click Network You the Select and head or to calibrated.
the then the to of these to the that to calibrated. If to the and then off the the the shown to highlight the Choose and then while the containing of each assigned with offset the slightly the that closely the offset of the that closely the and OK the to the Confirming Sheet the offset and each of the that to finish, to the turning the off the button. off the to the with switch or from the Thickness the thickness to correctly the type of or To the the cover; the the right back corner, as shown the following EPSON the below to the thickness type. If smeared, the thickness to the of the type) and the there the and that To this, the or off the type Transparency Previously smeared Continuous and Other You with and Coated they reduce the amount of that the coated enough the To the EPSON coated and that the EPSON To EPSON and or EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. the following when or other inches) Coated inches) inches) A3/B inches) Coated inches) S041060 A3/B inches) S041066 inches) High-quality inches) A3/B inches) Transparency inches) S041064 The built-in tractor allows to to inches or to inches You the to coated or the following coated and within year of purchase. within months. the of the the their The and reduce EPSON Thickness type Thickness S041062 S041067 S041069 S041070 S041072 S041074 S041075
EPSON high-quality or each from the immediately. each sheets and to their as as the wrapped and protected high humidity, and sunlightcan the Loading Coated or and the Loading the to coated or and the You to the following of sheets: sheets of coated or coated or than sheets and the reach than to the arrow the of the sheets of sheets of high-quality EPSON and high-quality to the they the loaded. Continuous The built-in tractor from inches to inches You the without from the the following turn the with the tractor the to the and then to the To the sheets off the If the of the and the to If appears too high or the to the or tear-off The them off the EPSON the the of the to the this the or to the top-of-form If the released from the backward; this the following the instructions the section. Loading Continuous Follow these to the the supply of directly the that smoothly. the obstructed, and allow enough to front of the the paper-release to the If the path, the to the paper-release the feed with both and and off the Release the the tractor the the to match the then the the
both covers. the of the Then the first four of the the and the covers. the its right with the arrow the The arrow the of the Then the to the the right to the Then the the to the Match the of the to the both of the and they EPSON both the of the the to the the to the and Removing Continuous Follow these to from the finished of the The the to the tear-off If the tear off the the perforation to the tear-off automatically. Tear off the Press the button. The the to the Switching Continuous and the tractor easily switch single-sheet and without type of Switching to To switch from to sheets, follow these If the tear off the Press the The the to the tear off back-feeding; back-feeding too back-feed easily off their and the EPSON TITLE 2-5.EPS EPSON AMERICA, INC. DATE
EPSON the paper-release to the single-sheet If the and lights flash, the paper-release feeding the to the the paper-release to the and the then the paper-release to the single-sheet the to match and type. The ready to from the or feed The when from the Switching to Continuous To switch from sheets back to follow the below: If the path, the to the paper-release to the If the and lights flash, the paper-release of the paper-release to the single-sheet and the then the paper-release to the the the to match and type. The ready to from the and to This section to and that properly. If the frequently, the following: higher that and too thin, too thick, or rough. EPSON coated and high-quality Specifications specifications. the of EPSON If the The should facing too sheets the Specifications the capacity. feeding If properly, the or The of The too thin or thick; Specifications and type specifications. The to humidity. Specifications the The too tight or too it the of the The thickness incorrectly the the Thickness Continuous the when from the the The paper-release to the Switching and Too sheets the Specifications the capacity. Cleaning the Heads The cleans its heads automatically, normally should to manually cleaning the the head become and reduce the If this cleaning to clear the You or both heads. cleaning about the cleaning the back and forth and hear the recharging the heads. The light flashes throughout the cleaning and then when the finished. To the head: the and the the and LF/FF The cleaning Press the to
To the head: the turned and the the and The cleaning Press the to It to three cleaning to To the quality, If the the heads three and the or of the section), or authorized EPSON servicer. the Cartridges The NNN lights when and when to them. If of these lights flashes, the indicated to the its light to. If its light flashes, the that when with the the the ready to with Attempting to without the If when the light off and then it back This the the and Once the the or the to them with ones. Once the empty, with the switching to To this, off the then it back and If the empty, the Selecting the Correct Cartridges these EPSON Black S020062 S020049 EPSON and them. Other products covered warranties. EPSON and the Black Cartridge Follow these to the and the Press the that the light the cover. the straight of the and of the or to Warning If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the from its the of the with the the following the the the the the the the back of the the If the light the correctly. the and then as the cover. Press the to If to the the Cartridge Follow these to the and the Press the that the light the cover the notch the cover. the about seconds the head slightly to the The light (The to the seconds the the to The of the EPSON light off.
EPSON the of the and of the or try to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the from its protective the from the top of the the from the of the otherwise, the its with the facing and the arrow to the back of the the Press the You Once the the or the to with the head and become Once that the head. Press the The light flashes as the charges the and the to its right) the the back to its about seconds the The light flashes about seconds while the off the while the light flashing; this charging of the cover. the charging finishes, the light flashing and Press the to off the light and If to the Cleaning the If to clean the follow these Turn off the and connected to to the cover closed as or other from the and tractor. and with EPSON Clean the with cloth. To of the interior, with cloth. or thinner to the these chemicals the and the or these scratch the allow to the or the the the with or they the Information Reference Notices Product Technical Information Related TM-STYLUS15 EPSON Service PL-STYLUS15 EPSON EPSON Reference EPSON and Software EPSON and Software