INK JET PRINTER and Software rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Approved Products Corporation. EPSON, EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P of Corporation. copyright Software copyright Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc. Printed with least
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of
Introduction The EPSON high-quality that and art of The however, easily to with the optional With the the to to The easy to and You and the Microsoft software as this The built-in interface to IBM PC If to the of built-in interface, optional interface board. Optional Interfaces the Reference instructions the with Apple Macintosh, the and Software This to the following: to and Chapter to and the to instructions. and the the that with the Chapter the the the EPSON the information. Introduction
to the Reference instructions operating and as as troubleshooting and technical specifications. the of The of that or You these using the to of with specially and Three to Choose From of the amount of that represented. The higher the the and the and the to inch The three or and the high-quality and enough, selecting the Chapter Introduction
Specially The type of Although with coated because they as To the quality, EPSON offers coated and that specifically the the You these products directly from EPSON Accessories (U.S. only). information about and other Chapter of the Reference and specially to with EPSON and the to the EPSON and them. Other products covered warranties. within months of them and the the The includes option that the Matching and the the to and the the type. Introduction
Where to If purchased the United States or EPSON and service through of Authorized EPSON Customer the United States and EPSON the following services when Technical information the installation, and of EPSON products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Customer Customer relations EPSON technical information service Product and products. You purchase and EPSON products from EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON. If purchased the United States or EPSON or the location and service. If with software that technical information. Introduction
Services EPSON Service CompuServe If the to helpful specifications, and EPSON products through the services below. You the EPSON Service (BBS) membership required. software to with and to the that with software information. CompuServe the America CompuServe. If type GO EPSON the to reach the If currently free introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: introductory credit CompuServe user ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication. To of this offer, the United States and and other countries, the following U.S. telephone or CompuServe Introduction
Instructions using the following instructions to and effectively: Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heat or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets the as or that switch and off. the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the outlet as specifically the Reference to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following Introduction If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions.
the Choosing Location follow the instructions this chapter to to the the front cover to the To and its the following IBM with or Microsoft Workgroups or At least 8MB of RAM of 10MB of shielded, twisted-pair to to the built-in interface; the D-SUB, the and the VGA or higher choosing location the that and If using least pounds the
locations to and humidity. the from sunlight, heat and of interference, such as the of telephones. around the to its nothing the the of the Unpacking the to this should include EPSON Reference and Software Notice and these items: You protective around and and the Follow the the Notice Sheet with the to these and protective to the the It should its or the
the and the the the right of the the right mounting the Then the notch the the mounting the the notches the the mounting as shown below. the the
and Turning On the Follow these to and the protective from the information.) the turned off checking the of the The off when the of the with the protectors each the properly grounded Turn the the The light flashes whiles the its the the head back and forth and the turn. the
the Black Cartridge Follow the this section to Warning: The self-contained ordinary from If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the or become too the turned the as shown. the from its the
the of the with the the following the instructions the the the the You the cover as shown. the the correctly the light off. If the light the correctly. it and then as
the Optional The first the the charges the This about the charging process, the light flashes. off the while the light flashing. Also, the while the to Chapter of the Reference instructions. to only EPSON and them. Other products covered warranty. You to the optional (C832161). or EPSON Accessories (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. the head as this section and the as the section. Then through the as Chapter Once the head, become the
the Head Follow these to the head: the turned and the light off. the cover using the notch the of the cover. Press the to the light the about seconds the head slightly to the head The light flashes. the the head hand. the to
the head release as as the protective cover from the head the the this the the
the head from the pressing the notch as shown. the head the with the and head facing the back of the the the head or the the back and of the otherwise, the head.
the Cartridge Press the head release it clicks that the and lights flashing. If they the head and properly. the head once the head become follow the the section to the the head, follow the below to the The self-contained ordinary from If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the the or the the
the Then the protective sheet from the the Next, the from the top of the as shown. the the from the of the
the the head with the and the arrow to the rear. the Press the You Once the the or the to with the and head become the
Press the to the head to its right) the the head back to its about seconds the If the with the turn the off and back to You to to the cleaning operation. You the cleaning when the while without or when the off while. If to initiate cleaning Chapter of the Reference the The first the the charges the and the head to its This operation about to the charging process, the light flashes. off the while this light flashing.
If You New to with the EPSON whether graphics, photographs, or containing types. the following You to amount of to photographic from 10MB to 40MB of the and To reduce the the and of using and software. because of the to the and type of the the of and the interface type. than exactly match the and the to the the through another that affects the and combining red, and bluethe RGB to turning and off the red, and phosphors each the Colors this from yellow, and inkthe CMYK closely match as type, and the
Loading the Sheet The following to the instructions coated or and the or and the tractor Chapter of the Reference You to of specifications, of the Reference with the facing The with arrow the paper-release to the the If matching with software If software to the to match Also, include that the EPSON AMERICA, INC. CA TITLE LM-9.EPS DATE DRAWN BY B.
the the upright the right to the as as Then the to match the of the
the to the Then the of then to the the of the the the right of the the right Next, the the of the the
The to of the arrow which located the of the the to match the of the than the match the of this the and as shown. the
the output to the that the of the the output The rear the to allow the the and to Testing the the to functioning properly. the that least inches If the head directly the which Press the to off the the off the or turning off off the the
While holding the Load/Eject the to the the to then release the buttons. The the first and of the first of to the length. If the off the and You to the buttons seconds If the optional the If to the the while holding the LF/FF The when the To the the If there the path, the to Then off the the the the off the the If the of the clean the heads as Chapter of the Reference Then or another to the You to these to the You to connecting the to PC and the as the following using the that with instructions. the
Connecting the to PC You shielded, twisted-pair to to The D-SUB, and the interface. both the and turned off. the of the securely the interface Then the together they both If ground wire, to the ground to the interface the of the the interface to the instructions Turn the the and then Chapter instructions and using the the
Chapter and the the the This chapter to the and to such as type, type, and (To DOS software that allows to the You the the that with included the the EPSON and Utility. the they to Chapter instructions these It to of If follow the the section to the If instructions. Follow these to the Turn and and the
the the You the the Command type A:SETUP (or B:SETUP the B). Press or OK You the EPSON Highlight EPSON the and Click OK to the the EPSON Utility. Chapter instructions. The selects the EPSON as and assigns the to LPT1. If to the or the assignment, the section. to instructions the and the The copying the You showing the of the as proceeds. the the EPSON containing these EPSON EPSON EPSON ReadMe the
the or If to or to follow these the the Double-click the The appears. the pull-down the to as Click the If to the assignment the EPSON to To the assignment, EPSON the pull-down Click the You the the pull-down the to which to assign the EPSON the instructions selecting other options the Click OK to the Click to the the instructions using the and the
the Follow these to the software the the and-play then the EPSON to the and EPSON If originally the the and the connected to the (The to Turn off the and necessary. Turn the first; then the If the You the New displayed the Click the from of the other buttons. Click OK You the From the that with If the A, OK the the Copy from and OK You the Select and the
selected the pull-down and OK At the screen the that the type the To the as the the Click the Next button. At to Click the The the to and using the to the group. Then to the the to completely. Select the the correctly. (If correctly, there with the the and finishes To the and the of the software EPSON then You the the pull-down type A:SETUP (or B:SETUP the B), and the OK You the EPSON Highlight the pull-down and and the
The copying the to and shows the of the as proceeds. the the or the EPSON and EPSON appear. Then OK the to the using the EPSON Utility. instructions. The selects as the and assigns the to LPT1. If to or the instructions. to instructions the and the The EPSON these EPSON EPSON EPSON ReadMe
DOS DOS software include EPSON ESC/P If the software, choose the first the below. with software to or included with of software. and white only, select: LQ-870/1170 LQ-570(+)/1070(+) SQ-870/1070 LQ-850 LQ-500 as as and white, select: LQ-860 LQ-2550 DLQ-3000 These features, such as and MicroWeave. and the
the The of that allow to the type, type, and that the type of The with the as the You the as they or them The includes option the This option the each of the and the type, and halftoning automatically. charts, and photographs, each item the with the and halftone. Accessing the You the to the select. If the to apply to applications, the as below or If the to apply to the Accessing the from this chapter. Accessing the from Follow these to the from the Double-click the the group. Double-click the and the
Accessing the from Accessing the from Choose EPSON from the of Choose You the shown Follow these to the from the group: Double-click the Double-click the Double-click the EPSON the and Click the Click the button. You the shown You the choosing or from the of software If choose the directly and the shown and the
If choose first to the shown below software The the including the of and the To the choose the or (You to and then The software and the
the the the following (If this the correctly. instructions the At the top of the that boxes. The following the each (Factory type.) of each follow the and the
A4 A4 (Centered) A4 (Centered) (Landscape) (Centered) Envelope Envelope DL Envelope C5 A6 US US C B5 B4 A3 A3/B A2 to to Photograph Text and the Source Tractor (On, off (On, off (CMYK)
halftoning Dithering Dithering coated coated High-quality Transparency MicroWeave (On, off High On off) Brightness Matching Photo-realistic About information These options the the To the choosing the or and then to the to or boxes, choose the OK to the This the and to or and the
The of options or the selected another Therefore, options or listed, or of them If to the to their factory choose To the without choose information about the them this chapter, choose the the or the EPSON ReadMe the EPSON group. the inches) To or choose from the following A4 A6 A4 (Centered) US A4 US C B5 (Centered) B4 (Landscape) A3 A3/B (Centered) A2 Envelope to Envelope DL Envelope C5 to options the Source. The options the selected. and the
or Landscape Source If selected country other than the United States the International the the the (beneath the of the only the to the and software that this. slightly If the that appears beneath the the and Height to the Select the or to the of the the the top of the with the of the the top of the with the of the Normally should the software with the The You Sheet or Tractor If than inches choose and the top and to or the and the
to specify the of whether to them them or whether to the (from to first). Normally should these three from the software, with the choose both the and the The options memory. If or to these options, closing applications, reducing the of turning off the options, or increasing memory. These the what of and whether to or Select the type that closely matches the type of or the automatically. the and the This the the each of and the Matching and automatically. The selects the and halftoning based the contained each selects the matching based each such as each graphic or of and the
You the the option. to the type manually, follow these Select when containing graphic such as charts Select Photograph when photographs. Select when Select Text when containing of the manually and as the following Photograph Photo-realistic Text If or the the currently selected type and and the
(CMYK) or CMYK to the and (K). These to of Select (CMYK) the optional and includes the If and selected, the to selected as the type, the option To option, choose type other than You the halftoning when the the halftone If selected the type option, the selects the halftone to each as If selected of the other types, the selects halftone If halftone the the currently selected option and the halftone selected. It recommended that halftoning the rather than the halftone or dithering options software and the
If to the halftoning manually, follow these halftoning to text or when photographic It the and It to the photographic Dithering and Dithering The dithering relatively and charts, and other that of bright Select Dithering with and Dithering with to Coated and to Dithering and Dithering The the type, and options The following shows these related to each other and which options the and the
coated MicroWeave On High coated MicroWeave On High MicroWeave High On You to these options to other than the to the the of or the amount of to The higher the the and the the choose this MicroWeave turned and High off. EPSON coated or high-quality This good-quality, memory and than EPSON and the High MicroWeave On only) High MicroWeave On only) High coated MicroWeave On only) High MicroWeave High On Transparency MicroWeave On High
and enough, the the type of loaded. of the following: coated coated High-quality Transparency High-quality when (CMYK) and selected. You with and Coated they reduce the amount of that the coated enough the smear. To the EPSON and that the EPSON These include the following: EPSON coated this when EPSON coated this when and the
EPSON high-quality this with to only EPSON high-quality EPSON EPSON within months of the when To EPSON and or EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. Allows to the MicroWeave and High or off. MicroWeave reduces the of the light that MicroWeave, the graphics and It the recommended and the text and art, off to these of High the bidirectional reducing the to High choice and of other of highest off High If the appear when High the as Chapter and the
Brightness The options allow to the brightness, and matching features of It to the the If of however, the to the To the of appears the the accordingly. If to the to another (.BMP) the Then, the that appears, other The or If the from the appear or the the or of Increase to to the of the light and of increase the light become light and the become the intensity the whites and bright muted and the appear and the
the correction features based the selected to the when type or the It to Matching to the selection. The the following off correction features. the while the and highlights such as graphics and charts. Photo-realistic increases the such as photographs. they closely match the such as when selected the type and the
Chapter the With This chapter to that to the the EPSON It to the using the EPSON become the the EPSON and to the the EPSON to to the This allows to software while to the the appears the right of and the EPSON appears the corner. The included the EPSON or other operations when You the EPSON the or the to the the
The which to the shown below, allows to the of the and or the If the to appear each the EPSON to Then the and to off; the to the option Other options the EPSON allow to and choose what information to the and and Click information. If while trying to the caused conflicts with other temporary or You to the directory the EPSON Chapter of the Reference information. the
the the factory that text and graphics properly If however, the with the EPSON Utility. You to this the to location, If the the to the From DOS Chapter of Reference Follow these Double-click the EPSON the EPSON group. Click OK the to the EPSON selected as the Select which head or to Then Next Select the the connected to. Then Next the and with of then Next while the the Select the that then Next and the
the of the that or of the Then Next If selected the that closely through the the to the If that the of printed off, the the each selected, the of the slightly the that closely Not
paper-release tear-off cover optional interface cover cover interface head tractor thickness head feed