these instructions using Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective the cover and Turn the to the back of the and to to Press the the cover, then the cover. Unpack the only the from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the cover, then the cover. Press the to the This about off the or covers the with and of the from the first the Dont off the while or You and the instructions or CD or DVD, the the and the the and the the to the the whiter, or the right of the and the Then the and the of the too tightly. Dont the 1-F C 1-F software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection software, this software installation. the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that the CD. If the If the Account or OS X: Double-click the Click or OS X) and follow the instructions the the options section the back of this sheet information. Choose Then Next or OS X) and follow the instructions 1-F 1-F
these instructions using Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective the and Turn the to the back of the and to to Press the You and the instructions or CD or DVD, the the cover, then the cover. the and the Unpack the the and the only the from each the to the Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the whiter, or the right of the and the Then the and the of the too tightly. the cover, then the cover. Press the to the This about off the or covers the Dont the with and of the from the first the Dont off the while or 1-F C 1-F software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including screen and protection software, this software installation. the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that the CD. If the If the Account or OS X: Double-click the Click or OS X) and follow the instructions the Select the section the back of this information. Choose Then Next or OS X) and follow the instructions 1-F 1-F
options Wireless You the software every from which to The to the to with USB temporarily. the connected to the prompted to the (USB included.) know (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who If to Protected (WPS) to SSID and Direct USB USB Network If connecting the Protected (WPS), and the the within of the WPS router. Press and the the seconds. to the router or with or another to that correctly. the router off and then then to to Press the to that the and the strength. If the to or the to or such as If router or its (SSID), manually the If router or wireless security to know what of security and the WEP or WPA correctly. using TCP/IP, DHCP option router to with this the temporarily to that causing the to with USB securely connected as shown: the selected the software matches the of loaded. when expended. If expended, to feeding If feed correctly, the and the sheets, then them. Dont the the (usually the whiter, or the and the type selected the software matches the loaded. the information. If light or or they too to the head cleaning. the information. If to the head. the information. The and necessary. the information. If of the below, follow the to proceed: On Flashing Flashing the CD/DVD correctly CD or DVD), or the or the CD/DVD correctly and the the the closed, or the CD/DVD CD or DVD). and the then the to If CD or DVD, the CD/DVD and the button. incorrectly, expended, or with the correctly and or incompatible nearly expended. You to expended. The head or another and to the Turn the off. the cover and or other from the path. Then the back If the clear, The nearing or the of their service life. to the If the nearing the of their service life, the Flashing firmware and the recovery the firmware or On-screen with software Select or when software. Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the as below. technical (U.S.) or where or To with U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Software technical Photoshop www.adobe.com/support Recycling offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products 1-B C 1-B and with than the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from Authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. or the below to Its as easy as High-capacity Black Light Light wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect and and of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-35556 Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B
options Wireless You the software from which to The to the to with USB temporarily. the connected to the prompted to the (USB included.) know (SSID) and network Network Network If this information, the who If to Protected (WPS) to know SSID and Direct USB USB Network If the Protected (WPS), and the the within of the WPS the router. Press and the seconds. to the router or with or another to that correctly. the router off and then then to to Press the to that the and the strength. If try the to router or the to microwave or such as If router or its (SSID), manually the If router or wireless security to know what of security and the WEP or WPA correctly. using TCP/IP, DHCP option router to with this the temporarily to that causing the to with USB securely as shown: the selected the software matches the of loaded. On-screen with software when expended. If Select or when using software. expended, to Click the (or the Applications/Epson OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the as below. feeding If correctly, the and the then them. Dont the the (usually the whiter, or the quality, and the type selected the software matches the loaded. the information. If light or or technical they too to the head cleaning. the information. (U.S.) or where or If to the To with information. head. the U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM The and necessary. the information. AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. If of the below, follow the to proceed: Software technical On Flashing Flashing Photoshop www.adobe.com/support the CD/DVD correctly CD or DVD), or sheets the or the CD/DVD correctly and the the the closed, or the CD/DVD CD or DVD). and the then the to offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products If CD or DVD, the CD/DVD and the incorrectly, expended, or with the correctly and or incompatible nearly expended. You to expended. The head or another and to the Turn the off. the cover and or other from the path. Then the back If the clear, The nearing or the of their service life. to the If the nearing the of their service life, the Flashing firmware and the recovery the firmware or 1-B C 1-B and with than the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from Authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. or the below to Its as easy as High-capacity Black Light Light wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect and and of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-35556 Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B