One Product Reference EPSON (UK) LTD One Product Reference Reference DICF43 1-F This of the Reference HTML CD with the BK 1-F PMS327 1-F
R4C428_V2 A5 FRONT.FM Where to Information this first to and using EPSON Scan. This includes information the EPSON Scan software. to this information operation. This troubleshooting and information Reference the CD-ROM) The Reference included the CD-ROM offers easy-to- information about aspects of the EPSON Scan. It information the following: the and the software with and other Performing Troubleshooting To the Reference information using this CD-ROM, the included CD-ROM Sign-off:
R4C428_V2 A5 FRONT.FM One Product rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information contained only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Approved Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION from interference that from the of interface other than EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, Sign-off:
R4C428_V2 A5 FRONT.FM Sign-off:
A5 PARTS.FM Sign-off: Chapter EPSON Scan and Functions Scan and R4C428_V2 EPSON Scan and Functions
R4C428_V2 A5 PARTS.FM Sign-off: Scan and Functions top EPSON Scan and Functions front cover
A5 PARTS.FM Sign-off: R4C428_V2 EPSON Scan and Functions
R4C428_V2 A5 PARTS.FM Sign-off: The consists of buttons and lights, and to features. Match the the with those the chart below. lights light Function EPSON Scan and Functions Turns the Scan and off.
A5 PARTS.FM Proof Sign-off: cleaning stop/clear selection while the light The light the currently selected reduce/ the R4C428_V2 or from the and released quickly. If the head the to the the head to the and three seconds. Prints and when and while turning the the head to its Cleans the head when and three seconds when the or the head to the three seconds while the or light flashing or or Ejects the from the copying. copying and the while copying copying. the while the reduce/ light off. You choose B/W, and Allows the selection of If while the reduce/enlarge light off. The reduce/ light and the light the currently selected the while the light You choose the following and EPSON Scan and Functions light off.
R4C428_V2 A5 PARTS.FM Sign-off: Lights Light reduce/ On when the lights indicating the currently selected EPSON Scan and Functions On when the Scan and ready to or Flashing when the Scan scanning, copying, or On when the Scan of or copying. the then the to or Flashing when the the from the then the If the light to flash, turn off the Scan and of the of the path. Flashing when the nearly empty. On when the empty. the (S020189). Flashing when the nearly empty. On when empty. the (S020191). when the Selector lights indicating the currently selected
A5 PARTS.FM leadername Sign-off: lights the light off, these lights the Scan/Copy R4C428_V2 On when the On when the On when B/W the the light these lights the when the On when the On when the On when the On when there the or when another or occurred. EPSON Scan and Functions
R4C428_V2 A5 PARTS.FM Sign-off: EPSON Scan Parts and Functions
A5 SAFE.FM Sign-off: Chapter Instructions Declaration of Conformity Instructions Precautions the Scan the choosing the Scan ENERGY STAR and Notes. R4C428_V2 Instructions
R4C428_V2 A5 SAFE.FM Sign-off: Declaration of Conformity According to ISO/IEC and EN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, Representative: EPSON EUROPE B.V. Address: Prof. J. H. AT The Declares that the Product: Product Function C120A Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC Directive 73/23/EEC: EN H. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. Instructions
A5 SAFE.FM Sign-off: Instructions of these instructions using EPSON Scan. to follow and instructions the Scan. the Scan cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the Scan. the Scan or or heat or the the Scans through the to the Scan. the type of indicated the Scans to properly grounded outlets. using the as or other that amounts of electricity and switch and off. outlets switches or timers. the from of interference, such as and the of telephones. or cord. If with the Scan, the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the R4C428_V2 Instructions
R4C428_V2 A5 SAFE.FM Sign-off: to service the EPSON Scan yourself. the Scan and servicing to service the following The or the Scan; the Scan or the the Scan normally or performance. If using the Scan Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and protection this Scan, the building protected A- Precautions the Scan the Scan or the head operation. the head hand. Doing the EPSON Scan. this pressed, the of the Scan the light flashes and then off. the Scan or off the to the outlet the Instructions light flashing.
A5 SAFE.FM Sign-off: the Scan, the head the right) and the the of the reach of allow children to from or otherwise the If off with and If them immediately with the this the immediately from its Leaving the reduced Once the or the to with the become the the the within months of them. the or to them. Doing the head. choosing the Scan the EPSON Scan that the Scan The Scan properly or to and humidity. Also, the Scan from sunlight, light, and heat R4C428_V2 Instructions
R4C428_V2 A5 SAFE.FM Sign-off: to and enough around the Scan to allow the Scan where the easily French-speaking users: fiche NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the operation of Scan. Instructions
A5 PAPER.FM Sign-off: Chapter Loading the Loading Loading Loading and Other About cleaning sheets. Loading EPSON Loading the perforated EPSON R4C428_V2 Loading the
R4C428_V2 A5 PAPER.FM Sign-off: Loading This chapter to and other the and and of these information feeding the and Loading Follow these to the Scan or copying. the and the Next, the that the the slightly than the of of then to the edges. the of with the and the right of the resting the right of the Then the the of the Loading the
A5 PAPER.FM Sign-off: the first. the fits the arrow the from the the Loading and Other You with coated and higher these amounts of You of including cards, and sheets. EPSON that the EPSON It recommended that these to high-quality EPSON of these products. distributed EPSON, the instructions included with the and the following R4C428_V2 Loading the
R4C428_V2 A5 PAPER.FM Sign-off: the of the facing when the the instruction with the to which the corners to the as shown the If the selecting the the the the fits the arrow located the of the from the the Loading the
A5 PAPER.FM leadername Sign-off: The EPSON below. and to the arrow the Quality Quality Cards, Cards, and Cards to of the of Quality One to of inch the of and One the included and the of and Iron-On Cool Paper-Heavyweight to sheets. the of Paper-Heavyweight. to sheets R4C428_V2 to cards. the included the cards. One Loading the
R4C428_V2 A5 PAPER.FM Sign-off: If the curled, to or slightly the smear when with selected as the Printable If smears when thick the to the To the the front cover and the as shown the the to the or copying of thickness. Leaving the the the the the the High the Advanced off. To this option off, to the Quality Loading the
A5 PAPER.FM Sign-off: About cleaning Cleaning with EPSON should with the Scan. The cleaning function these sheets and the the Scan. Loading please the following: You to the The and thickness of If the thickness of the of the the to the To this, the front cover and the the to the or copying of thickness. Leaving the the the the the the High the Advanced off. To this option off, to the Quality R4C428_V2 Loading the
R4C428_V2 A5 PAPER.FM Sign-off: first with the as shown below. that or to the using that too thin; they Select as the the EPSON EPSON (S041134, S041254) perforated around the to inch or photographs. Loading the following when EPSON Loading the DL, C6
A5 PAPER.FM Sign-off: the with the perforated as shown below. If the or the curled, to feeding the included the of You to sheets of inch or of the or tear the the perforation only Select as the and or as the Removing the perforated the following when the perforated R4C428_V2 Loading the
R4C428_V2 A5 PAPER.FM leadername Sign-off: To the perforated the back and forth the perforations, then tear the off. You the the perforations. that the of might off when the perforated the below. Loading the
A5 PAPER.FM Sign-off: inch R4C428_V2 Loading the
R4C428_V2 A5 PAPER.FM Sign-off: EPSON the following when to the as as and to high humidity, or sunlight. EPSON resealable and them from high high humidity, and sunlight. Loading the
A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: Chapter the Software Software Introduction information Accessing the software to the the the the Custom the Advanced the the to the or four the Head Head and Option Information Information Through Accessing from Accessing from the Increasing the the High R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: Software Introduction The the Scan's This software choose from of to the when It includes that to Scan and to information information using the to information the the The the software the of information about the software. Information Through instructions Accessing the software You the software from applications, or from the the software from the apply to the the software from the the apply to of the Software
A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: From Follow the below to software from From the or the that appears, or to of these buttons.) The From the Follow the below to software from the Click to then Select EPSON Scan then the The to The the following and Reduce/Enlarge, The the to four of the as below. This the and to the R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: PhotoEnhance This choose from of image-correction specially the Custom This choose from of or to the of to Custom selected, the Advanced allowing to the Advanced the Custom Advanced This the Advanced where to to From the Advanced to the Custom the Advanced to that aspects of using the and the the The what other should this first. On the the that matches the the To what the below, and to the (shown of there to choose from. the Software
A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: EPSON (A4) S041214 EPSON (A4) S041059 S041025 EPSON S041060 S041028 EPSON Iron-On Cool (A4) S041154 EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153 S041155 Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041061 S041026 EPSON Quality S041062 S041029 EPSON Quality S041067 S041048 EPSON Quality Cards (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality Cards S041121 EPSON Quality Cards S041122 EPSON Quality (A4) S041106 EPSON Cards A6 (with S041147 EPSON Cards (with S041148 EPSON Cards (with S041149 R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: EPSON (A4) S041140 EPSON S041141 EPSON S041134 EPSON S041255 EPSON S041254 EPSON S041145 EPSON Cards (A4) S041177 Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041071 EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON Quality (A6) S041107 EPSON (A6) S041144 EPSON (A6) S041176 EPSON (A4) S041063 EPSON S041064 Paper-Heavyweight EPSON Paper-Heavyweight (A4) S041256 S041258 S041259 EPSON Paper-Heavyweight S041257 The of location. the Software
A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: the selected as the the the of of the based the and To the to or Black to and-white or To the the the selected the (while selected), appears the Custom that choose Quality or Select Quality when than and that the these the the of the R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: the The PhotoEnhance of image-correction that apply to PhotoEnhance This when with selected increase the and the amount of contained You from the the below. This correction this first. People This of Nature This such as and Soft This as they with soft-focus This tone to Selecting PhotoEnhance the Correction Select this when with to the smooth, appearance of photographs with the Custom The Custom offers of such as charts, and and applying color-matching You and the Advanced the Software
A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: You from the following Text/Graph This such as and charts. This of ICM This to match ICM This with other Follow the below to Custom Select Custom as the the Click anywhere the to then the the type of or to Custom other such as Quality, and automatically. to these reflected the the of the to the and as they affected the Custom select. the the Advanced The the Advanced these to with ideas, or to of to Once with them and them to the Custom the R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: Advanced Follow the instructions below to Advanced Select Custom as the the and then Advanced The following appears. Select the the Scan. the Choose or Black the Specify Quality other as necessary. The PhotoEnhance the affects text or selected from the Tone when PhotoEnhance selected), the text or the the and Quality the Software
A5 SOFTW.FM leadername Proof Sign-off: Click OK to apply and to the If to to the without applying To Advanced the section. and To Advanced the Custom the Advanced The Custom appears. the then Advanced to the Custom You apply the of EPSON to You the from the Custom To from the Custom the the Custom and R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: To the Custom the then the Custom located to the right of the Custom If the or when of selected the Custom the selection shown the to Custom The that selected affected the To to the To of the the the appears: the Software
A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: The buttons to the following You the the following and or the of the preview. Select and or R4C428_V2 This option the of the factor of Fit-to-screen This option the that fits the of the Select this option to the This option displays the the Selecting this option on/off the This the the The Scan which this This option displays the This allows to of the This option to what they when the first If nothing this option appears Previous This option displays the previous to the currently (If there then this option Next This option displays the the (If there then this option the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTW.FM leadername Sign-off: Apply The appear the information The and options allow to which the to printed. To or first highlight the the of appearing the of the Highlight the clicking once the Then or from the the to the or to the You using of located the and On the the the of the of and the On the match the to the or four sheet of to cover sheets, or the Software The highlighted to the of to printed. The highlighted from the of to printed.
A5 SOFTW.FM leadername Sign-off: the the the to the the of and other specify the and the You the following the Select the to You Select the of to You to or to the which to of Select or to the of If to to the of the the R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: Printable Select to the Select to increase the to the the Reduce/Enlarge options the to to the You from the following Normal Prints its to Proportionally or reduces the of to the the the the Software selected, the the of the using this sheet to quality. selected, the the curled.
A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: Custom Allows to manually reduce or Click the to the to to and or four Select as the the to or four of of To than the of should the following Prints or four of of Prints around each that the sheet of the where the which the the of selection the R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: to cover or of Select as the to Click the to the The To anywhere the the and from the of the Software
A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: You text-based or image-based to the To the The following appears. Creating image-based Select BMP Click the to specify the to then OK the then Click OK to to the Creating text-based Select Text text the Text The text that assigned to the as R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: If to the type the then Click OK to to the Click the The following appears. From the the to then Color, Font and please the reflected the the of the finished the OK the EPSON allow to the Scans and to functions from the Software
A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: To the the the software then the the to information to the software, Accessing the software The parentheses the the shortcut that Press and the the to that the Head Cleaning, or Head EPSON Scan connected to through the Head and Head while otherwise, R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: with information, such as the amount of and This when both of the following The EPSON Scan connected directly to the the or USB to bidirectional The the head the and cleaning to that the head cleared. If the the head cleaning, the Head Cleaning directly from the Checking the Head Head Cleaning The Head Cleaning cleans the head. You to clean the head when the first to that the head to cleaned. You the directly from the Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head Head The Head the head. this of Follow the on-screen instructions to this the Software
A5 SOFTW.FM leadername Sign-off: and Option Information This allows the to the EPSON Scan's It information Scan characteristics, such as its ID. the of the information displayed the and Option Information automatically, or to manually. If appears prompting to input options information, or the EPSON Scan follow the below to the Click the Sheet the and Option Information to the information the EPSON Scan and its This that A4 or the The to the below. R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: the the and Option Information match the information the If they match, the the screen appropriately. Click OK to You related to and this The as follows. High To of High To the of the Software
A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: Preferences Click this to the Preferences where EPSON You the following Select the item this whether to or scanning, or copying. Select the to the which to Shortcut Select the Shortcut to shortcut Clicking the shortcut the EPSON To which displayed, the from the choices selection shown the right. Allow of R4C428_V2 Select this to allow of Scan other computers. the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: Click the to Select Notification to their Information Through The EPSON Scan offers You from the or directly from the operating Accessing from includes that information related to the that the or Utility), then To about item of the right-click the then What's This? Accessing from the Click the to and Scan and then EPSON Scan The Increasing the Follow the instructions this section to increase the of Scan. the Software
A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: as high than the of this reason, to selective of the highest and of when that includes photographs, it to the other that to increase the the this section when The following shows the factors that and (increasing the other). Quality Normal High On On characteristics High R4C428_V2 Quality Higher Quality the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: The below shows the factors related to only. Black On On On characteristics of HDD free Memory free Software One memory Not the and software to of from to white. the Software
A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: the High To this the The following appears. Select the High to high-speed This as when of R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTW.FM Sign-off: the Software
A5 STATW.FM Sign-off: Chapter Checking and the the EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON information EPSON Checking and R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 STATW.FM Sign-off: the to the Scan, the as shown the below. The the of the and information when bidirectional the Scan and established. This displays helpful as below. The appear when the cleared the Progress information. Checking and
A5 STATW.FM Sign-off: EPSON the of EPSON appear the text the of the appears seconds. displayed the If while appears the text the top of the the or to appears below the text Click To and EPSON step-by- through the the EPSON EPSON to If or them the that they (with this reaches the top of the the EPSON the to the Scan. Checking and R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 STATW.FM Sign-off: EPSON NT. the EPSON Scan appears the Click this to the EPSON From the information about the which to the Scan. You and or selected EPSON EPSON displays information the of Scan. using EPSON to its README To this to and EPSON Scan then EPSON Scan Accessing EPSON There to EPSON Double-click the printer-shaped shortcut the To shortcut to the Checking and
A5 STATW.FM Sign-off: the the then EPSON EPSON the following appears. information EPSON EPSON the following information: Current EPSON with information, graphic and If the or the to appears the EPSON Clicking to displays instructions and the head to the EPSON graphic of the amount of Checking and R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 STATW.FM Sign-off: Checking and
A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: Chapter the Software Software Introduction to the the the the Custom the Advanced the the to the or four the Printout. the EPSON Check. Head Cleaning R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: Software Introduction The software which with Scan includes and The choose from of to the from Scan. The the functions of Scan, and them top information using the to information the the Software You information about the software clicking the of the boxes. to You the the following boxes. the of or the the of (click the the Background the Background located the the and then the the Software
A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: from to the and that the specify when that and to that the with each and when that reopened the The the to four of the as below. This the and to the PhotoEnhance This choose from of image-correction specially the Custom This choose from of or to the of to Custom selected, the Advanced allowing to the Advanced the Custom Advanced This the Advanced where to From the Advanced to the Custom the Advanced to that quality, aspects of the the and the boxes. information options, the information the R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: the The what other should this first. the the that matches the the Scan. To what type the below, and to the type which (shown there to choose from. the Software
A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: EPSON (A4) S041214 EPSON (A4) S041059 S041025 EPSON S041060 S041028 EPSON Iron-On Cool (A4) S041154 EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153 S041155 Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041061 S041026 EPSON Quality S041062 S041029 EPSON Quality S041067 S041048 EPSON Quality Cards (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality Cards S041121 EPSON Quality Cards S041122 EPSON Quality (A4) S041106 EPSON Cards A6 (with S041147 EPSON Cards (with S041148 EPSON Cards (with S041149 R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: EPSON (A4) S041140 EPSON S041141 EPSON S041134 EPSON S041255 EPSON S041254 EPSON S041145 EPSON Cards (A4) S041177 Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041071 EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON Quality (A6) S041107 EPSON (A6) S041144 EPSON (A6) S041176 EPSON (A4) S041063 EPSON S041064 Paper-Heavyweight EPSON Paper-Heavyweight (A4) S041256 S041258 S041259 EPSON Paper-Heavyweight S041257 The of location. the Software
A5 SOFTM.FM leadername Sign-off: the selected as the the the of based the and To the to or Black to black-and-white or To the the the choose the (while selected), appears to the right of the options that choose Quality or Quality when than the The of image-correction that apply to PhotoEnhance This when R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: with PhotoEnhance selected increase the and the amount of You from the following This correction this first. People This of people. Nature This such as and Soft This as they with soft-focus This tone to If with the Correction to the smooth, appearance of photographs with the Custom The Custom offers such as charts, and and applying color-matching You and the Advanced You from the following Text/Graph This such as and charts. This of text ColorSync This to match the Software
A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: Follow these to the and the the Select the Custom the This the Custom located to the right of the Custom From the Custom the the type of or choose Custom other such as Quality, and automatically. to these reflected the the of the the Advanced The the Advanced these to with ideas, or to of to Once with them and them to the Custom the Advanced Follow the below to the the Advanced R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: Click the Custom the then the Advanced The Advanced appears. Select the that the EPSON Scan. the Choose or Black as the Select the Quality other as necessary. the Quality, and Click OK to apply and to the Click to to the without applying To Advanced the section. the Software
A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: and To Advanced the Advanced The Custom appears. to characters) the then Advanced to the Custom You to You apply the of EPSON to You the from the Custom To the the Custom and To the Custom the then the Custom located to the right of the Custom If the or when of selected the Custom the selection shown the to Custom The that selected affected the To to the R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: the the the specify the reduce or and the Choose the of The appears. You the following the Select the to If to Select or to the of If to to the of the the or Specify ratio from to to reduce or the of Printable the to increase the the Software selected, the the of the this to Also, the the curled. Select the to from the of the
A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: If the included the the follow the below to the The following appears. To New The to allow to the the the New the as or the and the height of Click OK to to the R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: You to The appear the the To the to the Custom the to from the and the You the of the located the shown below. To this the of and the the The appears. The allows to match the to the or four of to cover sheets, or the which the of to the Software
A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: to the You proportionally or reduce the of the to the the To this, the to then the the Scan the or four To or four of of the the then You the following Prints or four of of Allows to the which the the of Prints around each the of R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: to cover or of To the the then You the following covers the to cover. You or Slightly the that they precisely. Cutting Prints the to when the If only to of the without the Selection then the to and then OK the that printed. the Software
A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: To the background of or the the Select the to from the then specify its and intensity. You the and of the with the the You text-based or image-based to the Follow these Click the the The following appears. R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: To as the PICT The Custom allows to PICT as If QuickTime or higher installed, other as QuickTime them to PICT displayed QuickTime graphics that converted. Select the then To text-based the Text the text the Text and text then OK the Software
A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: The or the text appears the the To the of the then type text selected the the and the and text clicking the Text button. Click OK to to the the the You specify the that the Scan to Follow these Click the Background the The Background appears. R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: Select On as the Background option, necessary. Select Normal or as the If the the and boxes to specify the and to the the and Scan turned the and specify. Click OK The Background the as them, then You or the of the EPSON EPSON Printout The allows to actually Follow these to Click the the The the to switch the Preview, and Click the to the information the the Software
A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: Click the The appears and displays of The buttons to the following R4C428_V2 Selection This select, and This the or reduces the of the Margin Non- This displays or which the This the Editing This allows to to the and to of the These buttons or the to from the the of the the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: If with the If with the appearance of the The and boxes and the the to to the You the the This the using the double-clicking the Follow the below to the Click the the repeatedly the the button. Click The following appears. Select the location where to the then type the and the Software
A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: to the the to EPSON Click the to the to the Scan. the EPSON allow to the Scans and from To the the the or then the the to the Head or Head while otherwise, R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: EPSON The the of the Scans functions If inform with You this to To the the EPSON the the EPSON The the head the and cleaning to that the head cleaned. If the the head cleaning, the Head Cleaning directly from the Checking the Head Head Cleaning This cleans the head. You to the head when the first to that the head to cleaned. Cleaning the Head Head This the head. this of or the Software
A5 SOFTM.FM Sign-off: Clicking this the where the the when the Scans R4C428_V2 the Software
R4C428_V2 A5 SOFTM.FM leadername Sign-off: the Software
A5 STATM.FM Sign-off: Chapter Checking and the the EPSON Accessing EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON with EPSON the of Checking and the R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 STATM.FM Sign-off: the EPSON EPSON the EPSON Scan's If informs with You this to EPSON displays the amount of the To the information, the button. Accessing EPSON To the follow the below. Click or the of Click the the Checking and the
A5 STATM.FM Sign-off: Click the EPSON the The following appears. If to the the the Scans follow the below. Click or the of Click the the Checking and the R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 STATM.FM Sign-off: Click the button. The appears. This allow to the following Choose EPSON of Warning Choose EPSON becomes necessary. Temporary Choose the temporary of Temporary High Choose the to the Select this to to to the Select this to to the Checking and the Select this to this the the to the Scan.
A5 STATM.FM Sign-off: EPSON to the EPSON Scan, the EPSON to or the of the that This shows the of the currently printed. The of from using Background which turned to EPSON This of the Background the the Scan to this Accessing EPSON To EPSON follow these Background the Chooser or the Background to the Scan. EPSON from the Application the right of the This to the below. Checking and the R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 STATM.FM Sign-off: You EPSON double-clicking the EPSON the with EPSON With EPSON as follows: the buttons below to and selected the the then the Click Stop to Click to these buttons to the Double-click the to (this function when the ESC/P Double-click to the of to Checking and the and the the and the from the head the Head Cleaning cleaning the EPSON which displays the amount of
A5 STATM.FM Sign-off: Click the arrow to the of the EPSON to the below. The displays information selected the of To the of follow the below. You the of whose the Background Checking and the R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 STATM.FM Sign-off: Click the arrow the of the EPSON The as shown below. Click the of the whose to the From the Priority Normal or If appears where specify the and that the that Scan and turned the specify. Checking and the
A5 SCAN.FM Sign-off: Scanning Loading the Loading Loading thin or Scanning EPSON SMART PANEL Scanning from software using EPSON TWAIN R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 SCAN.FM Sign-off: Loading the Follow the this section to the of Scan. If scanning or thin Loading thin or Loading Follow the below to the the that them slightly than the of the the to and the top of the the to the top of the the first. If the too to the this the scanning, the the software.
A5 SCAN.FM Sign-off: If or thin, protection sheet Loading thin or the that they match the of the the top of the the The the the Scan Release the You ready to the using software. Scanning Loading thin or photo or other that thin or the protection with Scan as below. Then the sheet the The protection To the protection back the top of the R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 SCAN.FM Sign-off: the layers. the top of the with the closed top of the protection to that the straight. the protection following the Loading
A5 SCAN.FM Sign-off: Scanning EPSON SMART PANEL You and and easily using EPSON SMART PANEL. the EPSON Scan EPSON SMART PANEL as To the first the SMART PANEL With computers, EPSON SMART PANEL from the Apple SMART PANEL shows the R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 SCAN.FM Sign-off: There with EPSON SMART PANEL: Scan and Scan Scan to the when such as and This SMART PANEL including Scan to Application, and Scan Creativity. The other Scan character (OCR) software. EPSON SMART PANEL this section. to EPSON SMART PANEL (Macintosh) and allow to or You or of the and easily this
A5 SCAN.FM Sign-off: FAX and with This and and easily. You or to this R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 SCAN.FM Sign-off: Copy Copy EPSON Scan Its interface its functions and than OCR The OCR text and as text or directly to
A5 SCAN.FM Sign-off: directly Scan to Application Scan to Application and the to specified further editing. R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 SCAN.FM Sign-off: Scan Creativity Scan Creativity the and the to This Scanning from software EPSON TWAIN You directly from that with TWAIN EPSON Scan SF TWAIN. To whether to that Accessing EPSON TWAIN The to EPSON TWAIN the The below Click Select TWAIN_32 Source the and then EPSON Scan SF
A5 SCAN.FM leadername Sign-off: Normally, to this the first the Scan with Click TWAIN_32 the to EPSON Scan SF TWAIN. EPSON TWAIN EPSON Scan SF TWAIN, should of the type of scanned. This when OCR, and art. This when photographs. Follow these to EPSON Scan SF TWAIN software. the EPSON Scan SF TWAIN software. Click the or the type of to R4C428_V2 OCR
R4C428_V2 A5 SCAN.FM Sign-off: Specify Quality, and as necessary. to the section below or Click the to of the displayed, allowing to specify the of the that to finished the Scan to the EPSON TWAIN This section the EPSON Scan SF TWAIN the which and Quality This and the highest This high-speed the This the Specify and from the This the of the Select the of the to scanned. the within the selected scanned.
A5 SCAN.FM leadername Sign-off: AAS This text from photographs that and text The AAS shown the TET (Text This the background from the and the It OCR Character scanning. The TET shown the Threshold This whether as or white when black-and-white Select threshold (lightest) and This whether the or Select the or Scan This Click to the the the and automatically. This the the the Click to the This the around the the The white surrounding the and If than to the around the then to the precisely. R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 SCAN.FM Sign-off: the From the EPSON TWAIN interface, the to the where the following and Select the and to the and the when or EPSON Scan SF TWAIN. the to EPSON Scan SF TWAIN. ICM, the ICM or the to the ICM with If operation the ColorSync (Macintosh) Select the ColorSync to the using the ColorSync
A5 COPY.FM Sign-off: Chapter Copying Loading the the EPSON SMART PANEL Copy Accessing the Copy the Copy Scans the the the Copying the R4C428_V2 Copying
R4C428_V2 A5 COPY.FM Sign-off: Loading the Follow the below to copying. the that them slightly than the of the the to and the top of the the If or thin, the protection Loading thin or the that they match the of the the top of the the The the the Scan Release the You ready to the EPSON Scan or the Copy included EPSON SMART PANEL. To the from the without the from the copying. from the Copying stop/clear
A5 COPY.FM leadername Sign-off: the EPSON SMART PANEL Copy Copy included with EPSON SMART PANEL. You the EPSON Scan Software and EPSON SMART PANEL to the Accessing the Copy Follow these to the Copy Click to then EPSON SMART PANEL Click the Apple then EPSON SMART PANEL EPSON SMART PANEL Click the to the Copy The Copy appears. R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 COPY.FM Sign-off: the Copy You the Copy Reduce/Enlarge Quality stop/clear buttons More to the below information. Click the to advanced and the to copying. Click Stop/clear Click to copying already Copy Click to Click to the or the More Click to Copying
A5 COPY.FM Sign-off: and The and located the top of the Copy Select the type of that matches the which the Select the that matches the which the Select the type that matches the that copying. The as follows: Text Select this only. Select this copying from photograph. Text and Select this includes both text and Click this to where R4C428_V2 Copying
R4C428_V2 A5 COPY.FM Sign-off: other Reduce/Enlarge Reduce/Enlarge of the following to the of the Select to that the as Select to to the to match the of Select Other then the or to the to Click the to where the Quality Click this to specify the Normal: lower, higher. high lower. Copying displays
A5 COPY.FM Sign-off: B&W/Color Click this to the black-and-white and these to the of to Press the to increase the or the to reduce Scans Follow the instructions this section to directly the EPSON Scan. from the selecting the ratio and the EPSON using the when copying photographs and the Press the as as to or reduction The lights the ratio the each the The lights to both the ratio and the Press the and the reduce/enlarge light The light of the currently selected ratio the the lights to the currently selected R4C428_V2 Copying
R4C428_V2 A5 COPY.FM Sign-off: You choose from the following or reduce/enlarge light the Press the as as to the The each the the lights the Copying
A5 COPY.FM Sign-off: The as follows. The lights to both the ratio and the Press the and the light The light of the currently selected ratio the the lights to the currently selected the The Scan both A4 and To which the Scan currently to that the or the lights the Once know what the selection, the accordingly. Checking the Scan off and the While holding the then release both buttons. The Scan which includes the ROM Scan and the copying. R4C428_V2 black-and-white this when copying black-and- white or B&W that white. this when copying the Copying
R4C428_V2 A5 COPY.FM Sign-off: Checking using the lights the clear the Scan off. While holding the the Then release both buttons and the lights the If the and A4 the copying. If the and lights the copying. the copying which currently selected, the stop/clear to switch the Copying the to Once of the the The the then and back the At the the EPSON Scan of from the the the and the the copying thin that both of the the of the appear the To this, selecting the Copying or
A5 INK.FM Sign-off: Chapter Cartridges Empty Cartridges the or Cartridge R4C428_V2 Cartridges
R4C428_V2 A5 INK.FM Sign-off: Empty Cartridges the The Scans lights inform when to and when to If to when the lights off, or Cartridge This the of the lights Scan and the actions to Lights Action (S020189). o the (S020191). o the o flashing EPSON recommends the of EPSON Other products EPSON to Scan covered warranties. the the Scan obtained the head Cartridges and
A5 INK.FM Sign-off: You with empty, the other the to the the head cleaning operation and the self-cleaning which when the Scan turned To the EPSON Scans follow the below. light should flashing. the Scan The the the front of the EPSON Scan, then the front cover. cleaning three seconds, then release The head to the the and the the light flashing. R4C428_V2 Cartridges
R4C428_V2 A5 INK.FM Sign-off: the head hand, as this the back the release and the that the to as as The partly of the the of the Scan and of properly. the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with Once the the becomes and Cartridges
A5 INK.FM leadername Sign-off: from its Then the from the You the from the The permanently with the attached. the the with the the facing Then the and the R4C428_V2 (S020191) the of the from the top of the otherwise, the head become and to the from the of the otherwise, Cartridges
R4C428_V2 A5 INK.FM Sign-off: Once the their the the become If to the as Press and release the cleaning quickly. The head to the to lights off, then and release the the cleaning quickly. The Scan the head and charging the This about to the charging finished, the Scan the head to its and the light flashing. If the finished, the Scan the of the once the replaced. The light to while the Scan the charging operation. turn off the Scan while this light flashing. Doing charging of the front cover. To the Scans follow the below. Cartridges and
A5 INK.FM Sign-off: light should flashing. the Scan The the the front of the EPSON Scan, then the front cover. cleaning three seconds, then release The head to the the The the light flashing. the head hand, as this the R4C428_V2 Cartridges
R4C428_V2 A5 INK.FM leadername Sign-off: back the release and the that the to as as The partly of the the of the Scan and of properly. the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with Once the the becomes and from its protective Then the from the Cartridges (S020189)
A5 INK.FM Sign-off: You the from the The permanently with the attached. the the with the the facing Then the and the Once the their the the become R4C428_V2 the of the from the top of the otherwise, the head become and to the from the of the otherwise, Cartridges
R4C428_V2 A5 INK.FM leadername Sign-off: lights off, then the the cleaning and release The Scan the head and charging the This about to the charging finished, the Scan the head to its and the light flashing If the finished, the Scan the of the once the replaced. The light to while the Scan the charging operation. off the Scan while this light flashing. Doing charging of the front cover. You the from and on-screen instructions or Cartridges and
A5 INK.FM Sign-off: or and ready to the To the The head to the Follow the on-screen instructions to the or Cartridge to empty. the of and repeatedly cleaning and the head, or both of the or and should replaced. light flashes, follow the this section. To the or light flashing or the as Cartridges If the Once becomes and the the EPSON Scan ready to it with light should flashing. the Scan The the then the front cover. R4C428_V2 Cartridges or
R4C428_V2 A5 INK.FM Sign-off: three seconds; the head to the The the light flashing. If to the and release the to the head to the Cartridges
A5 INK.FM Sign-off: the Then the of the Scan and of it properly. the from the R4C428_V2 (S020191) Cartridges
R4C428_V2 A5 INK.FM Sign-off: the the the Then the and Once the their the the become The head to the the Press the If to the the and release The head to the and charging Cartridges
A5 INK.FM Sign-off: the Then the of the Scan and of properly. the from the R4C428_V2 Cartridges
R4C428_V2 A5 INK.FM Sign-off: the the the Then the and The Scan the head back to its and charges the Press and release the The light to while the Scan the charging operation. off the Scan while the light flashing. Doing charging of the front cover. Cartridges
A5 MAINT.FM Sign-off: Chapter Checking the Head the the buttons Cleaning the Head the Head Cleaning the buttons the Head Cleaning the EPSON Scan the EPSON Scan R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 MAINT.FM Sign-off: Checking the Head If that and unexpectedly or that there the to the the head You the head from the or the Scans the Follow the below to the the while otherwise, users A4 or the Access the software. If instructions, Accessing the software Click the the software, then the button. Follow the on-screen instructions. users A4 or the Access the or Click the the or then the
A5 MAINT.FM leadername Sign-off: Follow the on-screen instructions. the buttons Follow the below to the head the buttons. that A4 or the once to off. If the EPSON Scan the to the Scan. Then release both buttons. the R4C428_V2 and the
R4C428_V2 A5 MAINT.FM Sign-off: The Scan operation including its ROM information, the counter and head to cleaned The and white, the (CMYK). If the satisfactorily of the there with the Scans function. This or head. the section cleaning the head. information the head, the Head
A5 MAINT.FM Sign-off: Cleaning the Head If that and unexpectedly or that there the to the cleaning the head. Cleaning the head that the the properly. You the head from using the Head Cleaning the software, or from the Scan the buttons. head cleaning both and To wasting the head the first to that the head to cleaned. This light flashing or the head. the first. the the Head Cleaning or while otherwise, the Head Cleaning Follow the below to the Head Cleaning that the Scan and both the lights off. If the light flashing, the head. the first. R4C428_V2 or or and
R4C428_V2 A5 MAINT.FM Sign-off: Access the software. If instructions, Accessing the software Click the the software, then the Head Cleaning Follow the on-screen instructions. light flashes while the EPSON Scan the cleaning The about to The off the EPSON Scan while the light flashing. Doing the Scan. light the Head Cleaning to that the head and to the cleaning the
A5 MAINT.FM Sign-off: head to cleaned The and white, the (CMYK) the that from the to the head cleaning and the If repeating this four or the Scan off and off overnight. Then the head cleaning If the or both of or and to replaced. To empty, or Cartridge If the R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 MAINT.FM Sign-off: To quality, turning the EPSON Scan least month. and that the EPSON Scan and the lights off. Click the the or then the Head Cleaning Follow the on-screen instructions. The light flashes while the Scan the cleaning The about to off the Scan while the light flashing. Doing the Scan. light flashing, the Confirmation the Head Cleaning to and to the cleaning the to that the head clean. the If repeating this four or the Scan off and overnight. Then try the head cleaning If the or both of or and to replaced. To empty, or Cartridge If the
A5 MAINT.FM Sign-off: To EPSON turning the Scan least month. the Follow the below to the head the buttons. and that the cleaning three seconds, then release the The EPSON Scan cleaning the head and the light flashing. head cleaning about to off the Scan while the R4C428_V2 light and that both the lights off. light flashing. Doing the
R4C428_V2 A5 MAINT.FM Sign-off: If the or cleaning the If to this and release the cleaning to the head to its light flashing, from to that the head and to the cleaning the If repeating this four or the Scan off and overnight. Then cleaning the head If the or both of or and to replaced. To empty, or Cartridge If the To EPSON recommends turning the Scan least month. the Head If of to this from using the Head the Head while otherwise, light flashing or the
A5 MAINT.FM Sign-off: A4 or the Access the software. If instructions, Accessing the software Click the the software, then the Head Follow the to the head. users A4 or the the or Click the the or then the Head Follow the to the head. Screen EPSON Scan Software, the EPSON Screen This to the tone and of the closely match the to information and the You to when first the software, and anytime switch to R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 MAINT.FM Sign-off: Follow the below to Double-click the EPSON Scan SF the The EPSON Scan SF appears. Click the The Screen appears. the the of the match. Click OK to and The perfectly; however, to the tones match as closely as The information the as as the
A5 MAINT.FM Sign-off: Click the EPSON the EPSON The following appears. the the of the match. Click OK to and The perfectly; however, to the tones match as closely as The information the as as the Cleaning the EPSON Scan To Scan operating its clean thoroughly as follows. the Scan turned off and of its lights off. Then the cord. from the to and from the and R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 MAINT.FM Sign-off: If the outer or the of the dirty, with clean cloth with the front and the top cover closed to from If the dirty, the top cover. Then the with clean and cloth, or with blower If the of the Scan with the with cloth. or thinners to clean the Scan; these chemicals the as as the to from the and and or the of the Scan with the or service Transporting the EPSON Scan If to EPSON Scan, as below the and the front cover and that the head the right) If the Scan and the head to the Then off the Scan and the front cover.
A5 MAINT.FM Sign-off: the Removing the the Scan and the that the top and front covers closed. the from the then the interface from the Scan. the from the and the the and then the the front cover the to the of the Scan with as shown below. Then the cover. the protective to both of the Scan. the Scan and the the Scan R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 MAINT.FM Sign-off:
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting the operation and Copying and The Scan or correctly Printout what expected appears the top of the when using the Scanning properly Something or incorrect the Scanned or from the Scan properly Scanning Where to R4C428_V2 Troubleshooting
R4C428_V2 A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: the Troubleshooting easy first the then apply the fixed. The information that to the the Scans lights and the the information this chapter to the of then apply the recommended the You the lights the Scans If the EPSON Scan and the lights or flashing, the following of light to the then follow the recommended corrective Lights and o Troubleshooting the the then the button. The Scan or copying. path) The Scan should the and If the front cover and the Then the and the the Press the path. to or copying.
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: path) o o o o o o off, R4C428_V2 the path. The nearly empty. The the empty. with Empty The nearly empty. The the empty. with Empty Cartridges The head or other and to the Unknown unknown Turn off the Scan and occurred. flashing Turn off the Scan and applications. the Scans top cover and the Then the top cover and the Scan. to off the the front cover and from the hand. Then the back If the clear, Press the Troubleshooting
R4C428_V2 A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: The and graphic showing the of the Scan. If while appears the the the To the or and EPSON through the Performing whether the from the EPSON Scan or To operation follow these both the Scan and the turned off. the from the Scans interface Troubleshooting
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: If the interface, the both of the interface and the ground necessary. Then the from the Scans interface that A4 or the to the Scan. Then release both buttons. the The Scan operation that includes the Scan's ROM the counter and R4C428_V2 and the Troubleshooting
R4C428_V2 A5 TRBLE.FM leadername Sign-off: the of the with the shown below. If there such as or the the EPSON Scan right and the the software the interface to shielded or the The and white, the (CMYK). If the satisfactorily as shown below, there with the EPSON Scan. of the there or head. The and white, the and Copying to the section to and copying Troubleshooting
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: and If the offered this section. or of these the of the the the Head Cleaning to clear Select the as the or the the lights. If light flashing, the Empty that rather than selected as the Printable selected, the expanded or or of these the of the the the Head Turn off the High instructions, the Advanced or the Advanced R4C428_V2 and Troubleshooting
R4C428_V2 A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: the Head Cleaning to clear Incorrect or or of these the to instructions, the or the the software or instructions, the Advanced or the Advanced Macintosh. the Head Cleaning If incorrect or the If the the or Cartridge or of these dirty, or too Also, the of the the the Head Cleaning to clear lights. If of the lights flashing, the Empty Cartridges Check the the software or instructions, the Advanced or the Advanced Macintosh. Troubleshooting and
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: as the or the Blurry or smeared or of these and the facing Also, type. B-2 specifications. Select as the or the the to the and the selected the the type of the If the the it or slightly the each from the as printed, using If or (or of beneath the the Head Cleaning the Head R4C428_V2 Troubleshooting
R4C428_V2 A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: the EPSON Scan. the of the Scan with clean cloth. The Scan or If of the following indications displayed, the listed. lights off Lights and then the light flashing or The One of the lights flashing or lights flashing. lights off or of these and the EPSON Scan Press the Turn off the Scan and the securely Troubleshooting light
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: and switch or Lights and then The Scans match the outlet Turn off the Scan and immediately. Then the the Scan to the If the match, DO NOT PLUG THE EPSON STYLUS SCAN BACK IN. the light or of these Turn off the Scan and the the interface securely both there the Scan. Turn off the Scan and the and the interface Then If the the Scan software and software correctly. If trying to enough memory to Clear from the If the Scan sounds trying to to, the Head Cleaning R4C428_V2 Troubleshooting
R4C428_V2 A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: If this the and instructions. lights flashing or If the light flashing, that the Scan. If the light the One of the lights flashing or If the or light flashing, If the or light the Empty Cartridges lights flashing Follow these from the Scan. Turn the Scan off. and or of from the Also, that there around the to allow the then the back If the cleared, correctly If of the following occurred, the that Troubleshooting
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: feed The or that the the arrow the the of and that: The isnt or creased. The isnt too the instructions that with the information. The isnt the arrow the isnt If the Then follow instructions that with Loading and Other feed the of and the too thin. B-2 specifications. the of the to the sheets, then the If too of printed, the both the and instructions, the or the R4C428_V2 Troubleshooting
R4C428_V2 A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: The to the If the clear, turn the Scan off and the from the Then the front cover and the including torn Then the Scan and the Press the If of the following: The of high-quality, with the The The isnt the arrow the The to or the or If the the If the when or too thin. its B-2 specifications. selecting as the or (Macintosh). Printout what expected If of the following occurred, try the the Characters incorrect or Troubleshooting
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: Margins incorrect inverted of smeared too Characters incorrect or or of these If EPSON Scan as the Clear from the instructions, the EPSON Turn off the Scan and the the Scans interface securely Margins incorrect or of these the software. the within the of the B-2 specifications. the the the the the the the the R4C428_V2 Troubleshooting
R4C428_V2 A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: inverted Turn off the the or the software. instructions, the the or the Advanced or of these If using the EPSON Scan as the the the they the the the they the the Head Cleaning to clear trying or of these operation to whether the corrected. operation too or of these the correct. instructions, the or the Macintosh. Troubleshooting
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: Select as the or the (Macintosh) and then the to instructions, the or the the to enough memory. further Increasing the If from to the EPSON Scan then the instructions and the appears the top of the when using the the to A4. the instructions the Scanning to the section to properly the below each R4C428_V2 Troubleshooting
R4C428_V2 A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: Scanning or of these Nothing when try to If the You or the Scan the The Scan to when the The Turn off the Scan and from the Scan, then the Scan back The that the to the Something or incorrect the the the following correction Text or incorrectly OCR the threshold the OCR the EPSON Scan SF TWAIN Select the threshold and the to the threshold. Troubleshooting
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: appear If with of graphics or artwork, the text properly the OCR software. of the characters the to text.when the The incorrectly of the following protection If the protection dirty, or to Also, the or thick, the Scan the Quality Select as the Quality EPSON The crooked of the following Quality Select as the Quality EPSON the The correctly. that the the scanning. of the using protection If already protection or as straight as the protection and that the straight the R4C428_V2 Troubleshooting
R4C428_V2 A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: Scanned the the following Scanned when If photograph, selected Photo! when EPSON TWAIN. the Quality and EPSON TWAIN. Scanned or photographs too or If photograph, selected when using EPSON TWAIN. from the or of the following Clean the Correcting or to the causing white through the cleaning the Cleaning the EPSON Scan protective If the protective or worn, with If too thin they If the thicker the If than and scanning. the and Troubleshooting
A5 TRBLE.FM leadername Sign-off: Scanned of than the that the Scan EPSON SMART PANEL match the scanning. To the when scanning, the Scan properly. or from the Scan properly Follow the outlined below to when feeding and ejecting from the the Scans These apply to the Scans The when scanning. Preventing the Scan enough from and that the seated properly and that there the to the of the that the correctly and that the freely and off Clearing Turn off Scan. the top and the If turn them off turning off the Scan. Scanning The to the of to that ECP This to the of R4C428_V2 Troubleshooting
R4C428_V2 A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: the lowest while higher increase the of significantly and to the Where to If EPSON Scan operating properly and the using the troubleshooting information the EPSON Scan services Customer to them the following information. of EPSON Scan (The the back of the EPSON Scan.) EPSON Scan Brand and of EPSON Scan software (Click About The Software application(s) normally with EPSON Scan, and their number(s) United and the of Ireland If purchased EPSON Scan the UK or the of Ireland, EPSON (UK) of services and technical Troubleshooting
A5 TRBLE.FM leadername Sign-off: World If to the and browser, information the EPSON products, software and to EPSON EPSON Service information including troubleshooting switch and information. To EPSON, the UK or from the of Ireland touch-tone You to follow to Once and numbers, EPSON of the to found the that the EPSON and the ID numbers. The to automatically. Service and You the EPSON Service the UK or from the of Ireland. membership that software to ANSI and of to Downloading include and the that with software and information. first to the Service, phone and (which yourself). R4C428_V2 Troubleshooting
R4C428_V2 A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: Customer and Warranty Customer and Warranty teams the UK or from the of Ireland. They the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty of EPSON Customer and Warranty services the technical section of World and EPSON service, Pre The the UK or from the of Ireland, the UK or from the of Ireland, and They the following information: Pre information and EPSON products Where to purchase EPSON and options Australian EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as the the following information: Troubleshooting
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: EPSON FAXBACK EPSON FAXBACK the specifications and EPSON products offered There technical information including of the software and and the through of choices the information to EPSON This where the software and the BBS to the If phone URL Access the EPSON World Worth the You the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON Dont that often and The should the first They often and easily as as the to EPSON EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of R4C428_V2 Troubleshooting
R4C428_V2 A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: The to the information when The information the the This information includes the EPSON type of operating and other information required. the telephone and below: To technical as as other services, users to EPSON Limited. EPSON established both Chinese and English the to users with the following information: Product information to of EPSON World Troubleshooting
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: board board (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: BBS: Technical You technical the following and numbers: To technical as as other services, users to the EPSON Office the telephone and below: BBS: R4C428_V2 Troubleshooting
R4C428_V2 A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: Troubleshooting
A5 OPTN.FM Sign-off: Chapter and Products products R4C428_V2 and Products
R4C428_V2 A5 OPTN.FM Sign-off: The following interface and interface EPSON Scan. Interface EPSON of interface You interface that the following specifications. Interface (shielded) C83602 from D-SUB to Amphenol USB Interface (shielded) C83623 from to (This locations) The the of the which location. only interface which the other covered EPSON the Scan to malfunction. The following and EPSON EPSON Scan. and Products
A5 OPTN.FM Sign-off: You the following with Scan. Black S020189 S020191 The of location. EPSON EPSON offers specifically to high-quality EPSON (A4) S041059 S041025 EPSON S041060 S041028 EPSON (A4) S041214 EPSON Quality (A4) S041061 S041026 EPSON Quality S041062 S041029 EPSON Quality S041067 S041048 EPSON Quality Cards (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality Cards S041121 EPSON Quality Cards S041122 EPSON Quality (A4) S041106 EPSON Cards A6 S041147 (with EPSON Cards S041148 (with EPSON Cards S041149 (with EPSON Quality (A4) S041071 R4C428_V2 and Products
R4C428_V2 A5 OPTN.FM Sign-off: EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON Quality (A6) S041107 EPSON (A4) S041063 EPSON S041064 EPSON (A4) S041140 EPSON S041141 EPSON S041134 EPSON S041255 EPSON S041254 EPSON Cards (A4) S041177 EPSON (A6) S041144 EPSON (A6) S041176 EPSON S041145 EPSON Iron-On Cool (A4) S041154 EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153 S041155 EPSON Paper-Heavyweight (A4) S041256 S041258 S041259 EPSON Paper-Heavyweight S041257 The of location. and Products
A5 COLOR.FM Sign-off: of .A-2 and .A-5 .A-7 R4C428_V2 A-1
R4C428_V2 A5 COLOR.FM Sign-off: of This section the of the relationships and to to the of of of three and brightness. The of the such as red, or The that the relationship the The of the This the amount of to the Brightness The relative or of the The these the The and the to the of the and Scan of It the (C), (M), (Y), and (K) to that think of This type of that of light and others, subtractive. A-2
A5 COLOR.FM Sign-off: theory, and should actually they and with to (K). cathode-ray (CRT) phosphors the with (A phosphor that off light when irradiated.) Each three phosphors: (R), (G), and (B). Since the Scan and differently, and the of the and Scan the the exactly match of the If to or the to closely match the on-screen to with the software from of software and to match and Scan. software information The of that displayed: R4C428_V2 A-3
R4C428_V2 A5 COLOR.FM Sign-off: to match the CMYK, the of of of using CMYK as the section. to of the three they halftoning to of or the of This shown the below. Dithering and the commonly A-4
A5 COLOR.FM Sign-off: Dithering Dithering of to the appearance of This that of such as charts and with the of the surrounding to the appearance of the and gradation. This that graphics or photographic and The of affects the of Generally, the higher the the the quality. that the higher the the the and Generally, the to the as shown below. The the the the Conversely, the the the higher the function that this relationship. R4C428_V2 A-5
R4C428_V2 A5 COLOR.FM Sign-off: A-6
A5 COLOR.FM Sign-off: Since increasing the the that or tone when with created with software. To and tone the and the of the graphics To to its readers, the who, what, when, where, why, and of R4C428_V2 A-7
R4C428_V2 A5 COLOR.FM leadername Sign-off: WHO and WHAT to information, opinions, or to or people and to Therefore, first to think about who to customer, co-worker, or other Also, should what to or or other with of bright, might to accounting firm, WHEN to While to when the of and when the serious business without that white and offer to and white, while of from WHERE If or the of the clarity and readability of consistently and strategically, the of black-and-white text reading. too or that they overpower text or graphics. A-8
A5 COLOR.FM Sign-off: too It to than black-on-white or white-on-black WHY and clarity, and appear to as and graphics to and of that influences the overhead of territory and the with charts and HOW to using throughout the Follow the below to appealing and effective. R4C428_V2 A-9
R4C428_V2 A5 COLOR.FM leadername Sign-off: the to or brightness to to eye-catching. the the A-10 or
A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: Product Specifications .B-2 .B-2 .B-3 Printable .B-5 Mechanical .B-7 Cartridges. .B-7 Scanning .B-9 .B-9 .B-10 .B-11 .B-11 Interface Specifications .B-12 interface .B-12 USB interface .B-13 Optional USB .B-13 .B-14 .B-14 .B-15 R4C428_V2 Product Specifications B-1
R4C428_V2 A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: Bidirectional with ESC/P EPSON KB Since the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or B-2 Product Specifications yellow) [each
A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: sheets: A4 A5 B5 distributed EPSON Thickness to to inch) to DL C6 Thickness to to inch) to cards: A6 EPSON R4C428_V2 Product Specifications B-3
R4C428_V2 A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: A4 A6 distributed EPSON sheets: A4 distributed EPSON A4 distributed EPSON A6 with or distributed EPSON Paper-Heavyweight: A4 distributed EPSON reduce and or other If switch to higher of B-4 Product Specifications
A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: or to 25C to 77F) to RH EPSON Quality and should the following to 30C to 86F) Humidity to RH sheets (including and R4C428_V2 B-L B-R B-L B-R C C Product Specifications B-5
R4C428_V2 A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: A: The top sheets of EPSON Quality the top B-L: The B-R: The right as follows: sheets and C6 DL C: The You the to selecting as the the or the the expanded this to the first. first with the B-6 Product Specifications
A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: Mechanical Friction capacity About sheets Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) without the Cartridges Black (S020189) Black capacity* (A4, text Cartridge years from (within months 25C [77F]) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) -16C (3.2F) (W) (D) (H) R4C428_V2 Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) Product Specifications B-7
R4C428_V2 A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: and capacity* (A4, each Cartridge years from (within months of the 25C [77F]) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) -18C (-0.4F) (W) (D) (H) The capacity vary, often the head cleaning function and the Scan. thaws and hours C F). EPSON recommends the of EPSON only. Other products EPSON to Scan covered warranties. the the expired. B-8 Product Specifications
A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: Scanning type: (without ADF) Photoelectric CCD Effective (The reading specified from software.) Scanning to RGB CCD internal Brightness: threshold Text process: AAS Segmentation) correction: (A, B, C) Interface: USB IEEE1284.4 Light White cathode Reliability: hour to 132V to 264V R4C428_V2 120V 240V Product Specifications B-9
R4C428_V2 A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: Rated to to Rated (ISO10561 the the back of the EPSON Scan the information. Operation: to 35C to 95F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) hours 60C (140F) Operation: to RH to RH Without B-10 Product Specifications
A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: The to of the following This when the Scan initialized, the following actions Clears input/output C) Software The ESC the Scan. Scan initialized, the following actions Clears input/output This the INIT of interface. Scan initialized, the following actions Clears input/output U.S. UL with D3 CSA C22.2 EN60950 (VDE) R4C428_V2 Product Specifications B-11
R4C428_V2 A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: EMC: U.S. FCC EN (CISPR EN IEC IEC IEC EN EN Australian AS/NZS Interface Specifications Scan with interface and USB interface. interface The built-in interface the following characteristics. IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 ECP Synchronization the IEEE-1284 the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 Connector Amphenol or B-12 Product Specifications
A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 ECP Amphenol or Synchronization the IEEE-1284 the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 the IEEE-1284 USB interface The EPSON Scans built-in USB interface based the specified the Specifications Revision and the Class Definition This interface the following characteristics. Based Universal Specifications Revision Universal Class Definition Devices NRZI USB Recommended Optional USB The specifications below apply to the optional USB (C83623 R4C428_V2 Product Specifications B-13
R4C428_V2 A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: USB Connector USB Connector To EPSON Scan, Microsoft or CD-ROM and shielded, twisted- If to Scan to USB PC with USB and shielded USB should the following Recommended or higher MB RAM MB RAM or and MB MB or free and and VGA SVGA or these B-14 Product Specifications
A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: To the Scan to Apple computers, shielded USB Applicable with USB interface the following to the Scan USB only. Recommended or MB of memory MB of memory when background turned The included software the function from Limited or account. The amount of memory to the and of that To memory choose About This from the Apple and to the memory Unused (1,024K=1 MB). The memory These the of the the type of and the complexity of the to R4C428_V2 MB or of memory MB of memory when background turned Product Specifications B-15
R4C428_V2 A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: to these and memory MB of free to software. To amounting to about the of the to B-16 Product Specifications
A5 GLOSS.FM Sign-off: The following apply specifically to software that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and The that appear when graphics. This when the head MicroWeave or which the of information or brightness The or of The of the memory to of information consisting of characters inch of the of text characters, to as pitch. CMYK yellow, and These to the of matching of that displayed closely match of color-matching software ColorSync ColorSync software that to WYSIWIG (what what This software as them characters inch. R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 GLOSS.FM Sign-off: or that when the turned or initialized. dithering halftoning which Dithering with such as charts and halftoning DMA Direct Memory Access. that CPU and allows and peripheral and peripheral and another. inch. The the memory such as CD-ROM, or assigned to each easy software that instructions to peripheral to what to from and instructions to the to this which with to with the of the surrounding to the appearance of the and This that graphics or photographic ESC/P EPSON the of commands to It EPSON and software computers. This and clearer, that this increase the of family
A5 GLOSS.FM Sign-off: of of from to white. Grayscale to when with only. of or to of to to of or nearly of of halftones high which both This the to its of This every the or the the when of which each or precisely interface The the and the interface character or interface interface The that the and the The connected to the directly interface which printed, such as and memory The of the that to information information and to the operates. Information that to the from the memory temporary. RAM and ROM MicroWeave which to reduce the of and to R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 GLOSS.FM Sign-off: This with only of which the head through which the the head clogged. operation the operation of the operation the the ROM counter and interface interface interface through which transmitted The of which the It than the physical of the to software that commands the features of shortened to If connected to that to the while or they printed. RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the off. To to its turning the off and then back The of inch to ROM Memory. of memory that only and ROM its when turn off the RGB Red, and These phosphors irradiated the to the of
A5 GLOSS.FM Sign-off: The first which the the that This then to the directly or to the The software that that The software that allows to the Colors that of light and others. CMYK USB interface Universal interface. the to to peripheral (such as and to the through The of USB allows to interface WYSIWIG What-you-see-is-what-you-get. This to that exactly appears R4C428_V2
R4C428_V2 A5 GLOSS.FM Sign-off:
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA Phone: EPSON DEUTSCHLAND EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. Phone: EPSON IBERICA S.A. Phone: EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. February
One Product Reference EPSON (UK) LTD One Product Reference DICF43 1-F This of the Reference HTML CD with the Reference PMS327 1-F BK 1-F