rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information contained Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the US) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. based EPSON of Corporation. ActionLaser and SelecType and EPSON service of inc. and of Inc. and LocalTalk of Apple Computer, Inc. ITC ITC ITC Chancery, ITC of International Typeface Corporation and Century Schoolbook of Corporation. Helvetica Narrow and of Linotype AG and/or its related and Dutch of Bitstream Inc. Other and or of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright PS2 Copyright COMPUTER:applications, Inc., Copyright Rights Copyright Corporation,
Introduction the ActionLaser to ActionLaser The to the of Apple II NTX. includes of that include the following: Pitch Dutch ITC ITC Narrow, Century Century Schoolbook, Calligraphic ITC Chancery Italic, ITC and included to that what the matches the The of when the MicroGray which allows to the of to smoother graphic than with The consists of interface and of the PC and the Apple might include the interface board, which allows to the to or to About This This both and PC users. It the following to the and the interface boards. If these boards already this chapter. that the board to Macintosh. Introduction
Chapter the and to the software. Chapter information about connected to Apple Chapter information about Microsoft PC. A, to SelecType, the SelecType expanded to include to the should normally to this Where to U.S. and America and service through nationwide of authorized EPSON and Service EPSON the services below through EPSON U.S. users users GO-EPSON. Introduction Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Service Technical with the installation, and of EPSON products EPSON technical information service Product with technical and products Customer Relations.
You purchase and EPSON (U.S. only). GO-EPSON locations. technical ready to and its and to the If with software the that with that technical information and Memory To and or and least 2MB of RAM. If PC or The 2MB of memory that with the that or of or graphics, to memory information. and with that or earlier the Introduction
Chapter Removing the board the and LocalTalk boards the board
the ActionLaser with interface boards: the and the interface board. PC to the board only. to both the and LocalTalk interface boards. If ActionLaser already with and this chapter. the board The and interface boards to the board. Therefore, first to the board. Turn off the and the from the optional and the Disconnect interface from the interface Turn the that its facing Warning: High the when the to the board the turned off and the Also, the the board of the electricity.
the screws the interface cover; then off the cover. the screws that them If already optional interface this the four screws that the the of the the screws that them
the the of the to the board, as shown below. the board with both and straight of its the board clean, Warning: touching the that the board. They the recently.
the and boards Unpack the and LocalTalk boards. the its CN1 and the CN3 the board. the the the CN3 as shown below. Follow these when the and LocalTalk boards: or sunlight or heat the turned off when or the boards; otherwise, the boards or the the If the become dirty, them the with or other
Press the board and using the screws. the LocalTalk interface board its the CN4 the board. The LocalTalk should through the the interface cover. Press the and with the screws provided. On the interface the white that covers the the LocalTalk If to the interface, to the board.
the If memory, the the board. instructions. the and its right the right the board Then its the the the If the smoothly the force and the properly the the the with the four screws
To to that properly installed: Turn the Press the to SelecType. Press the TEST MENU appears the Press the Item should PS STATUS SHEET the Press the The the showing the Press the On to the back the interface board with the screws the interface optional interface installed. interface the optional and these the turned off; then the
Chapter the and Software the the Selecting the the Selecting the Selecting the the and
Software This chapter to the and both the and PC the that to the To the and Macintosh, first to the Then the the Chooser. the The the both easy and The easy and that already Normally, should the easy this that and that the to the of the option. The the specify. You might to the and to only those that absolutely required. enough recommended that the easy To Macintosh: Turn already currently the and
(Installation) of the Double-click the the appears, OK to and the following the to which to shown. Choose the easy or installation. Click to the Fonts Screen the HD slightly To Switch the shown. To the easy installation, and to To installation, and to the and Switch
The to or of the following: Click and or as prompted. choose or the and or items. To items, the when the If item only, the item appears the of the If the the to (Screen If the already prompted to This allows to and that to You this to to This allows to and information, and directly to the of the optional. If the to when from the The match the and that what closely the If the other to the with the that might from what
the If the and to the easy to copied. If connecting or ActionLaser should or each the the Chapter Selecting the to the the Chooser. and connected. the Apple Chooser. This the Chooser If the to otherwise, to the and
the To first to You then the to based the selected Once installation, as the the and Click the The of appears the Select Click the of to You the background which allows to with other while information. If the to which connected. If connected to only this Click the the that appears, through the Selected PPD and EPSON AL-1600 Choose OK. You should the PPD the ActionLaser of the features. If choose another PPD, to of the functionality of the ActionLaser the Chooser.
Selecting If with installation, the Apple II NTX to and to the the the Apple II NTX the The the and the and software of the PC the choose from the This the the group, the Then the Choose the the of Apple II NTX and choose If prompted, the and choose OK. the displayed the choose the Choose Then the the and
the Command type A:INSTALL or B:INSTALL as Choose OK. to the of WIN.INI. Choose OK. Select AL-1600 as the to Follow the onscreen instructions that to Once the and copied, appears to Choose OK. This and the Selecting the the group, the Then the the the EPSON AL-1600 option. Choose the Choose Then the the and
Chapter the Selecting the as and ASCII the MicroGray Font to PPD Substituting Specifying which to the information about the the Additional
the the option, to the the SelecType If the LocalTalk interface, the compatibility. to this To manually Press the button. This the off and displays the PRINTING MENU, which the first of the Press the EMULATION MENU appears the Press the Item the interface to displayed. Press the arrow to of the following PS, PS&LJ4, PS&FX, PS&ESCP2, PS&GL2. Press the to the to memory. Press the On to the back assigned to the interface or interfaces selected It selected the the interface. You choose the LocalTalk (L/T), or interface. If the RESET TO SAVE, while the
Selecting You from the Font of software of the to the however, the from the of the that although the appearance of the the when choose the Calligraphic which closely, substituted. The following the which the than the Corresponding Font Helvetica Narrow Narrow Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Calligraphic Calligraphic Calligraphic Calligraphic
the The allows to as as to This chapter those to You normally to the The to, the first selecting or from the of software and then choosing the This the following The that allow to to the This chapter with ActionLaser If another the and this chapter
as and ASCII as the option of the as or ASCII the as to reduce the of ASCII to the To first to the Then choose the of the and the Encoding option. To the of the Precision option. This option from the Effects the and slightly to or however, and of to If Precision the first converted to of and then printed, the of the though reducing the the MicroGray The option of the allows to the the to The options and Multigray/Microgray. Normally should MicroGray the the to the as the
If when using sheet to the To choose the Font The of allow to the following: Normally to the of and other downloaded as Other assigned You should with Macintosh.. to choose the the This the following Specify that to the PPD. Choose which of to downloaded.
to PPD The Font both and PPD/Installed software The the currently The PPD those included the PPD of software These as when You to PPD selecting the and then choosing the The then displayed the PPD If and those from software should them to the PPD To from the PPD the PPD and choose the Substituting Fonts and then NewYork, and of its This and higher that the from the the output might from the this reason, normally should
to with them. If wish, specify that as to such as should normally the Specifying which to The Include Fonts option which of to downloaded when The options PPD/Installed and AU Normally when with ActionLaser should the of PPD/Installed. This that those already the PPD If to to that to with the might choose this the the to which already downloaded. already memory downloaded.
If to to or to another the and choose to Then when choose the following To the the text the directory to which to the the following the as Compatible or Convert to or as which should downloaded PPD downloaded). the as or ASCII
the The allows to from The with or With the following: To the first the and the selected the Chooser. Then the The the easy installation. If and the from the of the and information about the such as the the of printed, and memory directly to the the commands to the the or the and commands.
the the following appears: The allows to and that connected to the selected Click the whose to change. If might connected to another If might the off or when the utility. the and connected, then the and information clicking the to from such as RAM or of this
The bidirectional and from If selected, information or The allows to the currently the from to the and of To of and downloaded the and and Then the Downloading The Download from to the selected Fonts this memory off the or If they automatically. to reduce the to explicitly the as They memory off or the or them Downloading of from the amount of RAM to
To Bring the and the and Click the Download The following appears: the top the or that the to the double-clicking or clicking the The the the Select the to Click the The to displayed the right of the to memory only, Memory normally displayed the top of the of to another (such as Memory and to the
Once selected and the to This the from to the Click to Removing To from memory: If to from the of to downloaded, the the right of the and to downloaded. If them converted, the Convert To Bring the and the and Click the This that allows to The currently to the shown to the of the Select the to (or type the of the the text the of the and The to then the right of the If to the and The from the of to the to to the the clicking
information about the The Info option of the allows to and information about of the or attached to the The information includes the following: Additional information might shown, The option allows to without to software It however, allow to other of To PostScript-formatted the This the following The and firmware and Amount of memory of printed.
Select PostScript-formatted Click This the to the Click to the the the isassigned when the that includes other highly recommended that assign Bring the and and Click the This the following The to characters length. Click OK. the to the Chooser. New "ActionLaser Not their immediately. You to writ or the off and clicking the the to the
Additional features The option allows to commands to the the and or the the option, the following appears: commands to the To ASCII to the Bring the and and Click the the type the text to Click the to The type appears the Select to You ASCII
the Select to the to to the Click Text. This the selected to the Click to the the The option allows to the to to the factory This software the as the the and flushed from memory or the The that each the It information about the Click the printed; otherwise, The If to that appears the to the and From
Chapter the Selecting the Accessing Advanced Specifying memory Graphics Creating that to DSC information.
the the option, to the the SelecType To manually Press the This the off and displays the PRINTING MENU, which the first of the Press the EMULATION MENU appears the Press the Item the interface to displayed. Press the arrow to of the following PS, PS&LJ4, PS&FX, PS&ESCP2, PS&GL2. Press the to the to memory. Press the On to the back assigned to the interface or interfaces selected It selected the the interface. You the (L/T), or interface. If the RESET TO SAVE, while the button.
Selecting You from the Font of software of the to the however, the from the of the that although the appearance of the the when choose the Calligraphic which closely, substituted. The following the which the than the Font Corresponding Helvetica Narrow Narrow Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Calligraphic Calligraphic Calligraphic Calligraphic
the The the Microsoft to allow to You normally to the the through the or items the of software Although the allows to this chapter those to about of the choose the Accessing To choose or This You to another option software to choose the or button. then to the ActionLaser Then choose (or to the following
This that To and with Each PM to Encapsulated This as choose OK from the and Encapsulated and the to Normally should the to option the to that the to with Each This that header information with each with Each to that header information included with the Including header information when to or when to shared If connected directly to the turning off with Each the to another location and then the header information
Advanced To advanced choose the Advanced the previous section the This the following to with This and memory to to the The the based what the If choose the Table to explicitly specify what to of
You that to them. Converting to when that of graphics and Specifying memory You memory when that To memory options memory Graphics allows to the following graphics Memory. This option increases the amount of memory Clear Memory This option clears downloaded from memory each printed. This frees memory the Can or The higher of the encountering memory reduce the to the The the of and the of the If increase the halftone to least
Creating that to DSC The Conform to (DSC) option that to DSC. You should this option the following that to DSC, the and Clear Memory options You to this option when creating EPS the which the halftone applied. Normally should the correcting or to Negative and white of that become white and white become Creates of Colors to Prints of or Automatically they memory. You creating to with software that DSC. You service to the You the with others.
information whenever that the of the and to the The information than that the
to SelecType Affects EMULATION MENU PS MENU TEST MENU to SelecType A-1 A-2 A-2 A-3 A-4
Affects the SelecType the front expanded to allow to and The to SelecType these: EMULATION MENU the EMULATION MENU expanded to allow to of the following compatiblity PS that the selected interface only The other four combined that allow the to switch and another as received. A-2 Charges to SelecType The EMULATION MENU allows to The PS MENU the MicroGray and memory protection. The TEST MENU includes three items testing compatibility. PS PS&LJ4 PS&FX PS&ESCP2 PS&GL2
PS MENU The PS MENU the following three items that allow to ERR SHEET ON, OFF whether the If ERR SHEET OFF, the displayed the printed. If ERR SHEET. ON, when the ON OFF MicroGray to the of If software halftones, its graphic becomes smoother than with If to using MicroGray off. PROTECT LEVEL Allows to specify the amount of memory allocated protection. If the SelecType item PAGE PROTECT off, might there enough memory to If this the If the the to PAGE PROTECT to PAGE, or LT, LGL, or A4. to SelecType A-3
TEST MENU The TEST MENU three items that allow to to the To the item the TEST MENU and then the If information, PS STATUS SHEET Prints the PS FONT SHEET Prints of the when PS FACT SHEET Prints fact that the to SelecType A-4