Every to that the information this and responsibility the of or its that software and other and to this the of the information of software products other Copyright Rights MICROLINE ML186 First Edition: January, and the Training and Publications Please this Americas, Inc. and Publications Bishops Mount NJ to OKI, and MICROLINE of Industry Company, of Corporation (SEC), the U.S. and other countries. IBM of IBM Corporation. LINUX of Microsoft, MS-DOS, NT and DOS or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and/or other Word Perfect of Corporation.
Notes, appears this. It information which to and the appears this. It information which appears this. It information which, malfunction or warning appears this. It information which, the of Notes, CAUTION! WARNING!
the the the the following completed. the top cover and the cover the printhead the the cover. Started
Installing/Replacing the Ribbon Cartridge only the The when their ready to them. The Ribbon or clothing usually with and the turned off! If the recently used, the printhead HOT Started WARNING!
the cover and the printhead. If the the the shield from the ribbon! Started
Unpack the and the printhead. If the easily, the slightly the x-shaped notch the of the with the x-shaped the Press the Started
Turn the the of the arrow to the cover. the the notch with the the and Started
the Head The head the the printhead and the or to than when the recommended head to the and easy Incorrect of the head printhead or To these the head the type of used. To the head the located to the of the to the the type of as the following Position or to Forms, thickness or Forms, thickness Forms, thickness Started CAUTION!
the The sheets With to the to the with the spring-loaded the the the the Press to release the the Started
the turned off. the with the back of the The match the the the other of the grounded
Loading Three of with Continuous (with or without the optional Tractor) the optional You Arm Arm Head
Continuous the Head to the head the the outlet the following completed.
Loading Continuous Forms, Rear the turned off. the of the the the the of the the front of the to the arm.
the the right of the the front of the to the the the of the then the that the with the the the back to the
the first of the and through the the the and the that its the the of the the of the straight that the the matching the feed and
10.Turn the to the appears front of the the arm. to that the matching the If they matched and the back the and
back the to the arm. the to the of the to the first the cover, to the of the through the the cover. 14.Turn the
Loading Continuous Forms, the off. the the the with the the of the of the the the
the the of the then the that the with the the the back to the the the of the the front of the to the arm. the the right of the the front of the to the
the first of through the the and the of the feeding the appears front of the and the arm. to that the matching the If they matched and the back the and
the back to the arm. the to the to the first the cover, to feed the of the through the the cover. 13.Turn the
Loading sheets, the Tractor or to inches to than the to their that the tear the the below. Turn the
the the right of the the of the to the that the off SELECT necessary). If than inches the to their the cover. the and the as
back the to the the to the of the (closed the
the the to the of the then the reaches the the the front of the The of around the
back the that the correctly. 10.Press SELECT to the Testing built-in to that and correctly. the the turned off, then and LINE FEED while turning the The To the SELECT or the off. The top of each information about to of the to service.
USB to PC or to The of assured USB connected concurrently with other of the type. they appear as These the of connecting or turning of each USB This that the and to switched OFF. Interface with USB USB or higher USB B Notes
USB to the USB B the back of the the other of the to the If turned the and off, them back
(LPT) IEEE-1284 Notes Interface with It recommended that and USB to the type the and both turned OFF. Turn both the and the OFF. CAUTION!
to the the back of the and with the and the to Turn the and back (COM) RS-232C Notes Interface with It recommended that and USB to the
RS-232C UL and CSA the and both turned OFF. Switch both the and the OFF. the the the back of the and the screws. the the and the thumbscrews. Turn the and back CAUTION!
the to Work with software normally the normally the or the front XP, NT the To from Windows-based the located the the CD with This incorporates commands which the of the and switches the to the of which selected the the CD CD-ROM Click
Click The appears Follow the on-screen instructions. to the which to the and of then to the directory the CD and the inf .inf Location XP \Drivers\WinXP\English\Oemprint.inf \Drivers\Win2k\English\Oemprint.inf \Drivers\Win98_Me\English\Oemsetup.inf \Drivers\Win98_Me\English\Oemsetup.inf 95B [OSR2] \Drivers\Win95\English\Oemsetup.inf NT \Drivers\NT40\English\Printer.inf Follow the on-screen instructions to the Non-Windows the Emulation the three IBM the factory ESC/P2 MICROLINE If such as LINUX such as DOS or such as Word Perfect to the selected the the the below). If
the selected, characters, incorrect software information to that If directly MICROLINE ML184 or ML184 with the ML186, that the ML186 to match the the existing the the below). Applications with the the below and function properly with software them. To of the ML186 features, the top the IBM further IBM Graphics IBM Graphics with the of the ML186 Compatible IBM IBM IBM Graphics IBM Graphics ESC/P2 LX LX ML MICROLINE
the the The the the IBM. If to the to another loaded. Turn the off. Press and SELECT while turning the back The the Press FORM FEED The first of the showing the IBM Press TOF SET once or the to appears the right-hand Each TOF SET, and the which appears the ML Press PITCH and MODE together to and the
Lights LED Function On off Flashing flashes with ALARM light to detected. On SELECT light off On SELECT light flashing Flashing SELECT light overheated. Normal operation cooling On turned turned off. The which character pitch characters inch
LED Function The which NLQ Near Quality UTILITY HSD High or SSD selected.
Advances the Scrolls through the Advances the to the top of or from the top of (TOF) the and off Selects the character pitch (NLQ, Utility, HSD). Scrolls through the items each group. Scrolls through the each item within group. Prints of PITCH MODE and to PITCH MODE and to Initiates LINE FEED SELECT Initiates Rolling ASCII FORM FEED SELECT to Not Not
The internal containing of which to to match the the the To the SELECT while turning the The and UTILITY of With the the SELECT to the The
Printout IBM Font Font DRAFT SSD Font Pitch CPI Font Spacing Font Normal Font Character American Character Slashed USA Spacing LPI Perforation Graphics 64K Function Effective LF CR SI Select Pitch (10CPI) CPI SI Pitch (12CPI) CPI Select ESC SI Pitch CPI Normal I/F I/F I/F
Press SELECT while turning the Press LINE FEED to the that to (the the the Press FORM FEED to the item within the selected (the Item the the Press TOF SET to through the the item to (the the right-hand the To LINE FEED the or FORM FEED the item the finished Press PITCH and MODE together to the and the Exiting the turning off the
The the character slashed. To the to unslashed: Press and SELECT while turning the The following IBM Press LINE FEED the appears: Character Press FORM FEED repetitively the Character item appears: Character Slashed Press TOF SET once. The following Character Unslashed Press PITCH and MODE together to the and the
Selections indicated Item IBM ML Font NLQ NLQ Gothic, DRAFT HSD, SSD Pitch CPI CPI, CPI, CPI, CPI Spacing Normal Italics Selects both and height characters or and height characters.
Item Character II, Graphics, Graphics (ML only) American British, I, Swedish, Spanish I, II, Spanish II, American, Publisher Character Slashed Unslashed USA BRASCII, ISO8859-15 Spacing LPI LPI Perforation Graphics or Graphics 32K, 64K 128K ML only. selected, the 2K bytes.
Item Right, Right, Right, Right, Right, or Word Function Effective LF CR SI Select Pitch CPI) SI Pitch CPI CPI CPI) Select ESC SI Pitch CPI 20CPI ML only. FULL OPERATION Operation*, selected, exiting the the SEL, LINE FEED and FORM FEED buttons The PRINT QUALITY, TOF and PITCH buttons inactive. CPI, CPI
Item Normal I/F appears with Interface. I*/F) I*/F) XT I/F) Bi-Direction I/F appears with Interface. I/F) or I/F) Ready/Busy X-ON/X-OFF I/F) I/F) SSD- SSD+, DTR, RTS I/F) Rate I/F) DSR I/F) DTR Ready Ready Select I/F) Clear Parity
the Tractor Unit from the of the or, from the the acoustic cover and cover the necessary, that than -inch from the of the tractor To the tractor, the the to the then the back to
the right tractor to the its the to the then the back to the the and to the of the tractor the covers of the tractor. the the right of the to the
the the the the and both covers. to the properly that of the of the tractor. and/or the cover and acoustic cover.
the Loading the Correct Path the cover from the the (right of the sheet (back) and the of the front of the from
the the that there the of the the of that the the and that the from the
the back the with the the the the the the round to the the the and the to the through the the as straight as to the through inches
the (right of the front of the printerto the positionand the straight to the and right the with the front of the that the covers the the of the that clears the the back to the to reapply the the of back to the arm. the cover: the cover the the front. the cover the fits through the front the cover. the that the from the and the the Correct Path 15.Turn the to the to the where to allow top of inch To this as the Top of the TOF
the Ribbon Cartridge If the recently used, the printhead HOT Turn the off WARNING!
Testing (Font built-in to that and correctly. the the turned off, then and LINE FEED while turning the The To the SELECT or the off. The top of each information about to of the to service.
Rolling ASCII The Rolling ASCII of ASCII characters the type To the loaded. With the turned off, and SELECT and LINE FEED while turning the The ASCII To the SELECT or the off. to the including and commands, both and ASCII To the the and SELECT and FORM FEED while turning the To the the off, then
Cleaning the Housing or the they the housing. You should clean the months (or about hours of operation). Turn the off from the path. the cover. the to the arm. clean, cloth to around the and of CAUTION!
the back and the cover. Turn the
Troubleshooting Information things to proceeding with troubleshooting. the and turned the and interface) the operated the tions the the specifications this the properly the properly used? the head correctly the the software normally the normally the or the front Troubleshooting
the the and front software and/or these the and front to the or to the The that the and To to the the to the and the to The front To this the to the Interface and the to information Nothing when the the to the outlet and to the If turned ON, and that the hasnt blown or that the hasnt tripped. If the service. Troubleshooting
The when the the SELECT light If SELECT that the interface securely connected to both the and the If the optional interface board to that seated the and that the interface securely connected to both the and the incorrect when to to that the selected software matches the Follow the on-screen instructions to the and If commands software, to that them correctly. Troubleshooting
smears the when The head too that the Head correctly the Head and the smeared and The shield or the and the shield. If If and If with the shield If the shield from and the If the Troubleshooting
There (typically, tops and /or of characters The head correctly. the Head to If that the printhead service. The ALARM light flashing. turning the off, then back If the light service. The Quality and Character Pitch the front The Function the to these buttons Function). If the of or of the this option to the properly. with Troubleshooting
indicating though there The that the the of the covered the the to cover the using feed the torn, causing The that the (right of the the the Troubleshooting
Clearing Rear Turn the off. the to back the the of the Troubleshooting
the turned OFF the cover. the cover the the front of the to the arm. The printhead HOT torn the Troubleshooting CAUTION! WARNING!
the the of the and the cover to the of the through the the cover. Turn the Troubleshooting
Rear Feed, Repeating If the of the Defective the with fresh Turn the off. the to back the the of the Tear off of sheets of leaving clean, Troubleshooting
the Turn the back of the Path Turn the off. Troubleshooting
the to back the the of the the turned OFF the cover. the cover. from the path. the cover and which Troubleshooting CAUTION!
the Turn the Troubleshooting
Turn the off. the to back the the turned OFF the cover. the cover. If the recently used, the printhead HOT torn from around the Troubleshooting CAUTION! WARNING!
the cover. Turn the back the Troubleshooting
Ribbon Cartridge Cord Access
Tractor Includes Tractor Acoustic and Access
Specifications Printhead with thermal protection IBM Emulations ESC/P2 MICROLINE characters (SSD) High (HSD) (UTL) Near Quality (NLQ) Specifications only)
Top to US to Rear/Bottom to US to Carbonless to thick characters, Ribbon characters Printhead hours Mean and (MTBF) Mean to (MTTR) Specifications Rear/Bottom to US to to to to to to to
Physical 120V, 230V, or to 104F to 40C) to 158F to +70C)) to RH to RH Normal: than than Specifications
Interfaces IEEE-1284 USB RS-232C USB Specifications