A5 SETUP.FM CRE Sign-off: the First Checking the the Cartridges the Software the Connecting the XXX
A5 SETUP.FM Attaching the the the the of the the Follow the below to slightly from the of the that the turned off. It off when the the the back of the to the the matches that of the outlet Also, that the It to the If the rated and outlet match, the cord. If the attached to the to the AC the back of the the properly grounded CRE Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM CRE Sign-off: Connecting the If the to PC, to the or USB interface. connected the USB interface. geographic location, to the and Products" the to PC the USB interface, with USB the interface To the to shielded, twisted- Follow the below. both the and off. the securely the interface Then the together they both If ground wire, to the ground below the interface the other of the the interface. If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the
A5 SETUP.FM the USB interface and To the to USB shielded USB Follow these that both the and turned off. the of the the USB the back of the (The that fits the than the that fits the the other of the to the USB CRE Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM CRE Sign-off: the Software connecting the to to the software included the Software EPSON 2000P CD-ROM shipped with software includes: and The or to such as Quality, and The Head and Head top operating EPSON or EPSON Macintosh) of and displays information such as the amount of The through the process. The Reference and learn about and If the of the software, of the EPSON software If to of the software CD-ROM, the creation included the CD. Follow these to software. that off. Turn and If the New or other appears, the software CD shipped with the CD- ROM The appears. users, the and the then the and then Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, Printed
A5 SETUP.FM Choose then click Click OK the that appears to the software Follow the on-screen instructions to users, the automatically. connected USB the USB this If appears to follow this instruction. turning the the automatically. Follow the on-screen instructions to the the head and the head. appears informing that the OK If the to to the the appears informing that the OK If appears, the or the EPSON USB correctly. "Troubleshooting" the instructions. CRE Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM CRE Sign-off: the to to first Ensuring that the USB correctly Follow the below to that the USB correctly. Click the to and that the appears the Click the then the Click the and that (EPSON 2000P) displayed the to the following If the displayed, to the "Troubleshooting" section of the or the
A5 SETUP.FM Turn off protection software. Follow these to software. Turn and the software CD the CD-ROM The EPSON software automatically. If appears, the If containing appear, the then the At the The following appears. To the software included software CD-ROM, the Location displays the then appears informing that the to CRE Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM CRE Sign-off: Selecting the Chooser the software Macintosh, to the Chooser and You the first or whenever to switch to another the selected. Choose Chooser from the Apple Then and the connected to. Select the Background to background or off. background while to the EPSON to background turned the Chooser.
A5 SETUP.FM the Cartridges This with IC chips. The IC the amount of each and of its used. amount of and each the the reliability. to the with the first the If or NT the should when the software users, please to the following section. the and If or to the the to the the them. If the as follows: the then the cover. CRE Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM CRE Sign-off: The head to the The Turn the pressing the light flashes and the the head hand. Doing the back the release and the the Next, the from each and lights
A5 SETUP.FM You the from the them; otherwise, the become and to If without the the and the the yellow then the the EPSON from the otherwise, the become and to the from the of the otherwise, the IC from the of the If without IC the the IC the of the Doing and the each that they resting the from the of the apply force to the CRE Sign-off: this
A5 SETUP.FM CRE Sign-off: the the from the of the as this the both If of the the Press the they Press the The head and the charging the This about and the to the head. hand. Doing the While the charging, the light flashes and the of mechanical sounds. These sounds the the head to the right) and the light off the while the the cover. light flashing.
A5 SETUP.FM Checking the first to the correctly and, necessary, cleaning the head. Loading Follow these to the the and the Next, the that the the slightly than the of of then to the the of with the and the right of the resting the right of the Then the the of the the first. the fits the arrow the CRE Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM CRE Sign-off: Checking the head the below) and the that the turned off. the the below) to the Then release both buttons. head clean head to cleaned If the of the then should clean the head as below. If the satisfactory, ready to first First instructions. Cleaning the head Follow the below to the head. that the lights off. the light head cleaning about sixty seconds to The cleaning the head and the light and that both the cleaning three seconds. and
A5 SETUP.FM off the while the light flashing. Doing the light flashing, to that the head clean and to the cleaning the If hasnt repeating the and cleaning four or operating correctly, ready to first To with the software, of the with software. To or own the or the the and then the from the software that CRE Sign-off: