AC *The tractor option FONT lights Light Light READY light Font LF/FF CBOQ26). Specifications Character North/South Other Chnractn Thickness supply shccb Width to to inches) Thickne?is to to bactof AP-2250-1 ActionPrinter Ouality Characters/inch NLQ Bidirectional command.) Unidirectional graphics. l/hinch. 4KB Memory characters NLQ NLQ One and graphicscharacter One and graphics character One and graphics character international character US inches) Other A4 to (OS026 to inches) to to sheets khickncss of should than inches). insrrtion): to to inches) %I to Characters/sewndiline text with inches/second with NLQ and user-dcfincd to inches)
ActionPrinter Thickness to to inches) Three sheets to to inches) to to to to or three-part and them with the You If increases and higher of to to inches) inches) to to inches) Thickness to to inches) type and them with the tractor. only and inches) inches) to to inches) to to Thickness and manually, with the the Printable sheets and insertion) and The top inches). The inches). The right inches) the inches) the inches) insertion the inches). C The inches). AP-2250-2 C The top and and below the perforation inches). The inches). The right inches). The inches). Mechanical Paper-feed Ribbon: MTBF: head life: and weight: Rated Rated Rated AC AC to to to strength: AC or AC AC and chassis) Operation: to 35C to 95F) to 55C to 131F) (without Operation: to RH to RH US UL1950 with D3, CSA22.2 FCC US Friction and insertion) tractor Black S015047 expectancy: characters dots/character Height inches) inches) inches) without inches) with tractor without tractor with tractor
Interface with interface. Specifications and assignments The built-in interface the following characteristics: Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Amphenol or Connector: The below shows the that when the initialized. Item Top-of-form and right Canceled 1/6-inch Every characters Font selection selected Canceled Download character cleared Software only clears the Character You these character with the or software command. the character the as the PC through 7F, the PC and shown completely. The of the the characters through FF. PC (USA, AP-2250-3 or the inches insertion Continuous to the PC PC PC (Canadian-French) PC (Nordic) The below shows the international character with the and the ESC software command. when Italic-France the the characters of the the below the character The character selected with both the and the ESC The using the ESC command. The of the ESC command. ActionPrinter
ActionPrinter The You operations feeding, feeding, and ejecting, and selection with the buttons the The lights the FONT lights Lights The lights information and READY light The READY light when the ready to from the It flashes each the The READY light flashes the following The of The the tear-off (when the the READY light off. FONT lights The FONT lights the These lights when the FONT the the to which selected. The FONT lights (Light and Light selection the The buttons the the FONT Press the FONT operation to through the choices the The FONT lights the FONT while the to the the this to selection. AP-2250-4 READY light Light Light LF/FF FONT LF/FF Press the LF/FF to feed the LF/FF to of or to to the top-of-form. You the LF/FF to the this to the PAPER PARK If the LF/FF and FONT buttons the to the back to the CAUTION: feed backward; they off their and the the LF/FF to them Other features The to features: The whether operating properly. The allows advanced to the and the and FONT while turning the to The the reaching from the Selecting character To choose of the with the FONT The FONT lights selection. The below the and shows the FONT lights appear each selection. FONT and off to the
the You the with or sheets; this section the with the turned off. While holding the LF/FF turn the The and and then the and the The characters the and character of typical ./0123456789:;<=>?8ABCDEPGHIJKL ./0123456789:;<=>7@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNO $X&-O*+,-./01234567B9:;<=>?8ABCDIWGHIJKI,HNOP ./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFCHIJKLMNOPQ &-O*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFQHIJKLHNOPQR If the when turn the the three and the READY as and the LF/FF to the the To the off Application Software software specify the type of that the of the features, selection the family of commands, software its selection Choose from the following (the the of ActionPrinter LX-810/850 LX-800 LX-86 LX-80 FX-850 EX-800 FX-85 FX-80+ FX-80 If of these listed, the first of these LX, FX, EX, RX, MX, To of the features of the however, to choose with the ActionPrinter or of the LX its If of these the software to AP-2250-5 sheets You with the and sheets of from inches) to inches) with the insertion CAUTION: the the of the (shown below). They already the factory. The below the performance when the the the and the from the and to If the of the and the LF/FF to the Press the LF/FF to of You the top-of-form with the the cover. It and the cover and the to the The notches the the of characters. The gear affects only the If to the top-of-form permanently, the software of the top and You to the top-of-form the head ActionPrinter this the and the cover the They operation. I{- o
ActionPrinter to the back the with the tractor first from the Then You the tractor to from the locking while the inches) to inches) The the or You software or commands, necessary. You switch to insertion or to the without the Loading manually You of from the insertion the tractor, manually.) the the upright and Next, the the Then the the with the arrow the The automatically. the the the without to the when using insertion. CAUTION: to the the the If You the top-of-form the that from the to switch to the the LF/FF without the The from the AP-2250-6 the The option C80026*). the the turned off and the the the the of the lowered to the single-sheet the tractor as shown and the of both the the back of the Then straight hear the the paper-release and the YOU
You the top-of-form temporarily. the cover and the and to the This when turn off the or the to the If to the top-of-form permanently, with the Each the with loaded, the to the and then to the top-of-form. sheets off the to the top-of-form the back-feed to the the feed the the LF/FF and FONT buttons or the with loaded. the tractor Tear off Press the LF/FF and FONT buttons the to feed the to the the from the tractor. CAUTION: tear off the and feeding backward. than through the Turn off the and the paper-release to the single-sheet Then the straight and of the AP-2250-7 the the tear-off the tear-off to tear off the and the normally You the to the perforation of to the of the cover or approximately (three inches) beyond, the tear-off option, the back-feed to the the tear-off the tear-off the finishes the and the head to the top-of-form the the the to the tear-off The READY light You then easily tear off the the perforation. the the to the top-of-form and the Switching and sheets the tractor, easily switch to single-sheet without the supply. Switching to sheets to switch from to If the tear off the and then the LF/FF and FONT buttons the to the back to the ActionPrinter to the tear-off tear off feeding backward; feeding too backward. They easily off of
ActionPrinter the paper-release to the single-sheet CAUTION: If the paper-release while loaded, the and the READY light off. If this the paper-release and the LF/FF and FONT buttons the to the to the You then the The ready to from the and to Switching to To switch from sheets back to follow these If the path, the LF/FF to the paper-release and it the CAUTION: If the paper-release when the path, the and the READY light off. If this the release and LF/FF to the completely. Then the The ready. the from the and to to and of other types, such as and forms. You the the thickness when these types. CAUTION: the the of the (shown below). They already the factory. the and the cover the They necessary AP-2250-8 this You the insertion to manually through the the the rear feed the the first, as shown. operating only. the of the head. software the within the of the You of to three with the only. You the as ordinary only with that free of and waves. with or If to the top-of-form software or the top-of-form You to to the This the tractor. CAUTION: that they because feeding them off their and the To that the off and the the back-feed the to the back-feed the backward. The back-feed of the following The to the the LF/FF and FONT buttons. The tear-off
The feed back to the and then to the top-of-form when the to the back-feed follow the instructions below when with tractor. to single-sheet to of and humidity, them operating only. that within the of the the of or the the to from the tear off the supply of the of the as shown below and then the LF/FF to the of the This necessary to the from backward. the internal that such as top of-form and length. These they each the users, the factory these necessary. The below the features the the section to them; and the section that each AP-2250-9 software the features If software to the to the fact, that software information. the If to as below. You the buttons, and the lights Follow the below to You through to than Also, turn off the and about the turned off and the If the tractor, the the cover off of the cover as shown. This to the To the the FONT while the The of and the first instruction and that shows which choose. You the English, or Spanish. To choose English, the FONT light off and light then the LF/FF To choose another the below and the FONT the lights selection; then the LF/FF ActionPrinter Light Light READY light FONT LF/FF
ActionPrinter A: selection Light Light English OFF ON BLINK French OFF ON OFF ON ON ON BUNK Spanish Once the LF/FF the the and the instruction the selected finished, to the If text to printed, the FONT finished, to the If the the LF/FF You then to the immediately. first the to the FONT to the text The text through the operation. Once with the operation, the LF/FF to to choose the to change. Then the FONT as as lights and match selection. B: Press the LF/FF to the The READY light or off to selection, as indicated Table B, and and If the character length, or TOF to to If the character length, or TOF as shown the below. Press the LF/FF light light and the READY light selection. Then the FONT to the Once the FONT the to the item and automatically. The AP-2250-10 C: Character D:
Turn off the to the them the the cover back the This section the features the Character the characters inch characters inch. of The the character with when the or when the off. The slashed allows to easily distinguish O and when such items as this the the perforations of the and the first the software their top and should this them. This single-sheet Tear-off with the tractor, this the perforation to the tear-off where easily tear off the the the to the top-of-form and of the You choose from tear-off with the If On the the perforation to the of the cover. If the the perforation about inches) the covers the feed each (CR) (LF) If text unexpectedly double-spaced, this to off. If text top of each other, to AP-2250-11 feed this to the backward. The feed to the the LF/FF and FONT buttons. The tear-off The back to the and then to the top-of-form when the this to when or when to tear off each Character Character the characters and includes of character You choose from these options: character U.S.A. U.K. Graphic character PC (USA, PC PC PC (Candian PC (Nordic) BRASCII This option when with the tractor. You the to or (A4) inches. TOF (top-of-form) Whenever the LF/FF or the feed command, the to the top-of-form (TOF) The TOF factory to the inch from the top of You this from to (0.04-inch) ActionPrinter
ActionPrinter AP-2250 Short Indicates the completed its and ready to The BEL received. Short Short or of the following attempted. The completed insertion. The of of the following The release to TRACTOR when or elected completely. The release to FRICTION when elected or elected completely. of the following Information Reference Notices Product Technical Related TM-AP2250 ActionPrinter Service PL-AP2250 ActionPrinter Parts/Price ActionPrinter AP-2250-12