Printed DICF43 1-F BK 1-F PMS327 1-F C01-00
C R4C4620 A5 COVER.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: and Lights Font Selects the Chapter Turns and off the Font lights Indicate which selected. light Lights when the Tear Advances to the tear-off backward from the tear-off to the top- of-form Selects cut-sheet when the cut-sheet the to and Chapter Tear lights when the tear-off o when of the optional selected. o when of the optional selected. when the the the three seconds, the the this the LF/FF and buttons to the top-of-form or tear-off Chapter On Flashing o LF/FF when shortly. Ejects or to the top-of-form when Loads of Ejects of sheet loaded. from the to the light On when the selected or correctly. when ejected or occurred. temporarily, and when three seconds, the To off, light On when the Flashes when the the Flashes when the head overheated.
SEI SEI Sign-off: rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft, and NT of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, A5 FRONT.FM C R4C4620
A5 FRONT.FM C R4C4620 FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 SEI SEI Sign-off: WARNING
SEI SEI Sign-off: to EPSON high-quality and performance the the United States, and America. of to The to of types, including with and to four sheets, and High-speed of to characters characters inch with software, the EPSON Microsoft or NT that the of and easily, and other software. options to A5 INTRO.FM C R4C4620 to
A5 INTRO.FM C R4C4620 Easy-to-Use This section highlights easy-to-use features that helpful. the tear-off to If the tractor, the tear-off to to the tear- off when Then easily tear off and normally information, Chapter to SEI SEI Sign-off:
SEI SEI Sign-off: the release to the without from the tractor. the release easily switch to without the the tractor. information, Chapter the to the top-of-form and tear-off the of the top-of-form and tear-off The allows to the or 1/180-inch that to the top-of-form and tear-off information, Chapter A5 INTRO.FM C R4C4620 to release
A5 INTRO.FM C R4C4620 Paths of and single-sheet below, the from the top, front, or rear. You the that You choose from tractor and and three (front, rear, and This section which and the sections and instructions. the tractor If often to tear off of purchase or to the tractor. This allows to the tear-off to easily tear off sheets of the perforation. Also, when the tractor, of from the without the from the tractor. The tractor the when the shipped. the below about the paper-feeding path. Tractor to SEI SEI Sign-off: with the the off their the and
SEI SEI Sign-off: If often thick or heavy such as or with tractor the The with the and allows to from the front, rear, or of the the tear-off with the tractor. If to the the from the and the or purchase optional (C80020 and the Chapter instructions. You the front, or with the tractor. front A5 INTRO.FM C R4C4620 If thick such as or with the front this straight. This reduces the chance of The the straightest path, the to when thick such as or with the to with enough the to through without to
A5 INTRO.FM C R4C4620 the and tractor You feeding and reduce using tractors the This helpful or and high-quality graphics. Combination and information to tractors the and tractors the to SEI SEI Sign-off: You from the from the path, which performance, the front or whenever with the the off their the and To the tractor with the tractor, to purchase the optional tractor (C80020 and the with the when with the tractor. If with the tractor, the off their the and
SEI SEI Sign-off: You sheets from the top or the front of the You ordinary sheets from with already the tractor. This section which single-sheet Chapter instructions. Loading the top You ordinary sheets, or the top the top only. A5 INTRO.FM C R4C4620 to
A5 INTRO.FM C R4C4620 Loading the front You ordinary single-sheet or the front the front to single-sheet with everything to and of options, such as cut-sheet or front further Optional interface to built-in interface. information options A, With to SEI SEI Sign-off:
SEI SEI Sign-off: Ribbon Cartridge the following EPSON EPSON becomes to the EPSON and to properly with EPSON They operation and of the head and other To follow the instructions or the Ribbon Cartridge the optional when high operations, the Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the or near or heat the The properly or or cover the the through the only the type of indicated the A5 INTRO.FM C R4C4620 to
A5 INTRO.FM C R4C4620 to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. or If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the of the outlet the the cleaning, and with cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to the following If the or the the or the or the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. with this Turn off the and cool with this to SEI SEI Sign-off:
SEI SEI Sign-off: If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and protection this the building protected users: A- Head ENERGY STAR The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused A5 INTRO.FM C R4C4620 The the head that this the head the used. the head cool touching NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. to
A5 INTRO.FM C R4C4620 United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to the rating and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and yellow Earth If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. to SEI SEI Sign-off:
SEI SEI Sign-off: If to the the or only with of the and To This information and The Reference that with the information to the and Notes This the following to to to Notes information and the of A5 INTRO.FM C R4C4620 to
A5 INTRO.FM C R4C4620 to SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Chapter the the Choosing the Positioning the supply. or the Ribbon Cartridge Attaching the the Connecting the to the Software. the software or NT the software or NT DOS C R4C4620 the
C R4C4620 A5 SETUP.FM the this should include EPSON software CD-ROM, Notice and the following items: the permanently attached to the Also, the of the the country of purchase; the the right location. There of the and to the with another If the the back of the the country, the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: You protective around and and the Follow the the Notice Sheet with the to these and protective to the the It should its or the Follow the below when selecting location the The properly or the where easily to interface necessary. around the easy operation and or the to and humidity. from sunlight, strong light, heat or or to and the outlet where easily the cord. French-speaking users: fiche C R4C4620 the
C R4C4620 A5 SETUP.FM switches or timers. interruption information the memory of or outlets the as or other that fluctuations. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded the clear and the section.) If to follow these that least that the The should and interface they with feeding. If the to of the Positioning the using supply with the the smoothly the as shown below. front the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: or the Ribbon Cartridge EPSON the of EPSON or EPSON Products EPSON to covered warranties. Warning: You to the head to or the If the the head cool touching the turned off. the head while the the If the to from the C R4C4620 the
C R4C4620 A5 SETUP.FM the cover its back and then straight and off. the each of the and the and off the the the tractor necessary to the the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: that the head cool touching Then the head to the of the hand. If the its and straight Properly of the C R4C4620 the
C R4C4620 A5 SETUP.FM the from the Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. ribbon-tightening the its and then both of the to the the the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: pointed such as to the the head and Turn the ribbon-tightening to the the head from to to smoothly. that the twisted or creased. C R4C4620 the
C R4C4620 A5 SETUP.FM To the the mounting Then both of the clicks the cover first the front the the and then lowering the clicks. You the optional the the should follow the below when ribbon: the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: ordinary only. the paper-thickness to the lowest the To the follow these the as shown below. the the the of the the Then the back cover to the the of the the each of the C R4C4620 the
C R4C4620 A5 SETUP.FM the cover. the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the the turned off. the the back of the to its matches that of the matches Warning: It to the If the rated and match, the cord. If the attached to the the the AC the back of the the properly grounded C R4C4620 the
C R4C4620 A5 SETUP.FM Connecting the to interface IEEE-1284 interface and optional interface. Optional interface A-4 information. If type of interface, should to of the optional interfaces Optional interface A-4. Follow the below to the to using interface or ground both the and turned off. the securely the interface interface the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the together they both of the If ground to the ground as shown below. the other of the the the to the software as the section. C R4C4620 the
C R4C4620 A5 SETUP.FM the Software the to to the software included the EPSON software CD- ROM shipped with software includes: The the software that or With such as and EPSON or NT only) The EPSON of and displays information. EPSON DOS-based The EPSON allows to easily the from the the EPSON Utility To the software, the software or NT or the software or NT this section. If DOS, DOS the software or NT Follow the below to the software or NT the software NT information. the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: If to of the software CD-ROM, the CD and the EPSETUP the that appears, the creation and follow the on-screen instructions. If using the of the EPSON software, of the EPSON software or installation. or NT and the off. the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM The appears. (If the then the and the Click to the software installation. Select from the then follow the instructions the If the New or other appears when and follow the information and the software, Chapter the Software. the or NT EPSON Chapter information and the C R4C4620 the
C R4C4620 A5 SETUP.FM the software or NT Follow the below to the software or NT the software NT information. and the the software CD-ROM shipped with the CD-ROM (If using of software Choose from the The appears. the Command type D:SETUP (If CD-ROM other than D, or the Then OK If to of the software CD-ROM, type EPSETUP instead of SETUP the that appears, the creation and follow the on-screen instructions. from the The copying the software the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the OK to the The selects the LQ-580/LQ- as the applications. information and using the software, the Software. DOS To the from DOS to the using or another from the of Choose the EPSON the the or of DOS If the include the choose the first from this LQ-870 LQ-570/570+ LQ-850+ LQ-850 LQ-510/550 LQ-200 LQ-500 LQ-860+ LQ-2550 LQ-2500 LQ-800 LQ-1500 If the software to C R4C4620 the
C R4C4620 A5 SETUP.FM the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Chapter the Release the Thickness the Tractor Loading the tractor. from the tractor the the the the Tractor the the tractor the Loading the tractor Removing the from the tractors the the tractor Loading Forms. Loading Continuous With with Switching and Switching to Switching to the Top-of-Form Advancing the to the Tear-Off Edge the Tear Advancing the to the tear-off the tear-off C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM the Release There the including the tractor. the release to the to as the below. To which and Paths Continuous SEI SEI Sign-off: release
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: The below each release release C R4C4620 Single-sheet single-sheet from the top or front information from the the the to this when the and from the top of the the the tractor the the front, rear, or
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM the Thickness the thickness allows the to thicknesses of The thickness located the cover. You of the to the Continuous SEI SEI Sign-off: thickness
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the following to the thickness to match the thickness of type* or or with: Continuous with to C specifications. Continuous with with the tractor. To them, the tractor the If the smeared, to the thickness higher to If the or to the thickness to quality. C R4C4620 Continuous
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM the Tractor To the tractor, the information when to the tractor, Paths The tractor the when the shipped. If tractor the to the the Loading the tractor If the to and the as Removing the tractor the tractor. To to thick using the front or and the tractor. with the the off their the and SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: To the tractor, follow these the turned off. the cover and the holding both and the release to the tractor the thickness (located the cover) to the thickness. C R4C4620 Continuous
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM Release the and right the the to the of the using the the the Then the back to C, and Printable information the Continuous SEI SEI Sign-off: front of the front of the
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the right to match the of the the as shown clean, straight Then both covers and the first three of the the tractor Then the covers. the right to the then the the as Attaching the the the section of the and C R4C4620 front of the Continuous
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM the to the of the Then the cover. Turn the You to and the as Chapter the the and The the the back of the follow the the section to tear off If the first appears too high or its the the Top-of- the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Removing from the To the follow these the Tear lights flashing. (This the tear-off You to the Tear the cover, and tear off the the tear-off of the If perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off the the tear-off the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off the cover. the the back to the top-of-form and C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM To to the where the the the of the Then the covers of the tractor and the tear off the the tractor To the tractor from the follow these from the as the section. Turn off the the holding both and Press the tractors the and of the Continuous SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the the If tractor the to and the as the tractor the tractor. To the tractor the follow these the turned off. the holding both and the tractor's the the and both of the tractor to that seated. You ready to the tractor. To the tractor, the tractor C R4C4620 Continuous
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM the Tractor the the tractor the thick and heavy such as or with the tear- off with the tractor. thick straight to should the front or when using the tractor. with the the off their the and To further reduce the chance of and the performance of tractors using this the both the tractor and the tractor. tractors the the tractor the To the the tractor or purchase the optional (C80020 To the tractor, the tractor To tractor the follow these the turned off. Then the cover and off the Continuous SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the each of the and the and off the the the the mounting and both of the to that seated. You ready to the as the section. To the tractor, Removing the tractor C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM Loading the tractor the tractor, the front or the increase the chance of with the the off their the and To the tractor, follow these the turned off, and the cover that the tractor the the to the of the the section of the and the release to the tractor the thickness to the thickness. Continuous SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Release the and right the the to the of the using the the as the arrow Then the back to C, and Printable information the C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM the right to match the of the the as shown clean, straight Then both covers. the the front, or as below the and the Then the the perforation the first and with the top of the the front the front cover and Then the the the Then the and the Continuous SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: three each of the the both Then the covers. the right to the then the If the front the front cover with the as shown below. Then If the the and the together the of the and the section of the and Turn the C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM the and the top-of-form (the where the the LF/FF or the (To the the Top-of- The the without the the to the or to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form from the otherwise reduced. the cover and the cover. You to and the as Chapter Then to the The from the without the The the the back of the Continuous SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the cover; then tear off the the perforation the the from the tear off the supply of the perforation the To the the LF/FF C R4C4620 Continuous
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM tractors the To feeding and reduce tractors the tractors combination, the both the tractor and the tractor. To the with the tractor, to purchase the optional (C80020 the optional tractor as the tractor the To tractors, follow these the cover and the and tractor the as earlier this chapter. the release to the tractor the thickness to the thickness. the tractor as earlier this chapter. Turn the Press the Load/Eject to the to the top-of-form Then the LF/FF the perforation the first and with the top of the ribbon. the to the this the or to the top-of-form the the tractors as Loading the tractor SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the release to the tractor Then the the and tractor the the Top-of-Form necessary. the release back to the tractor the the If necessary, follow the the Top-of-Form to the of the the to the or to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form the Then the to the of the the section of the and the cover and the cover. You to and the as Chapter Then to the The from the without the The the the back of the C R4C4620 from the otherwise reduced.
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM the cover; then tear off the the perforation the To the from the tractor, follow the the from the tractor Removing the tractor To the tractor from the follow these the tractor as the from the tractor Turn off the Then the cover and the and off the Press the tractors the tractor and off the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the or the as the the To the the mounting Then both of the clicks the and the cover. Then the cover. C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM Loading You of to (four to the the thickness to the based the of with thick such as straight or straight path. It to using the front or and the tractor. the thickness the ordinary the sections earlier this chapter. inch) thickness the and inch) the perforated that curled, or If bound the of the from the head when the with head the head. Continuous SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Loading Continuous With the type of that mounted with with tractor to with the properly. Thick such as with straight or straight path. to the the and the the front or You the ordinary the thickness to Loading the tractor information. with the the from the rear curved; off their sheet the and to and humidity, them only operating as follows: with that curled, or the they around the and when C R4C4620 to C to F) to RH Continuous
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM with To off the and the follow the below when with from the Tear off the supply of the perforation the the LF/FF to the from the the Load/Eject or Tear backward, easily off the and SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Switching Continuous and You easily switch back and forth with the and without to or the Switching to To switch from with the to sheets, follow these If the from switching to single-sheet the from the tractor If the the Tear to the to the tear-off Then tear off the Tear off the the feeding Press the to feed the to the The attached to the the path. the top or front cover as Chapter C R4C4620 the to while the this the or to the tear- off Continuous
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM Switching to To switch from sheets to with the tractor, follow these If the the to the to while the this the or to the top-of-form that the tractor the To the the the tractor the the as earlier this chapter. The when Continuous SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the Top-of-Form The top-of-form the the where the If appears too high or the the to the top- of-form Follow these the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form top-of-form off the The top software the top-of-form with the If necessary, the top-of-form software. turned If necessary, as earlier this chapter. If the tractor, the to the to the top-of-form the cover and off the the button about three seconds. The light flashing and the the C R4C4620 Continuous
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM Press the LF/FF to the top-of-form the or the to the top-of-form the the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form The and top-of-form If to these the and the the reaches the top-of-form the and the You the as reference when the top-of-form Continuous SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: To the top-of-form the tractor, the following First inch) the perforation; then the that the with the top of the cover. This inch) the the inch) below the perforation. If inch) the perforation, inch) the the top-of-form the to C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM Advancing the to the Tear-Off Edge If the tractor, the tear-off to to the tear-off when You then easily tear off the the the back to the top-of-form that the normally below, the tear-off manually the Tear or turning the tear-off If the perforation with the tear-off the of the perforation the the tear-off the tear-off the Tear or turning the tear-off as below) to with backward; they off their and the the Tear the finishes that the Tear lights flashing. Then the Tear The the to the tear-off If the Tear lights flashing, the the tear-off If the Tear the to the top-of-form Continuous SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CONT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Advancing the to the tear-off To to the tear-off to the tear-off and the the instructions, tear-off the the to the tear-off whenever of or the tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the to the perforation to the tear-off Follow these the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off tear-off off the the Tear lights flashing (the the tear-off You to the Tear to the to the tear-off the cover. the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 CONT.FM Press the LF/FF to feed the backward, or the to feed the the perforation with the tear-off The and tear-off If to the tear-off these the and the the tear-off the to turn off the Tear off the the the back to the top-of-form and Continuous SEI SEI Sign-off: tear-off
A5 SINGLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Chapter and Loading single-sheet Loading Loading Loading the Top Loading the C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 SINGLE.FM and shown below, single-sheet using the top of the or the front cover. You ordinary sheets, single-sheet postcards, and single-sheet from to to inches) To of single-sheet the optional cut-sheet A, With specifications the of single-sheet C. top front SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SINGLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: The below shows the of the top and front and the thickness each type. information the thickness the Thickness type thickness Ordinary single-sheet Top and front or (carbonless) Top and front Top to If the smeared, to the thickness higher to quality. If the or to the thickness to that curled, or C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 SINGLE.FM Loading single-sheet You single-sheet the front only, as Loading the to follow these bound as shown below. You the front to single-sheet that the top. the of the front bound first and as shown below. SEI SEI Sign-off: the top
A5 SINGLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the thickness (located the cover) to the the inch) thickness. Loading You the top only, as Loading the Top follow these the top with the first and the the thickness (located the cover) to or to match the thickness of the that or that too thin; they and become If the of the with the arrow the C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 SINGLE.FM only and as follows: to C to F) to RH the of the head, the within the of C the of Loading You the top or front as Loading the Top or Loading the follow these first, them the top SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SINGLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the thickness (located the cover) to turn the the Tear both Tear lights postcards, the Tear once to the of the optional cut-sheet selected.) postcards and as follows: to C to F) to RH C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 SINGLE.FM Loading the Top To the top follow these the properly. If as Attaching the the to the arrow the Next the right to match the of SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SINGLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the release to the single-sheet the thickness (located the cover) to the thickness. the the cover. Turn the necessary. C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 SINGLE.FM of the The the and ready to The from when the with the instructions, the as Chapter and them necessary. Then to the the the and back the To the and of If to the If the first appears too high or this the the Top-of- the to the top-of-form or when the this the or to the top-of-form SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SINGLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Loading the To the front follow these the properly. If it as Attaching the the closed. If the front cover closed, the both of the cover. the to the arrow the C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 SINGLE.FM the release to the single-sheet the thickness (located the cover) to the thickness. the Turn the necessary. SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SINGLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: with the the The the and ready to The from when the with the feed instructions, You to and the as Chapter Then to the the the and the top of the To the and sheet of the front cover. If to the If the first appears too high or this using the the Top-of- Position the to the top-of-form or when the this the or to the top-of-form C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 SINGLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Chapter the Software About Software. the With and Accessing the from Accessing the from the overview. the With Accessing the from applications. Accessing the from the overview. the With NT Accessing the from applications. Accessing the from the overview. the With NT Accessing the from applications. Accessing the from the the EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON C R4C4620 the Software
C R4C4620 A5 SOFTWARE.FM About Software The EPSON software that with includes the software, the EPSON and the EPSON and NT Chapter software that allows to the You to the software of the proceeding, the PC as Chapter EPSON DOS-based that allows to easily the from the To the EPSON with DOS, the EPSON Utility The EPSON and NT It allows to the of when and with troubleshooting To the Chapter EPSON To the the below, and NT NT appear the LQ-580 the country where bought the Software SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the With and You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from applications below. the from the the apply to applications. Accessing the from the To and overview While the with the that the match Accessing the from To the from follow the the The the the the C R4C4620 the Software
C R4C4620 A5 SOFTWARE.FM Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the Graphics, and These the the Software SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: To the the top of the overview below information about the Accessing the from the To the from the follow these Click the and then to Click Right-click and The the which the Graphics, and These the To the the top of the the section information about the four Graphics, and Utility. The each of these below. To the the sections the OK to apply the or to the to their C R4C4620 the Software
C R4C4620 A5 SOFTWARE.FM Select the of the to If the to through the If included the Custom and the the that appears. Select or Click the to the Software SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Graphics Click the The higher the select, the however, increasing the Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of The to the of the dithering options shows the of selection. the to or C R4C4620 the Software
C R4C4620 A5 SOFTWARE.FM Select option from the If and increase. Turning off the to the the Once and them necessary, ready to with as Chapter or with as Chapter the Software SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: To the the the software then the the to EPSON You EPSON when this Whenever the there the the This when: The connected directly to the the [LPT1]. to bidirectional C R4C4620 the Software
C R4C4620 A5 SOFTWARE.FM Click this to the Preferences Preferences where EPSON the Software SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: You the following Select the item ON/OFF Notification Select Shortcut The selected the the PC The shown the right clicking the shortcut the Preferences easily. shared Allow this turned of other Click the to items to the C R4C4620 Turn this to the selected received when this turned the Software
C R4C4620 A5 SOFTWARE.FM the With You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from below. the from the the apply to applications. Accessing the from the To and While the with the that the match Accessing the from To the from follow the the The the the the the Software SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Select or from the of software. The or appears. information about the this that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears. overview information about the this C R4C4620 the Software
C R4C4620 A5 SOFTWARE.FM Accessing the from the To the from the follow these the the Double-click the The appears. highlighted, then The appears. To to the section information. The this section. To the the sections the OK to apply the or to or Click the The higher the select, the however, increasing the This from the or Landscape The the screen to the select. the Software SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Select the of the to If the to through the If included the and the the that appears. Source Click the to Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of the to or Select option from the If and increase. Turning off the to the the Once and them necessary, ready to with as or with sheets as Chapter C R4C4620 the Software
C R4C4620 A5 SOFTWARE.FM the With NT You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from below. the from the the apply to Accessing the from the To and overview While the with the that the match Accessing the from To the from follow the the The the the the the Software SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the and Advanced These the C R4C4620 the Software
C R4C4620 A5 SOFTWARE.FM To the the top of the below, information about the Accessing the from the To the from the follow these Click the and then to Click Right-click and The displays the which the and Advanced These the To the the top of the the section information about the and Advanced. The each of these below. To these the sections the OK to apply the or to the Software SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Select the of the to from the Source Select the to from the Source Select or C R4C4620 the Software
C R4C4620 A5 SOFTWARE.FM Advanced Check the and Source the and them necessary. the and then choose option from the Graphic Select and then choose the from the The higher the select, the however, increasing the the Software SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Double-click to the Click Quality to option. Click Text as Graphics or and On or the Select option from the If and increase. Turning off the to the the Once and them necessary, ready to with as or with as C R4C4620 the Software
C R4C4620 A5 SOFTWARE.FM To the the the software then the the to If NT the software selecting from the EPSON You EPSON when this the there the the the Software SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: This when: The connected directly to the the [LPT1]. to bidirectional Click this to the Preferences Preferences where EPSON C R4C4620 the Software
C R4C4620 A5 SOFTWARE.FM You the following Select the item ON/OFF Select Shortcut The selected displayed the the PC The shown the right clicking the shortcut the Preferences easily. shared Allow this turned of other Click the to items to the the Software SEI SEI Sign-off: Turn this to the selected when this turned
A5 SOFTWARE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the With NT You the from or from the the from apply only to the Accessing the from applications below. the from the the apply to Accessing the from the To and overview While the with the that the match Accessing the from To the from follow the the The the the the C R4C4620 the Software
C R4C4620 A5 SOFTWARE.FM Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The displays the which the and overview information about these the Software SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Click (or to the Advanced which includes the Graphics Color, and Optimizations information about these Accessing the from the To the from the follow these the the The highlighted, then and The appears. Click the then You the which includes the and overview information about these C R4C4620 the Software
C R4C4620 A5 SOFTWARE.FM Click to the Advanced which the Graphics Color, and overview information about these boxes: and Advanced The each of these boxes below. To these boxes, the sections the OK to apply the or to Select the type of to If type, it from the Select or The the to the select. Click the to the brightness and input the RGB or other The appears. this the Software SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Advanced Graphics Select option from the Graphics The higher the select, the however, increasing the Click to the option or off. Select option from the If and increase. Turning off the to the the This item appear when More Once and them necessary, ready to with as Chapter or with sheets as Chapter C R4C4620 the Software
C R4C4620 A5 SOFTWARE.FM the EPSON The EPSON allows to easily the from DOS EPSON Follow the below to EPSON the software CD-ROM At the DOS type D:\SETUP. If the other than D, the Then Select the and C:\EPUTIL appears as the directory. Press The EPSON to the C:\EPUTIL directory. Accessing EPSON To EPSON type C:\PRNSET the DOS and Then follow the on-screen instructions to this You EPSON C:\PANEL the DOS and The PRNSET and PANEL slightly. The PANEL of EPSON that the the Software SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CHANGE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Chapter From the Selecting Font and Pitch About From the C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 CHANGE.FM Selecting Built-In Font and Pitch with the built-in shown the below. You the pitch turning the or off. You the and pitch the buttons the as below. usually from the to and pitch. From the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CHANGE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Follow these to built-in or pitch the buttons the that the If finished. To the Font the three Font lights the as shown below. On, others the selected the The Font directly OCR-B, Orator-S, or H. To of these first the to as the other that the other Press the to the or off. The below shows and From the C R4C4620 Font lights Font o o o o o o o o o Others o
C R4C4620 A5 CHANGE.FM About The While often these functions through software or to from the the The following the and the options the The the instructions the tractor* inches: perforation On, tear-off On, On, Software ESC/P2, IBM High On, I/F Optional I/F seconds, seconds I/F bidirectional On, CR (IBM On, A.G.M. (IBM On, From the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CHANGE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO other Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO 1T, PC ISO PC LAT, PC UKR, PC APTEC, PC PC PC AR864, PC PC863, PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO PC International character U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, Spain1 Font OCR-B, Orator-S, C, T, feed second, seconds, seconds, seconds On, On, off The options the country of purchase. These only when IBM selected. tractor This allows to the inches) From the C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 CHANGE.FM perforation This when selected. On the one-inch the and the first the the from the should this only top and tear off tear off and with the tractor, the the perforation to the tear-off where easily tear off the the the the back to the top-of-form and of the tear off off and with the tractor, to the perforation to the tear-off manually the Tear Advancing the to the Tear-Off Edge information. (The tear-off the tractor.) feed the each (CR) with feed this the to the If the every You bidirectional or normally bidirectional; however, allows which graphics. From the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CHANGE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: to the the and which Software ESC/P2 the operates the EPSON ESC/ P2 IBM the IBM The character when this It when this off. The allows to easily distinguish the O and High choose On, the to (characters second) (characters inch). choose the to I/F (interface) The with built-in interface and interface which optional interface. information using optional interface, Optional interface A-4. If connected to or Optional the interface the interface If connected to computers, to allow the to switch interfaces which From the C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 CHANGE.FM I/F (interface) This optional interface and the interface selected. This the when from interface whether through the other interface. You specify seconds or seconds the interface I/F bidirectional The Interface bidirectional when this If bidirectional this off. Select to the IEEE-1284.4 If unnecessary, or this off. CR return) This IBM each (LF) or ESC This the to the of the If the A.G.M. Graphic A.G.M. the advanced graphics commands those ESC/P2 IBM this The off. Character You character as as other countries. C character From the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CHANGE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: International character You international character the character character characters that the country or the to C character Font You The following indicated the and cant selected and feed This the amount of when the and If the its to increase the The when the Indicators information If the to when this off. this the that sheets the to the and to the when the LF/FF From the C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 CHANGE.FM Follow the the to the and the To the selection and instructions, sheets of A4 or single-sheet or of that least inches) and inches) Chapter instructions or Chapter instructions If sheets, to of each the and the turned off. off the least seconds turning back otherwise the While the Font the The the and the selection instructions. Press the Font the Font lights the as the selection instructions. From the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CHANGE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Press the Tear to the instructions (four the selected. The instructions the to them, and the lights Follow these instructions to the the buttons the The arrows the instruction sheets the off the and the them You the turning off the when the From the C R4C4620
C R4C4620 A5 CHANGE.FM From the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 MONITOR3.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Chapter EPSON About the EPSON Utility. Accessing EPSON C R4C4620 EPSON
C R4C4620 A5 MONITOR3.FM About the EPSON The EPSON with only when using or NT It allows to when and troubleshooting instructions when The EPSON when: The connected directly to the the [LPT1]. to bidirectional You the EPSON when the the to the README the the This the information the If the the or the and Print function properly. If to the as Chapter Accessing EPSON There three to EPSON Double-click the printer-shaped shortcut the the of To shortcut to the the software the then EPSON EPSON SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 MONITOR3.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: To information from the software Click the then EPSON If the as the following appears. You the following information the with information, graphic and C R4C4620 EPSON
C R4C4620 A5 MONITOR3.FM EPSON SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 TRBLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Troubleshooting the and supply Single-sheet or feeding Continuous or feeding top-of-form tear-off or Clearing Printout. C R4C4620 Troubleshooting
C R4C4620 A5 TRBLE.FM the You using the lights the If and or lights or flashing or the the following to and the If cant this to the section. State of lights The the selected Troubleshooting SEI SEI Sign-off: Press the to from another currently the path. the release back to the and the to the of the path. Then the to the to Press the to off the light, necessary. the Then the to off the light, necessary. The correctly. and Chapter or Chapter instructions Then the to off the light, necessary. the Clear the as Clearing
A5 TRBLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: State of lights Continuous to the The head overheated. Tear Font flashing of (three of The once when the function C R4C4620 Tear off the the perforation; then the The the to the Press the to off the light. of ejected. Press the to the Then the to off the light, necessary. the Clear the as Clearing the once the head unknown occurred. Turn off the and off then the If the Troubleshooting
C R4C4620 A5 TRBLE.FM and easy to the information this section to the of and to that the type of that occurred, and the below: supply Single-sheet or feeding Continuous or feeding top-of-form tear-off or You the to whether the or the causing the instructions To users to the To clear Clearing Troubleshooting SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 TRBLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: supply The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of Warning: the to outlet that the The and the lights off though the What to The properly the outlet or The outlet C R4C4620 the and the ratings. If the match, the immediately and Turn off the and the the and the necessary. Then the Troubleshooting
C R4C4620 A5 TRBLE.FM Single-sheet or feeding The single-sheet or feed properly. What to The release the release to the to single-sheet information the release Chapter the the release to the path. and the to feed the to the Then the release to the single-sheet Switching to information.) The the too to the right the to that it there. Single-sheet Chapter instructions properly. single-sheet The thickness the thickness to match correctly. the thickness of the Release creased, the too thin, or too thick. C and sheets of Troubleshooting SEI SEI Sign-off: the to the
A5 TRBLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: The What to Press the to too the the of within the specified single-sheet C. and the or The optional cut-sheet single-sheet properly. What to The cut-sheet as properly. optional cut-sheet A-6. Too sheets than sheets the cut-sheet the high-capacity cut-sheet Switching and single-sheet the cut-sheet A-18 information. The of the cut-sheet correctly. There the cut-sheet the C R4C4620 the with the arrow then the right to match Troubleshooting
C R4C4620 A5 TRBLE.FM Continuous or feeding The or feed properly. What to The release the release to the correctly. the to information the release Single-sheet the the release to the path. and the Load/ to the Then the release back to the Switching to information. Continuous Chapter instructions properly. the to The thickness the thickness to match correctly. the thickness of the Thickness The feed to the What to You tear off the the Load/Eject Troubleshooting SEI SEI Sign-off: Tear off the the perforation. Then the to the to the
A5 TRBLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: top-of-form too high or the What to The software or match the of the The the match the of the The top or top-of- incorrect. The to Choose the from the selected software. or You the the while the the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form C R4C4620 the or the the tractor the or the EPSON About or the EPSON Utility the or top-of-form software. the C. the top-of-form however, that the Top-of-Form the top-of-form the the Top-of-Form Troubleshooting
C R4C4620 A5 TRBLE.FM tear-off The (or too from) the perforation of What to The tear-off the tear-off the incorrect. the tear-off You the the while the the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off The to selected software. The or match the of the The the tractor match the of the Troubleshooting SEI SEI Sign-off: the tear-off using the the tear-off Choose the from the or the or the the using the or the EPSON About or the EPSON Utility
A5 TRBLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: or The when the What to Press the The The interface that both of the securely. the and the securely. If the connected correctly, as this chapter. interface the and/or specifications. software properly The nothing or abruptly What to The thickness the thickness to match incorrectly. the thickness of the Thickness The too the or the properly. C R4C4620 that the of both the and Optional interface cards A-4 and Select from the or If necessary, or the software as the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as Chapter Troubleshooting
C R4C4620 A5 TRBLE.FM The What to The thickness incorrectly The the as Chapter The What to The thickness the thickness to match correctly. the thickness of or sheets. of the or What to The too the or the properly. The the as Troubleshooting SEI SEI Sign-off: the thickness to the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as Chapter
A5 TRBLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: of the What to The head Stop and to the head replaced. the head yourself; the Other of the when the head replaced. the the What to the of each of The of What to commands the of each of The software incorrect. C R4C4620 Turn the the or the EPSON that the to each About or the EPSON Utility Turn off the feed the or the EPSON About or the EPSON Utility the software. Troubleshooting
C R4C4620 A5 TRBLE.FM The perforation Turn off the perforation the or the EPSON About or the EPSON Utility The incorrect or other characters. What to and correctly. The character Select the character using selected software. software, the or the EPSON The character software the or the EPSON The to Choose the from the selected software. or software correctly Troubleshooting SEI SEI Sign-off: that the interface and that the correct. Optional interface cards A-4 and If optional interface Interface Card A-29. that software correctly If necessary, or the software as
A5 TRBLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Software using the EPSON or the buttons. What to Bidirectional which the of C R4C4620 software to the the bidirectional to this Printout, this chapter. Troubleshooting
C R4C4620 A5 TRBLE.FM Clearing To clear follow these Turn off the If sheet of the the cover. If from the the the If the tear off the supply the perforation the Turn the the of the from to the the of the the of the to clear only when the off. the or the top-of-form or tear-off the necessary, and the cover. Then the cover. Turn the the and lights off. Troubleshooting SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 TRBLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Printout If that the properly the bidirectional to this To the below, four of A4 or single-sheet or four of that least inches) and inches) instructions or Chapter instructions sheets. If sheets, to of each the the Follow these to the bidirectional and the turned off. Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the While holding the the The the bidirectional and then instructions and the first of the instructions, the and the with the Follow the instructions to the of and the with the each the the of off the and the bidirectional selections automatically. C R4C4620 Troubleshooting
C R4C4620 A5 TRBLE.FM the whether the or the causing the If the satisfactory, the properly and the from or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the and and to the You sheets or Chapter instructions or Chapter instructions sheets. that least inches) or A4 or single-sheet To follow these and the turned off. Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the To the the the LF/FF while the To the the the while the Either the of however, the than the Troubleshooting SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 TRBLE.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: seconds, the the and of characters printed. To temporarily the the To the the To the the to and the to the Then off the If or to isolate the and software the from the as You or instructions or Chapter instructions sheets. that least inches) or A4 or single-sheet To follow the below. and the turned off. Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the C R4C4620 Troubleshooting
C R4C4620 A5 TRBLE.FM To both the LF/FF and buttons while the software and to the the If characters they appear the right as ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as the characters the right with the of the the the receiving. To off the to and the to the Then off the Troubleshooting SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: With A-2 options A-2 Optional interface cards. A-4 the Optional Cut-Sheet A-5 optional cut-sheet A-6 Loading the cut-sheet A-8 Loading the high-capacity cut-sheet A-12 Assembling the cut-sheet A-16 Selecting or A-17 Switching and single-sheet the cut-sheet A-18 the A-20 Assembling the A-20 the A-21 Loading A-22 A-24 Optional Sheet A-25 the front A-25 Loading the front A-27 Interface Card A-29 C R4C4620 Enhancing With A-1
C R4C4620 A5 OPTIONS.FM The following shows the options and interface To purchase options, or as D. options High-capacity cut-sheet (C80638 cut-sheet (C80637 A-2 Enhancing With SEI SEI Sign-off: to of or the without reloading. Switching and single-sheet the cut-sheet A-18 instructions. If the both as cut-sheet You to of ordinary single-sheet the cut-sheet You to the high-capacity cut-sheet to Switching and single-sheet the cut-sheet A-18 instructions.
A5 OPTIONS.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Additional (C80020 sheet (C81423 The the of the which country. C R4C4620 This option tractors and reduces the of This instructions this option, the Tractor the Allows to with 8.5-inch that with the A-20 instructions. The front allows to sheets from the front (This option countries.) Enhancing With A-3
C R4C4620 A5 OPTIONS.FM Optional interface You optional interface to built-in interface and compatibility. The EPSON interface the below with (Not the interfaces the Interface Card A-29 instructions. Card type C82305 C82306 interface C82307 C82308 32KB interface C82312 interface C82313 32KB IEEE-488 interface C82314 Coax interface C82315 interface C82345 IEEE-1284 bidirectional) interface C82362 C82363 interface C82364 The the which country. Ethernet interface C82363 to the optional interface (C82525 to the interface If the C82305 /C82306 optional interface to the to of the following: If whether optional interface or to know about interfaces, A-4 With SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the Optional Cut-Sheet of optional cut-sheet with the cut-sheet (C80637 and the high-capacity cut-sheet (C80638 You of these separately, or both together as cut-sheet to of The cut-sheet to sheets. The high-capacity cut-sheet to or to or the To the high-capacity, or cut-sheet the section. the cut-sheet as Assembling the cut-sheet A-16. To Loading the cut-sheet A-8, or Loading the high-capacity A-12. You and the optional cut-sheet when the the To the tractor from the the tractor C R4C4620 Enhancing With A-5
C R4C4620 A5 OPTIONS.FM optional cut-sheet You the high-capacity, and cut-sheet the Follow the this section. the cut-sheet to as Assembling the cut-sheet A-16. the turned off. Then the to the upright and straight the cover its back and then straight and off the A-6 With SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the cut-sheet both the and the notches the mounting as shown below. Release the to the cut-sheet high-capacity cut-sheet cut-sheet To both cut-sheet together as cut-sheet to the cut-sheet the high- cut-sheet Assembling the cut-sheet A-16. C R4C4620 Enhancing With A-7
C R4C4620 A5 OPTIONS.FM To the cover, first the front the the then the cover If the cut-sheet to or Selecting or A-17. You ready to with high- capacity, or cut-sheet Loading the cut-sheet The cut-sheet to of the cut-sheet the to and or the cut-sheet the and the thickness to the single-sheet the thickness (located the cover) to the thickness. A-8 With SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the of the cut-sheet with the Next, the right to roughly match the of the the both the and to allow the cover. C R4C4620 With A-9 of the cut-sheet
C R4C4620 A5 OPTIONS.FM of to sheets) and Next, the and of the to the the the the right that matches the of the allows the to and freely. back the to the the A-10 With SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the to the as shown below, necessary. the with the attached the notches the straight the mounting the the to the of The cut-sheet when the C R4C4620 With A-11
C R4C4620 A5 OPTIONS.FM If the first appears too high or this the top-of-form using the the Top-of-Form Loading the high-capacity cut-sheet The high-capacity cut-sheet to of or to or the high- capacity cut-sheet the release to the single-sheet the thickness (located the cover) to the thickness. A-12 With SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the the to release them. the with the then back its Next, the right to roughly match the of the to the C R4C4620 Enhancing With A-13
C R4C4620 A5 OPTIONS.FM both the and to allow the cover. of to and Next, the and of the to the the the A-14 Enhancing With SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the right that matches and the of the allows the to and freely. If back the as shown below. back the to the or the The cut-sheet when the If the first appears too high or this the top-of-form using the the Top-of-Form C R4C4620 With A-15
C R4C4620 A5 OPTIONS.FM Assembling the cut-sheet the cut-sheet allows to of automatically. the cut-sheet to the cut-sheet (C80637 to the high-capacity cut-sheet (C80638 the cover from the back of the high-capacity the and the cover backward. the cut-sheet both the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the back of the high-capacity cut-sheet A-16 With SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the cut-sheet together the locks. To the cut-sheet optional cut-sheet A-6. Selecting or the cut-sheet the high- capacity cut-sheet becomes and the becomes selection C R4C4620 With A-17 cut-sheet high-capacity cut-sheet
C R4C4620 A5 OPTIONS.FM It to the software usually the the the Tear off/Bin the light the as shown below. (high-capacity cut-sheet selected. cut-sheet selected. The cut-sheet selected when the Switching and single-sheet the cut-sheet You easily switch and single-sheet the cut-sheet without the Switching to If the path, the to them. the release to the the thickness to the A-18 Enhancing With SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Switching to single-sheet the cut-sheet If the the Tear to the to the tear-off Then tear off the Tear off the the feeding Press the The the to the The attached to the tractor the path. the release to the single-sheet the thickness to the the thickness of single-sheet If using the cut-sheet the to as Selecting or A-17. C R4C4620 With A-19
C R4C4620 A5 OPTIONS.FM the The optional allows to 8.5-inch that with This inexpensive to using that and the to Assembling the To the follow the below. the the as shown. the and as shown below. Then the plate the and the together with the A-20 With SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the both of the as shown below. While the the of the the the The assembled. the To the follow the below. the turned off. the the as shown below. the the of the the the The to the the and the positioning If the to the C R4C4620 Enhancing With A-21
C R4C4620 A5 OPTIONS.FM To the the and the from beneath the Loading the follow the below to of the turned off. the cover and the the the thickness (located the cover) to the the thickness of the release to the single-sheet the leading of the straight the the of the as shown. A-22 Enhancing With SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the and the the from the of the Turn the Bring the leading of the the and it it The the automatically. the and the cover. You ready to The the to the back of the as shown below. C R4C4620 With A-23
C R4C4620 A5 OPTIONS.FM the and the LF/FF to the Tear off the the tear-off of the backward. To the cover and the then the where the Press the to the A-24 With SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Optional The optional front (C81423 fits the front of the This option allows to and single-sheet of to and four with front to to inches) and The optional front (C81423 with the the front when This option countries. the front the front cover. C R4C4620 With A-25
C R4C4620 A5 OPTIONS.FM the from the of the the the front of the front the both of the interior. the the back of the front the the of the A-26 With SEI SEI Proof Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: the the the to the and right, then the the upright Loading the front You or the front the front that the the upright and the the to the and right. the release to the single-sheet C R4C4620 With A-27
C R4C4620 A5 OPTIONS.FM If using ordinary single-sheet the thickness (located the cover) to as shown below. If single-sheet the thickness to the the to the the front You the to the 1/10-inch to increase the A-28 With SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: with the the The the automatically. Interface Card Follow the below to optional interface the turned off. the and the interface the screws from the shield the back of the and the C R4C4620 Enhancing With A-29
C R4C4620 A5 OPTIONS.FM the interface the both of the interface the to the the back of the interface the internal Then the screws and them. the shield plate to the interface To the interface the A-30 Enhancing With SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CLEANING.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Cleaning and Transporting the Cleaning the B-2 Transporting the B-3 C R4C4620 Cleaning and the B-1
C R4C4620 A5 CLEANING.FM Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly To follow these the the off. the If or optional to and from the and If the or or dusty, them with cloth with the cover and the top of the to from the or thinners to clean the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the EPSON think B-2 Cleaning and Transporting the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 CLEANING.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Transporting the If to using the and as below. Warning: You to the head to the If the the head cool touching the the turned off. the from the then the interface from the the If tractor it as the tractor If options them and them their boxes. that the head Then the as Chapter the as the tractor the the protective locking both of the Then the as the tractor the that with the Loading the tractor instructions. Repack the and the and them the C R4C4620 Cleaning and Transporting the B-3
C R4C4620 A5 CLEANING.FM B-4 Cleaning and Transporting the SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: C Specifications Specifications C-2 Mechanical. C-2 C-5 C-6 C-6 C-10 Printable C-11 C-14 CE C-14 Command C-15 EPSON ESC/P2 C-15 IBM C-19 Character C-20 International character the C-31 C R4C4620 Specifications C-1 C
C R4C4620 A5 SPEC.FM Specifications Mechanical High-speed LQ LQ Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected software commands. spacing: 1/6-inch or 1/360-inch Printable graphics) Interfaces: One bidirectional, interface with IEEE and optional interface C-2 Specifications SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Friction (front or top entry) tractor (front, or and (optional) Cut-sheet (optional) (optional) inches/second 1/6-inch spacing capacity: High-capacity cut-sheet to of to or to to 64KB C R4C4620 The thickness of the to inch). cut-sheet to sheets of The thickness of the to inch) Specifications C-3 C
C R4C4620 A5 SPEC.FM EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON OCR-B EPSON EPSON Orator-S EPSON C Character One and graphical character graphical character countries.) Character C-20 information. Character international character and character C-4 Specifications SEI SEI Sign-off: Scalable EPSON EPSON (every EPSON (every EPSON EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC- A, UPC-E, POSTNET
A5 SPEC.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: head) MTBF POH duty) head and inches) inches) inches) Ribbon: Black Black characters (LQ, character) characters (LQ, character) to to Rated to to Rated the character type) (ISO/IEC the the back of the the of C R4C4620 to the character type) Specifications C-5 C
C R4C4620 A5 SPEC.FM to C to F) to RH to C to F) to RH and only and as follows: to C to F) to RH that or or curled. Ordinary sheets: front, top, and cut-sheet and top: to to inches) High-capacity cut-sheet to to inches) Second-bin cut-sheet to to inches) and top: to to inches) High-capacity cut-sheet to to inches) Second-bin cut-sheet to to inches) C-6 Specifications SEI SEI Sign-off: (without
A5 SPEC.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Thickness to to inch) sheet to to inch) to to to to Single-sheet front to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) to to the top of top inches) inches) Thickness to to inch) to to Postcards: front and top and top: to to inches) to to inches) to to inches) to to inches) to to inches) C R4C4620 Specifications C-7 C
C R4C4620 A5 SPEC.FM Thickness inch) Continuous and front, rear, and to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) Perforated to inch) to to to to of or both (front, or rear entry) The should securely together the and right should from the and completely through sheets. The ratio of the the perforation should and The perforation should the to the of the At the perforation the and perforation should The thickness of the perforation when should or C-8 Specifications SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Continuous with front and inches) inch) sheet to to inches) to to inches) thickness to to inch) thickness to to inch) weight rear with optional inches) Thickness to to inch) to to C R4C4620 Specifications C-9 C
C R4C4620 A5 SPEC.FM the The to the of the Rear the The to the of the C-10 Specifications SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Printable and postcards: The top inch). The inch). The right inch). The inches) and the inches). than inches), the increase proportionally to match the of the C The inch). C R4C4620 C C Specifications C-11 C
C R4C4620 A5 SPEC.FM Continuous The top and and below the perforation inch) each. The and right inch) each. The inches) and the inches). than inches), the increase proportionally to match the of the C-12 Specifications SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: The top inch). The inch). The right inch). The inches). C R4C4620 Specifications C-13 C
C R4C4620 A5 SPEC.FM UL1950 CSA C22.2 EMI FCC CSA C108.8 EN EMI EN (CISPR AS/NZS Acoustic (A) (ISO CE Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC C-14 Specifications SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Command the following EPSON ESC/P2 and IBM EPSON ESC/P2 Selecting EPSON ESC/P2 software allows to advanced and graphics. operation: ESC ESC U, ESC EM feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC CR ESC (C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC motion: ESC ESC ESC (V, ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC Font selection: ESC ESC ESC ESC X, ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC4, SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: ESC ESC ESC (U Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (B C R4C4620 Specifications C-15 C
C R4C4620 A5 SPEC.FM commands and includes the following EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, and POSTNET. the commands below: ESC Select Format: ASCII Function: ESC Select EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET (1/360-inch (1/180-inch The and when POSTNET selected. The of POSTNET inch; the inch. C-16 Specifications SEI SEI Sign-off: ESC 1B
A5 SPEC.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: The The character (HRC) The the HRC. The the HRC. of character EAN-13 and UPC-A only) Not to the The of each type The only the following characters type of of characters (HEX) characters (HEX) EAN-13 EAN-8 Interleaved of UPC-A UPC-E POSTNET of characters of characters C R4C4620 0D to FF 0C 0C or to FF to FF or 0A or 0C 0C to FF 0B 0B or to FF to FF or or 0B Specifications C-17 C
C R4C4620 A5 SPEC.FM The each type below. If included the the printed. type EAN-13 EAN-8 UPC-A UPC-E Interleaved of POSTNET The following unidirectionally. when with printed. when of the the right and text and text the The and characters of to characters. The of A, B, or C) as the first of and and respectively). C and Interleaved of selected, The POSTNET) inch the C-18 Specifications SEI SEI Sign-off: 41-5A), 2B, 2D, 2E, 2F) A, B, C
A5 SPEC.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: IBM This the IBM the commands below. information, the IBM reference operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC U, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC (AGM*), ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (AGM*), CR, ESC ESC C, ESC C0, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC J, ESC (AGM*) Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC I, ESC ESC [I Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP, ESC Character ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC (AGM*) Graphic ESC ESC Download: Download C R4C4620 Specifications C-19 C
C R4C4620 A5 SPEC.FM Character You the character shown this section the or with software commands. of the character the as the PC through 7F; the characters through FF shown these The character with the countries. PC (US C-20 Specifications SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: PC PC PC (French-Canadian) PC (Nordic) C R4C4620 Specifications C-21 C
C R4C4620 A5 SPEC.FM PC (Icelandic) BRASCII ISO C-22 Specifications SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: PC C R4C4620 Specifications C-23 C
C R4C4620 A5 SPEC.FM ISO PC PC PC C-24 Specifications SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: PC (Eastern PC PC PC864 C R4C4620 Specifications C-25 C
C R4C4620 A5 SPEC.FM PC MAZOWIA (Poland)* MJK (CSFR)* ISO C-26 Specifications SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: ISO 1T PC (LST C R4C4620 Specifications C-27 C
C R4C4620 A5 SPEC.FM PC (Lithuanian) ISO PC LAT. PC UKR C-28 Specifications SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: PC APTEC PC PC PC AR C R4C4620 Specifications C-29 C
C R4C4620 A5 SPEC.FM character the C-30 Specifications SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: International character the You of the following international character the character shown below the or the ESC command. when the characters the the character You of the following only with the ESC command. C R4C4620 Specifications C-31 C
C R4C4620 A5 SPEC.FM C-32 Specifications SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SUPPORT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: Customer Information Contacting Customer Support. D-2 North American Users. D-3 services D-3 Automated telephone services D-3 United and the of Ireland Users. D-5 D-5 Customer D-5 EPSON D-6 Service and D-6 World D-7 Australian D-7 EPSON FAXBACK D-7 EPSON D-7 URL D-7 D-8 EPSON D-8 D-8 D-9 D-9 board D-9 Technical D-9 D-10 C R4C4620 Customer Information D-1
C R4C4620 A5 SUPPORT.FM Contacting Customer If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services the section country this section. to the following information: of (The the back of the Brand and of software (Click the About NT or Software application(s) normally with the and their number(s) D-2 Customer Information SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SUPPORT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: North American If purchased the United States or EPSON through the following services: services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON of CompuServe type GO CompuServe EPSON the to reach the America introductory CompuServe membership, and Automated telephone services Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON FaxAdvice Access technical information You to this service. EPSON Service the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer C R4C4620 Customer Information D-3
C R4C4620 A5 SUPPORT.FM EPSON technical and information the and operation of EPSON products. (U.S.), or A.M. to P.M., through please the following information ready: Product Product of the You purchase and from EPSON (U.S. only). please If software with EPSON the that technical information. D-4 Customer Information SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SUPPORT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: United and the of Ireland If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, (UK) of services and technical the of Ireland, please the when the UK telephone the following the should as from the of Ireland. The contacted the UK or from the of Ireland, or the They the following information: Information and EPSON products from EPSON) Where to purchase EPSON and options Customer Customer the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty information contacting Customer team, please the Service and Information that with EPSON C R4C4620 Customer Information D-5
C R4C4620 A5 SUPPORT.FM If this found EPSON service, Service, or World below EPSON EPSON Service and specifications the EPSON products information including troubleshooting switch and information To EPSON, using touch-tone You to follow to and once telephone and numbers, EPSON of the to found the that the EPSON and the ID numbers. The to automatically. Service and You the EPSON Service Membership required. that software to ANSI and of to Downloading include and the that with software and information. first to the Service, phone and (which yourself). D-6 Customer Information SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SUPPORT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: World If to the and World information the EPSON products, software and to Australian EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as this the following information: EPSON FAXBACK EPSON FAXBACK the specifications and EPSON products offered There technical information including of the software and and the through of choices the information to EPSON This where the software and the BBS to the If URL Access the World Worth the You the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON C R4C4620 Customer Information D-7
C R4C4620 A5 SUPPORT.FM Dont that often and The should the first They often and easily as as the to EPSON EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of The to the information when The information the the This information includes the EPSON type of operating and other information required. the telephone and below: D-8 Customer Information SEI SEI Sign-off:
A5 SUPPORT.FM SEI SEI Sign-off: To technical as as other services, users to EPSON Limited. EPSON established both Chinese and English the to users with the following information: Product information to of EPSON World board (BBS) to information and the of You the following the BBS service: BBS: Technical You technical the telephone and below. Phone: C R4C4620 Customer Information D-9
C R4C4620 A5 SUPPORT.FM To technical as as other services, users to the EPSON Office the telephone and below: BBS: D-10 Customer Information SEI SEI Sign-off:
SEI SEI Sign-off: ASCII American Information assigning to and this option turned the or the EPSON each (CR) (LF) bidirectional which the head both (bidirectionally), from to right and then right to This increases the reduce Bidirectional the The of the memory to printed. character of numbers, and that with the of characters characters inch The of characters that inch of text the of the characters. pitch that both perforated and to such as or feed, instead of characters. characters inch cut-sheet optional, that sheets of the or that when (such as turned or initialized. factory A5 GLOSS.FM C R4C4620
A5 GLOSS.FM C R4C4620 dithering which to or Dithering with such as charts and halftoning of which each or of The when as the The character ESC/P EPSON the of commands to It EPSON and software computers. ESC/P2 The of the ESC/P command factory The or that the factory. If the to these when initialized, they of type such as or feed (FF) and that the to the top- of-form halftoning of to to of using or nearly of using of dithering troubleshooting that the of the and the the each that as as ASCII that characters. SEI SEI Sign-off:
SEI SEI Sign-off: interface The the and the through which to the the to its of that oriented the This that than high and spreadsheets. (LQ) The with readability and appearance reduced (LF) and that the that allows to precisely the tear-off and top-of-form There three tear-off, and top-of-form. single-sheet there only the top-of-form tear-off and top-of-form information these of the pitch The of the which measured the of character inch The character inch. The that the that oriented upright the (as to which the This the or The of which the It than the physical of the of software that commands the of To to its A5 GLOSS.FM C R4C4620
A5 GLOSS.FM C R4C4620 of the amount of that represented. of measured the of inch the operation of the the internally printed. The of when attached to the tractor the of the Tear that the perforation of to the tear- off the back to the top-of-form Selects the when the cut-sheet tear-off The of when the tear- off or the Tear the the tear-off that the perforation with the tear-off of the top-of-form The the that the as the first This the top the the top-of-form of the top-of-form which the head only. Unidirectional graphics You the or the EPSON bidirectional SEI SEI Sign-off:
SEI SEI Sign-off: the attached to the the Tear-off Tear off the tear-off A5 GLOSS.FM C R4C4620
A5 GLOSS.FM C R4C4620 Top-of-form The ABC the top-of-form SEI SEI Sign-off:
SEI SEI Sign-off: cover cover front cover (closed) shield plate interface front front cover A5 PARTS.FM C R4C4620 tractor switch release thickness
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND Phone: EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, Phone: EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. Phone: EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R.
Printed DICF43 1-F PMS327 1-F C01-00 BK 1-F