The of
of Research Motion. Bluetooth of Bluetooth SIG, Inc. OS of PALM and PALM OS of Inc. PENTAX and of Corporation. PSION of PLC. RBRC of the Battery Recycling Corporation. WINDOWS of the Microsoft Corporation. VISTA of the Microsoft Corporation. EPSON of Corporation. Release History Release Updated with corrections Bluetooth Information updated and information, Bluetooth Copyright PENTAX Company, of PENTAX of America, Inc. rights Specifications to without
P/N
Information Features.......................................................................................ix Warranty Information Chapter the Unpacking the Connecting to AC Connecting to DC the Switch Functions Lights................................................................................... Chapter the Installation.................................................................................... CD Accessing Advanced Software Features................................................ Text Selecting Sheet Non-Perforated Perforated Advanced Windows-Specific Features...................................... Connecting to Computer............................................................... USB (IrDA)........................................................................... Bluetooth (Bluetooth Only)........................................... Turning the OFF.................................................................... Prints Lighter or Utility.............................................................................. the the Commands (Function the Battery.............................................................................. Removing the Battery Charging the Battery.............................................................................. the Charge Process.............................................................
the Battery Chapter Quality and Instructions...........................................................44 Clearing the Cleaning the Head Cleaning the Cleaning the Chapter Reference.................................................................................53 Lights......................................................................................53 Light Light Chapter Troubleshooting Printed Dont Partially Printed CE-related Bluetooth-related Chapter Technical Information.............................................................63 Specifications.........................................................................................63 Physical Interfaces...........................................................................................64 Interference............................................................74 United States FCC Regulations.........................................................74 Regulations........................................................................75 Regulations Chapter Information Accessories/Replacement Character
Information the thermal heat operation. to where Dont allow to with the the AC or the AC cord. Warning To reduce the of shock, this its AC or the to or AC To AC (with or without the the AC with the The AC allows to to outlets. The with the AC to outlets and shown below. The AC to the when connected. the and that country. If or cord, purchase locally, or or
Battery Information This optional rechargeable battery. The At the of its life, please recycling options officials) the below). It and to of the The RBRC the the that industry to and these the of their when of service within the United States. The RBRC to the or which areas. to RBRC easy to the of or authorized service You recycling information where to the The of this of its to protecting and conserving users the United States, please or official information recycling
EU Product the Union: If with the that products should with household There these products. Used treated and with legislation that treatment, recovery, and recycling of these products. Following the households within the EU their to of charge.* countries, back free of charge purchase *Please authority further of this correctly, that the the treatment, recover, and recycling and effects the and health which otherwise to other countries the EU: If to this please authorities and the of Used free of charge to the when purchase the of or www.sens.ch
The specifically to the of The directly from ME, XP, CE, CE.NET, or OS, and MAC OSX operating and other BlackBerry, and third software. to www.pentaxtech.com and choose and the High-quality with of or of to three Operation AC (that and and DC vehicle or internal battery. Interface USB or IRDA. and 3-foot USB supplied. The with hosts. Integrated Bluetooth as option the of purchase. offer option Bluetooth the or Direct thermal ribbons, or types: (US US A4, or or perforated), and selection to allow of streams of without switching Text and information A about Text Custom this to further information N. or other areas,
Warranty Information Warranty free of charge, one-year warranty from the of purchase, or with or when to authorized service authorization (RMA) and of purchase requiredin the United States and Customer the United States and the CD with this information and warranty You information. the warranty information the CD with the or the www.pentaxtech.com and choose and Accessories. If the or the Quality to or workmanship within the first of ownership, replaced. or further information. other warranty, or implied, with to this or allow the apply to Warranty the information the CD included with warranty information, or and Customer Warranty that that with information necessary. Please the CD that with or directly www.pentaxtech.com/ Then and Accessories. Click Warranty and to warranty or warranty information warranty rights.
Notes:
NOTE Additional such as On, and through the Utility. Lights The three lightsPOWER, DATA, and ERROR both operation and light appear as red, or and continuously or The meaning of the indications of these lights Chapter of the indications follow: POWER light steady POWER light or The operating and charge POWER light green/yellow: Battery to POWER light Battery DATA light steady Unprinted the or from the DATA light ERROR light steady or when flash or occurred. Please to the Chapter that combinations of lights and their
Notes:
Chapter the operating and types. OS X, and PDA PC] Psion/Symbian EPOC and CE applications, software to with CD with and information with The CD and the both numbers. If the (with higher that the to the www.pentaxtech.com and choose and Accessories. that automatically, once selected from the CDs OS* Psion/Symbian (EPOC V. and V. CE These operating without the of of the the CD and the the to purchase the the and higher the using software that to through and Bluetooth compatibility. www.pentaxtech.com information. that manually from the CD the instructions CD directory. OSX the instructions CD directory.
Please to the warranty information the CD to with technical should CAUTION: USB Interface Please NOT to the USB UNTIL the installation. If the New the and the below. CAUTION: Bluetooth Interface to Bluetooth the and to the Bluetooth interface. CD If PDA software, PDA to PC (PDA OS, or OS the CD CD Installation, type, and Complete the Information. Select ALL operating to and then operating selected Follow on-screen instructions to the software selected. Each option selected its They one-by-one If PDA software, necessary to with PDA Complete warranty information and then the Click to the CD or the CD to learn about or other products. If the CD as the below.
operating the manually, including OS and or to manually the Readme.txt the CD information. that manually necessary. the CD the CD the CD to the directory the CD to the operating <CD or <CD only, the directory or the directory Double-click the Install-Win2K.exe or Follow the on-screen instructions. to the interface installation, this helpful hints. the README.CHM information. If the as Customer Service
Accessing Advanced Software Text The and Graphics or Text The choice the from the to the Graphics the of the The graphics as to What WYSIWYG what what that what what printed. Text the the characters the character the and this character the ESC/P and and The following three using the software and below. permanently the advanced Start:Control Preferences:Advanced or the temporarily the from XP, permanently the advanced features or the temporarily using the from permanently the advanced features Preferences:Advanced or the temporarily the from the 3:Properties:Advanced CE, the the You the to from to the lightest, the and the where this that (and than the to as
You the the following the the of to the specified A4, or this with sheet of the out-of- found, or of this with perforated there feed the of This typically with non-perforated to this option with the to the of to or the of NOTE: The Feed affects the of The as selected the The top actually the top and of Selecting Sheet Select Select the A4, or 2000/XP, the to Non-Perforated To from or the and selecting the Feed option. 2000/XP, each below, to the to A. Select the of the to the amount of to the and the of the inch. On this allows from the head the to the This
tear-off from that include the The selected this to of B. (such as recordings or charts) and 2000/XP Select Select the of the to the length. to that the within software to C. Select If the to of the or A4), the from the Advanced using the instead of the softwares to the property or the If the of these the Advanced as to the and as D. with tear off EACH This originally with and recently to the the the Select or Source the within the This to displayed EVERY including the first Perforated Select of Select or A4 This the when perforated to the Perforated
2000/XP to Perforated This the including This to and
Advanced the Pre-feed These features through the Utility. Please the instructions and of Auto-On, Auto-Off, and Pre-feed and
Windows-Specific Notes: The If required, Technical This both and 2000/XP Notes: Select or Perforated This the of A4, and Custom Select On the with Allowed height height created within these specifications displayed as CE Notes: the of to the this to the that reliably CE Perforated the to function when using perforated This If every To the used, this to off. It turned using the
Connecting to There least to to USB and (IrDA) both supported. Optionally, wireless Bluetooth factory-configured this and Bluetooth USB CAUTION the software connecting the to the the USB off the interface the of the and the notched facing the of the the interface the of the FIGURE Connecting the to CAUTION and the interface gently. Press the latching each of the interface when the the other of the to the USB USB 98/98-SE, USB Microsofts USBPRINT To this software:
A. the USB to the and B. The it the software already Choose Specify location and the CD the <CD C. Follow the on-screen instructions to the installation. (IrDA) If USB connected to the when turned the properly to its the and to the only option Bluetooth (Bluetooth Only) Follow the of the of Bluetooth or to and software. If PIN the that Bluetooth to the PIN to the assignment the information PIN Bluetooth OSX www.pentaxtech.com then Accessories, then Download Software and then the README to the to the instructions with Bluetooth or
that battery, connected the to AC or DC Turn the the switch once quickly. The POWER lights FIGURE Turning the ON sheet of Quality the input the of the from that the of the NOTE You of the This the smooth, Chapter FIGURE of or from software
The DATA light to that the from NOTE If the input and the DATA light (without the to Press and the to the Turning the OFF Press the switch to turn the off. NOTE If the and the the off the selected of inactivity. Prints Lighter or You or the the Accessing Advanced Software Features, If or the Utility. the the and the of that printed. from vehicle DC supply, light than and the or the vehicle
The CD with and that allows the to options the to the options only where the text and This to through based The the both and applications. OSX, and PDA with the the CD): On Pre-Feed Bluetooth PIN Text Text selected the when only characters the built-in character to the the A about Text the using the CD to XP, and the SETUP launched the automatically. You follow the on-screen instructions to the installation. To the host, the CD the <CD-Drive>:\<PJ3 or and then the PJ3ConfigSETUP.EXE (or and follow the on-screen instructions.
the or that the freshly that the and functional. the USB the and or the and From the (or and then (or The and the active appear as follows: FIGURE If other than English, this first. Then choose the using the pull-down, or the selector. The shows the the as they typically shipped the U.S. These other countries or specially customers. Clicking the showing the and graphics.
that the You then to the to this to Bluetooth information this If loaded, the Bluetooth information written to the Select the currently with the to to the than This the selected the Bluetooth If with Bluetooth, this to PIN and the of PIN PIN and others, this optional.
Selecting Bluetooth the following where the choice of the PIN and the PIN to to that the allows of this where and Both the PIN and the characters (A-Z, only. The character, the PIN If character that allowed, the following displayed:
You from to characters PIN Click the PIN to PIN to the CAUTION security the Bluetooth PIN the Bluetooth Please the USB or IRDA to the PIN that the PIN the built-in should and the Utility. If OS or PIN the PASSWORD as shipped from the factory Please to Connecting to Computer information physical and Bluetooth completed the PIN and PIN and/or and then The the as as information including and to Bluetooth
Selections) These options where the text to the and The options which to operating include On, Auto-Off, and Pre-feed. This selection that the displayed. If the than the that to connected If text the following options should the non-text they
this and expected each and the commands Length, Margin, Margin and Right Margin. and height of which turn top of about and of about Printable to with and height of and top and of about and respectively. Printable to with A4 height of top and of about and respectively. width to with allows the of of the and and right those commands. about Text The and Graphics or Text The choice the from the to the Graphics the of the The graphics as to What WYSIWYG what what that what what printed. Text the the characters contained the character the and this character the ESC/P
and and This the of the to the or other information of If the lightest and High This affects what the to from the type of used. typically It known (based the Length and/or It to the and to based the of the of about length, and to the to of or the that the input of the that the of or the the back of and perforated as the of
Feed commands, and the This of to users who and to the of each The manually using the Switch. Auto-On: to the there three actions that the If to Disabled, the where used. The Switch to the If to Enabled, the as as connected to the This installations where to the Switch or If to Enabled-No Switch, the as as connected, and furthermore, the Switch to the off. This installations where the pressed. to off the Auto-Off: the to the off to the battery. You choose to this selecting or
or time-out If within the selected, the off. Pre-Feed: the and found the infeed the normally the This the Enabled of the users who while the that this as it the top of and perforated Those users to this CR-LF This what the ESC/P with ASCII characters and These the feed (LF) and (CR) characters. The LF the to to the and the CR the to back to the these the of to the the of or the other of these, and both, each to to the and to the You the of these characters when they received. If CR or LF to each should this to LF=CR+LF CR=CR+LF that both to and when of these the
Length: This to the of You specify the text as the Text Spacing or inches. If the length, the physical height of the the as the Text Spacing command. The allowed the of that would least inch of this the of that properly through the Text Spacing to inch, least of length. The inch, that of than inches length. If the length, the physical height of the rounded to of as the Text Spacing command. Text Spacing to inch, and inches, the that this and inch to and the of inches. If switch from to Inches, the inches and displayed accordingly. If switch from to the and displayed as the text that as shown the below.
Margin: This the when to allow to to the height of of text The that the of the Text Spacing Text Spacing to and the Margin to of created the of each The and the of the Text Spacing, of inch, the inch, inch spacing, that the to Feed, the forced to as that and produced. The the Length
Margin: This the when the selected. You selecting which to the You of of The created the character pitch as Pitch. the pitch to characters inch, and the right to there right established. If the Pitch to characters inch pitch, used. that to of allowed. Right Margin: This the right when the selected. You selecting which to the You the of of right The created the character pitch as Pitch. the pitch to characters inch, and the to there
established. If the Pitch to characters inch pitch, this that the (the the the and right of as as allowed. Text Spacing: This to the amount of that each of If of text created every If of text created the IBM graphics characters to boxes and when that these characters, to to that the tops and of the graphics characters This which of the typefaces the when ASCII From the factory, to and to Gothic) supplied. Pitch: This of characters when ASCII characters inch)
allow to characters than characters inch). Each character or inch the amount of If selected, each character amount of to the characters the than the The as noted the of Characters: This what the ESC/P when ASCII characters with of and received. the graphics characters or of the characters to printed. chart I. Character This allows to the of characters of the selected. chart of the characters
Commands (Function the buttons the of the You the or the Switch Clicking showing the selection of and graphics.
AUTO POWER ON PAGE LENGTH PERF SKIP BOTTOM MARGIN LINES PAGE SIZE LINE FEED PITCH FONT PITCH SELECT CONDENSED MODE PRINT FONT ATTRIBUTE CHARACTER TABLE Graphics :USA INTERNATIONAL CHAR SET AUTO LINE FEED DENSITY LEVEL PAPER EJECT MODE BATERY POWER TIME-OUT BATTERY REFRESH INTERVAL Charging BT PIN CODE USB SERIAL USB DASH LINE BETWEEN PAGES PRE-FEED ON POWER UP UPGRADE CODE ACAADB Clean Clicking this the Cleaning to that this further instructions. Bluetooth END OF PAGE
Font Custom this to further information, N. or If other areas, Factory Clicking this the to its factory and The from the \PJ3Factory.cfg and displayed. that expected to match the internal factory of this to Only and it should Clicking this the as to the or and then this information to the that of the to Once to the these become the This selection this without to the and without the
the Battery the cover pressing the cover latch. the cover from the AC FIGURE the Battery Cover the cover and Gently the the the of the FIGURE the the CAUTION force the the If the the
the ribbon, which attached to the of the CAUTION If to to the the top of Then to the the ribbon. FIGURE the the While holding the ribbon, the and the Once the clears the of the securely the of the with the warning the of the the cover properly. NOTE The of the the heat that the flow of electricity the overheats. the cover to the of the the AC and the cover. If necessary, the cover the AC AC ADAPT. INTERFACE Ribbon OFF ON POWER DATA ERROR REFRESH CHARGE
the Battery the cover the cover latch. the cover and the as shown the to of its NOTE: If the caught the battery, thin such as screwdriver the and the the from the AC and of its the from the Gently the from the the FIGURE Instructions the
Charging the Battery shipped from the factory uncharged. that charging (following through below) completed the the first the connected to AC outlet with the AC and or DC cord. the off. Press the switch and seconds the POWER light to This the Charge and the charging of the battery. The POWER light charging The to charge to approximately of the finishes charging the battery, off, and the POWER light off. that when the connected to of constantly approximately to charge the battery. the Charge If to the while Charge the switch quickly.
the Battery the than the from the or the to and Accessing Advanced Software Features
Chapter both to the straight while the input the of the to the Press the the input the the then FIGURE If the the the the as follows: If the to immediately, the release as back as it and and the the cover, and If the to the to and then that necessary. NOTE If the the to the it the the
Non-Perforated and Perforated Quality with when Quality This thermal which the of ribbons or It specifically and tested the family. To or from to Information. and Instructions the smooth, the back of the To and tearing, its or ready to or to the high and humidity. prolonged to light. with carbonless, or castcoated with or such as or covers. with and to with water-based If it the
Clearing Press and the switch. The and seconds, then as as the switch This repeated as as necessary. If this the of the below. NOTE This to finely of instance Gently the release cover as back as FIGURE the release cover
Gently the of the either CHARGE REFRESH ON OFF FIGURE of the the release cover. of the and the ERROR DATA POWER
Chapter the Cleaning the Head To high quality, the head or whenever or light characters the NOTE Defective or or light characters. If the the head, of or higher the without loaded. NOTE If and the when to initiate Cleaning instead. Press the switch about seconds. The LED Press the switch than seconds. The to turn. the cleaning cloth that with the the input with the rough which the cleaning the of the The the cleaning cloth through. The about seconds, and the to If the switch seconds this the and off. Pressing the switch off the
FIGURE the cleaning cloth CAUTION to clean the head with other than the cleaning cloth. The cleaning cloth head and cleaning only. to other of the NOTE: Dont throw the cleaning cloth clean the head. It should the of the the cleaning cloth with and whenever to the head. Cleaning ERROR DATA POWER ON OFF
Cleaning the and the the the the of the or both. the without loaded. NOTE If and the when to initiate Cleaning instead. Press the switch about seconds. The LED Press the switch than seconds. The to turn. the cleaning cloth that with the the input with the rough which the cleaning the front of the The the Cleaning Cloth through. The about seconds, and the to If the switch seconds this the feed and off. Pressing the switch off the
FIGURE Cleaning the CAUTION to the with other than the cleaning cloth. The cleaning cloth head cleaning and cleaning only. it to other of the NOTE: Dont throw the cleaning cloth clean the It should the of the the cleaning cloth with and whenever to the or the head.
Cleaning the Should the of the become dirty, cloth with If necessary, amount of such as CAUTION: the cloth. allow to the the of thinner, or cleaners that or cleaners the
Notes:
Chapter Reference Lights The lights about the of the Light Table POWER DATA ERROR Battery Battery Battery Battery Battery Battery charging Unprinted flash service ready to to
POWER DATA ERROR of found when charging when charging Thermal Head High Thermal Head Light The POWER light light The If the AC connected properly. Connecting to AC the AC outlet If DC connected and that the Charging If this immediately when attempting to charge the battery, the when to initiate charging the and connected properly and that there wires the or the Battery. If the connected properly, attempted to charge the and become overheated the charge internal thermal when overheated, and cooling, Allow the to cool to charge If the the battery.
Charging The that too to the to charge of allowed the charging This that the should replaced. Thermal Head The of the thermal head too than -10C). You to the warmer If this relatively the should service. High Thermal Head The of the thermal head too high. If allowed to become the thermal head the to printed. The while the head cools and then This when with of To or the of this reduce the amount of background and background or and that the and This high to to cool the causing the to that re-transmitted. This and associated with the of IrDA repositioning the or IrDA the of This firmware or only. The firmware or that to the or to the and the If
to the that the and should with of the when the flashed, this memory or other that service. The Self-Test to without to The and information. To the turned and and the Press the switch seconds and release to the Service The DATA light of Quality the The automatically. the the to To from the based the CD.
Chapter Troubleshooting If to properly, first to the following correctly the the or connecting the to AC outlet Connecting the to and selected the as Chapter the through the troubleshooting this chapter correcting the If of these If the U.S., Technical from AM to PM through If the U.S., or of the Authorized Service
The the Clearing through the nothing appears the Quality and that properly with the from Also, the the Advanced Software Features, Chapter through the though the If the release cover completely. Quality only. feed through the If the release cover closed and Quality the technical Printed The of using the Quality the correctly. to whether the dirty. If Follow the instructions Cleaning the The and the too light or or the the Prints Lighter or using recommended Quality
The and stretched the release cover If completely. the the If the head and clean. Chapter the the to Also, using Quality The light or white the release cover If completely. Clean the head. Follow the instructions Cleaning the Head, If cleaning the head the the head technical white The head technical The head technical Light patches of appear the The smooth to properly. the or It should and should or coating. Quality and the the If the too Prints or Clean the head. Follow the instructions Cleaning the Head, If using DC the from the vehicle high enough. the necessary.
The top incorrect the the and software If the the top and of the as the the input with force. the gently. The or than expected the software the and to the that the If the or to and the sheets. the or as or reduce the within to the The light to that the the completed of text Choose of The Universal to The incorrect to the the and software the as the software or the to the that the If the or to the the the or as The the characters the character the software If correct, Trying another the The the to correctly. the interface to it connected and correctly. If
the interface with another and permanently defective. Dont The DATA The from the software If already the the and to the ready. If that to the off, back and the If already the of and the should proceed. ASCII text finished text with CR/LF or feed, and the know the another or manually feeding the switch the correctly The should to the the DATA the interface properly connected to both the and the or that the properly connected and oriented the the Connecting to Computer. Partially Printed The DATA light while the The software of the The the information about or the the and the the to the and the the the or the other necessary.
the to You the and holding the switch while loaded. The partially and the DATA light or the selection the CE-related HPC when try to the and selected. the connected or the IrDA using the HPC connected to PC. the HPC to the There to to from CE. the and The VERY with than both to the to of the of the to This HPC to the Bluetooth-related Please the FAQ and connecting to operating and www.pentaxtech.com
Technical Information Specifications Physical Width: Depth: including Direct thermal (H) (V) (H) (V) (lightest) to both and Utility) to three coverage ESC/P to that of LQ-500 II Fonts Native and to and Gothic) and as to the instead, the A4 This allow to or the of the
Custom recommended) ThermalCut Perforated or Loading or of Interfaces USB USB USB High USB A IrDA TP to IrLMP, IrCOMM (COM using cooked [IrLPT]), and IrOBEX, and only). Bluetooth ISM band, SPP supported. Factory PIN to to C) the or to to to C) Humidity RH, RH,
AC VAC, VDC Sources DC: 10.0~14.4V from DC: VDC from Connector EIAJ RC-6705 VDC 2.6A 3.5A 0.02A watts-externally off) Battery and VDC, charge, tested C) with Battery Charging charge otherwise, charge EMI FCC Class and CE EN50081 EN50082 Class Supply) CE EN60950 ERL UL to UL1950 Declarations of Conformity
the U.S.A., the following of conformity
the the following of conformity
the U.S.A., the following of conformity
the the following of conformity
Bluetooth the U.S.A., the following of conformity
Bluetooth the U.S.A., the following of conformity
Bluetooth the following of conformity
Bluetooth the the following of conformity
Interference United States FCC Regulations This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the receiver. the to from that to which the connected. the or The of shielded to comply with Class of FCC or the authority to this You purchase the FCC Interference ISBN from the of U.S. Government Office, Washington, D.C.
Regulations This the Class from the Interference Regulations of the of Regulations PENTAX Thermodrucker PT-A4211 PENTAX Thermodrucker PT-A4312 mancher PENTAX TECHNOLOGIES EUROPE N.V.
Notes:
Chapter Information You the following and Quality boxes): A4 of Quality A4 Perforated Weatherproof perforated Perforated perforated to with to Quality sheets perforated and every Accessories/Replacement the purchased, these items included, optional. USB Carrying with Mount and Cleaning cloth AC and the items the of the the following numbers: If the U.S., from to through and Products
If the U.S., the where purchased information about and Fonts Custom this to applications. further information N. America, or other areas,
Character Graphics Character MSB> C LSB C o C o International Character Table 5B 5C 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E USA UK Norway II Spain II America
Notes:
AC AC AC Accessories/Replacement Advanced Software Auto-On Battery Charge Charging, Connector, Overheat, Overheating, Recycling, Ribbon, the Charge Process, Bluetooth, Character Charge Cleaning Cloth, Head, Cleaning C
Clearing Utility, Connecting to Custom Customer sheet DATA DATA LED, DC DC supply, of conformity, Direct thermal CD, CD, of EPOC, Light EU Product Warranty Factory length, light,
High Thermal Head HPC Lights, Forms, interface interface IrDA, Thermal Head OSX, Switch, Switch Functions the lighter or Prints Lighter or with tear off, Information ornage light, Warning Partially Printed Dont PALM,
OS, Custom Forms, Custom Quality, Printable Sources, PDA, PC, Sources, POWER light, OFF ON Printed Commands (Function CD Psion,
Interference Regulations, Regulations, US FCC Regulations, Graphics, RBRC, light, release cover, Information Selecting Service Specifications Interfaces, Physical, Regulatory, Information Technical Support, Text Troubleshooting Turning the OFF, Turning the ON, the Font USB, USB USB Connector, USB
Forms, length, vehicle DC supply, Mount, vehicle Warranty Warranty Information Warranty Advanced Features, CE, Windows-Specific Features, XP,
Notes:
Technical US: to M-F US: or of the Authorized Service or US: to M-F US: PENTAX CO USA www.pentaxtech.com