rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information contained with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Concerning of Copyrighted and and copying and reprinting of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as broad as people EPSON each to and of the copyright when and EPSON, EPSON and MicroWeave and PRINT Matching of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. UltraChrome, PhotoEnhance, and EPSON Software and EPSON EPSON PhotoCenter, EPSON SoundAdvice, and EPSON service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Printed CPD-13854R2 Copyright America, Inc. Copyright Notice
EPSON the professional and photography. from these advanced features: to inch). pigment-based, EPSON UltraChrome and lightfast highlights, and of Interchangeable Black and optional Black coverage type of and specialty to inches. Straight-through, thick to 0.05-inch) choices than and and of
PRINT Matching and EPSON these to the PRINT (both P.I.M. and P.I.M. II) About PRINT revolutionary PRINT (P.I.M.) and together to the that PRINT include EPSON, Olympus, Ricoh, and with or www.printimagematching.com to PRINT included with With PRINT the options each These options sharpness, and brightness and reduction highlight and The this information each JPEG or TIFF with EPSON Software Factory or the P.I.M. II Photoshop (included with the information to the reproduction. include PRINT technologyyour EPSON without the
About The (Exchangeable includes information about JPEG/TIFF and them to information such as flash, and and the JPEG/TIFF with EPSON Software Factory and the P.I.M. II Photoshopuses the information to the reproduction. About Software CD-ROM includes the software the instructions. and You cant without Its to free to Download instructions software includes these EPSON Software Factory that and flash. Supports PRINT P.I.M. II, and Print. P.I.M. II Photoshop PRINT Matching, P.I.M. II, and when JPEG or TIFF from (Compatible with Photoshop and and Photoshop and EPSON Information on-screen to information about It includes EPSON animated and other It includes on-screen Reference information about (The OS
EPSON PhotoCenter free photo-sharing where and high-resolution straight from the and with software to EPSON PhotoCenter software offers and the award-winning of photographic including Graduated Soft and other (Works only with of Photoshop.) the and without or creating ICC scanned, displayed, and About To and its software, the This information, warranty, and instructions the EPSON Information Loading of with or the Welcome! SM
Please follow these throughout: to injury. to to Notes information about hints about and Reference as below. the EPSON Information or the the EPSON Information to and that Follow the instructions the sheet to the EPSON Information already. You browsersuch as Microsoft or or or laterto the If using the correctly. the Double-click the EPSON Information Click Click title. the to replay or Click to EPSON
the EPSON Information Double-click the Click Reference You this Click topic to the of Click topic the to the of Click the topic to Click right to then topic. Click to Closed to Click to to topic If graphic when Reference click the to the graphic.
and Lights The below the of the buttons and lights. the instructions using the buttons. To indicated the lights, buttons buttons the and off. the the light or off. Loads or the head to the and to its Prints and to the lights lights On: turned On: of or sheets On: the indicated empty. or multiple-sheet-feed Cleans the head. the three seconds when the lights off. to the using the and the to automatically. of the the three seconds. charging or cleaning the head. the the indicated Lights the operation.
Loading You of as these Loading the below Loading Loading Loading and Printing Thick Loading the Follow these to and the the to the as the the the right of the the to lightly the the follow these the first, oriented the Its usually whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the this
Loading EPSON as follows: type Loading EPSON Enhanced of with beneath the of A3- or EPSON of of EPSON White EPSON sheets of of A3- or EPSON sheet EPSON feed EPSON Bright White to 0.3-inch thickness (about EPSON the following the instructions the instructions. the the of the to the If smears thicker with the to the Loading
Loading You to as below. each or the using the optional Black as shown, with the and the the right of the the the the to the Choose these software: as the or (Macintosh) Black or Black as the (Macintosh) The as the or (Macintosh) as the OS X), or OS to instructions. with the right Loading
Loading You these inches inches inches the the as shown, then the and protective from the of the the of the straight with corners. If the feeding the If the the backwards of to touching the of the thats the the top of the Then the the and the Loading
the to the the the the the then the other the the right. the of the the then the right to lightly the Dont the the top of the Dont the Loading
the the as as the the automatically. To that the straight, the cover and the If the crooked, the three seconds to back the the Then the to the Press the to clear the through to the If to the follow the to If follow the instructions to Loading If crooked, three seconds
the and Turn off the Press the the of the then the off its mounting first. the the top of the as shown, and both clicks the as shown, and the the of the Dont the than inches; this The to inches each printed. If the cloth the isnt attached both the free of the cloth the and the to the the Loading
the cloth the to to Turn the back the as below. the Cutting using the to the This affects only. and OS to Access the or OS to Then the or the OS to OS the OS Applications and EPSON Then SP Click the and Option Information You this (the Click the You Click The and this: the together and the the with the the and boxes. Then that the and Follow the instructions to and If smears the as Loading
Loading and Thick You thick such as EPSON the feed white, to 0.05-inch thick, and and smooth, with You cant thick the when with OS Turn off the and the and theyre You the or the Turn the (The to thick correctly.) the to the The light flashing of thick upin the feed the the the cover and the as the the Position the leading the about 0.4-inch the feeding straight; the slightly to the or right to straighten 0.4-inch Loading
the to the If the light flashes, the to the then the as the Source or as the Source (Macintosh) software or Macintosh). finished thick the to the Dont the this Loading
From to Follow the these sections to features: With OS X With OS to Selecting the Correct PRINT with Custom Profiles the right the and EPSON and EPSON UltraChrome Choose the right the the type of selected, the loaded.
software follow these to using the From the You this EPSON selected. Click the or Preferences (If or Then or Preferences the From to Click to software
Select the following the Select type Select Select or Click OK information about the or Click OK You to the Click OK or to this appears. to or and Select the type of rough with reduced Text text-only with Text with text and with higher and graphics with and or graphics with high Click to Click to or From to
Selecting the You apply to the currently If the Right-click the the right of Select You the shown Select the applications, then OK You the necessary. With OS If OS follow the below to (If follow the instead.) to as the From the the Format and and optional instructions. other then OK From to Select from the Format Select the and other to
using the selected matches the and within the choose than or than length. Select from the You this: the and the and chose the the as the Format option the and the option the If the Select from the pull-down Select the as the Click and From to
Select the following information about The OS of the with the OS to this You choose other selecting these options the pull-down to the of or to options to as PDF to ColorSync, the the or off the software to the and Summary to of selections Custom to selections (Not with OS Click From to Select type Select and and white photographs) or Black text Select Select Quality or
when it To the of the appears the On OS You this the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to If then the Priority arrow as to the finished, From to
With OS to selected the Chooser as the From the Select the following Click OK to the From the Select the following information about the From to SP Select Select the of or Select type Select and and white photographs) or Black text Select Select Quality or
You the following: Click to reduce or printed or Click to background then to Click Click to Click If turned background EPSON from the Application the right of the You this Select then to If background and to the and the From to Click to
On the the Advanced the right of the Click the The to the Advanced Select the following advanced as necessary: Select Quality as Click to type as To choose ICM first Once finished selecting advanced Click OK to to the and Click the to to the Click the and with to To when using Photoshop, with Custom Profiles information advanced or instructions them as them the or If to the Advanced each the this first From to
the following as necessary: Select or options Select or options these to information the or Click OK to to the and From to Select options and To sheets to
the OS to to the advanced OS to Click Custom then the Custom to OS to Click then choose ColorSync (to match with from the Custom information If finished selecting to To to To Advanced (OS X) or Custom then Advanced (OS to From to
Select these advanced as necessary: Click to type Select options To from the Click to type Select options Select information advanced or instructions them as them (OS X) or (OS to OS X: Click OS to Click OK to then OS to OS From to
Selecting the Correct Select the or what of and the accordingly. this and EPSON Bright White EPSON Enhanced Enhanced EPSON EPSON White White EPSON EPSON EPSON the following: as If to automatically, the and as If the the as Then follow the the sections to and and From to Select this or
Selecting Follow the of these sections to below OS X to and as necessary. Access the Select the type of as the option: If without the From to
Choose as the Source The Select the based the type of then OK of and Normal or and them or with Select the as the Dont of these when PhotoEnhance, or Margins, or Sheet or Source). Click OK Click OK or Follow the to From to or or selected to the of
OS and as necessary. Click Select of the following as the Format Select the as the of the or or Click OK to the Click to the Select Select the of the From to
the the that chose the the as the Format option the and the option the If the Select from the pull-down Select the type of as the option: Option from the pull-down You these options: From to Select the
Select the based the type of of and Selected Normal or and them or with finished, Follow the to to photo and as necessary. Click option Option Selected or Not or selected selected to the of From to
Choose as the Source Select the photo as the Select the of the based the type of of and Normal or and them or with Click OK to the Click to the From to or or selected to the of
Select the type of as the option: Click Follow the below to Printed If the and to finish. each of EPSON as the smeared the Press the once to feed the If using the the off. If the the the If to another the once the to the Follow the the section finished From to
and Press the three seconds. The backwards of the (If the this Turn the to the of the the Then the to off the light. To the and first off the the off the then the buttons top of the and off the From to
If the its right mounting then the and the of the Release the the mounting the of its mounting and the from the the to its resealable or glass-covered both and from high and sunlight. PRINT With PRINT instructions might include commands sharpness and clarity, while might focusing and tones. If PRINT (P.I.M. or P.I.M II), this when with of the following: Factory, as below P.I.M. II Photoshop, as below From to
Factory If PRINT P.I.M. II, or Print, these when with Factory to the reproduction. with P.I.M. isnt complicated, and the corrections right from P.I.M. to them yourself. the PRINT Matching checked. You Factory to and and instructions Factory, the on-screen Started Factory or the P.I.M. II Photoshop The P.I.M. II Photoshop allows to the P.I.M. or when JPEG or TIFF from P.I.M.- or The P.I.M. II with Photoshop and and Photoshop and to the ICC that with the or the Photoshop the PRINT Matching or information the header when P.I.M. or Instead, that information the and EPSON RGB This the P.I.M. and You with layers, with and selective to the P.I.M. while P.I.M. from (such as Contrast, Color, Also, to Photoshop another software as P.I.M. You to to of P.I.M. information other instructions the P.I.M. II the P.I.M. II From to
the the that matches the Choose PK the Black If the optional Black MK You with the the to the of the when that with the optional Black instructions Although and without these and (B), (A3), (A3), From to
Follow the operating below to and Access the Select or as the Quality Choose as the Source the type of as the Click the Select as the Select or as the Click OK Click OK or From to
OS and photo Click Select 2200(Sheet as the Format Select the of the as the of the or or Select of the or as the Click OK Click Select the Select the of the From to
the the that chose the 2200(Sheet the as the Format option the and the option the If the Select from the pull-down Select the type of as the option: the to the Quality Click From to Select the
to and photo Click the of the as the Select as the Source Click the Select or as the Click OK Click Select the type of as the Click From to
with Custom Profiles Follow the this section to with Photoshop (the instructions cover Photoshop to profile-building software to such as or GretagMacbeth follow the instructions these sections the Custom Profile below Creating Custom With Custom Custom Profile Follow these to each type to The this section the creation software and follow the instructions to and (If the software instructions.) ready to the OS Select from the then from the pull-down Click the or Preferences then the Advanced From to
Select the or the OS Click the Advanced to Click Custom then the Advanced that as the Quality though or higher that off the High and Edge Smoothing they From to
OS Select from the pull-down Then to Select Click the ICM button, then IMPORTANT! Select OS to Click OK to to the Click OK or to these to each type to Creating Custom Profile Follow the instructions with profile-building software (such as or GretagMacbeth to the printed. Once the to it the as recommended Microsoft or With Custom Profile Photoshop, and with the Photoshop instructions.) ColorMatch RGB or RGB as the RGB The of the and of the choose as the Source and Select as below the Then follow the the sections below. From to
OS Select with You this If necessary, the to the and Click More then Additional options appear: Source If the with as the option Select from the pull-down (such as SP2200 or Black the created and the Profile From to
the or Relative using Relative as the the of with reduces the of to them within the Select the Black Loading the Photoshop to the to the from the to leaving This the to and the the Click the Select from the Select the and other that they the that selected when created From to
Select from the pull-down Select IMPORTANT! Select that If the apply correction to the Click to photo. and OS to Select with If necessary, the to the and From to
Click More then Additional options appear: Source If the with as the option Select from the pull-down (such as SP2200 Select or Black Compensation Source If the with as the option Select from the (such as SP2200 Select or Relative Black Compensation the created and the Profile the or Relative as the the of with reduces the of to them within the Select the Black Compensation From to OS to
Loading the Photoshop to the to the from the to untouched. This the to and the the Click the Click the or Preferences Then the Advanced to Click Custom then the Advanced Select the and other that they the that selected when created OS to IMPORTANT! Select ICM, then IMPORTANT! Select From to
to Select then OK to the advanced Click the ICM then Click OK or to photo. If selected the of and these If than expected and turned off both Photoshop and the EPSON to the instructions Photoshop the Source option to RGB selected the the Profile pull-down If than expected and turned both Photoshop and the EPSON to the instructions and to the Advanced or to turn off EPSON From to
Follow the instructions this chapter to its and to necessary: Cleaning the Head below Cartridge the Interchangeable Cartridge the Head Cleaning the Cleaning the the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or or to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning This section to the head the Head Cleaning You clean the head holding the the three seconds (when lights off). least once month to quality.
the Head Cleaning the turned and the lights off. (If light flashing or to Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning OS to Choose or Click the Head Cleaning button. then the OS the Applications and EPSON SP the OK and Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light and lights flash. turn off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the light and lights flashing, the and Then The the section If the or (as shown If the white Clean to clean the head If cleaning three or four the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head
the the printed. should with as shown. If If (as shown), the head instructions. Cartridge light flashes, the indicated light to the indicated than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the lights off. You the Black the optional Black when and the and instructions. lights
Checking the To supply, the following: Double-click the the If this: OS to Choose then the OS Choose Applications EPSON SP2200 You this: Click to information about the Cartridges these EPSON within months of them and the the To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. Black T0341 Light Black T0347 T0342 Light T0345 T0343 Light T0346 T0344 Black (optional) T0348
or the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridge Precautions Warning: of the reach of If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with To the the head hand. You empty. the the obtained the the head Removing and Cartridges Once the the turned (the light should flashing). Then the cover. Press the The head the light flashes, and the light the or flashes or the cover. Press the the of the of the and of it SM
the four or its (Dont unpacked.) the from its Dont the the back of the operation and the its The with the board the back of the Press the clicks If to other through with the cover, then the cover. Press the The charging the The light and lights and the Charging about finished, the light flashing and and the lights turn off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than cover and cover, then Cartridge cover
the Interchangeable Cartridge The Black and optional Black with and Quality as below. type Enhanced White The Black with these types. You cant these as the software. Select as the or to with Bright White the Black or Black To the or Black Follow the and Cartridges to the the Confirm that the selected software, as the Highest Quality Black Highest Quality
Confirming the Cartridge the Software Whenever the Black and Black follow the this section to the software. Right-click the and the and Option Information You this Confirm that the selected as the Cartridge Option. If and click OK (If cant already selected.) You that and/or Quality with If the software and selecting as the OS You to from and then Dont the highlight the and to the from the Confirm selected Highlight the and
the the and the and its as and The should match the that with the as OS to the Chooser from the Apple Select SP then USB or the Chooser. and The should match the that with the as the Head If or light or to the head. Turn the least of the third
Right-click the the right of and Head OS to Choose or Click the then the Head OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP the OK and Head Follow the instructions the to You this On the the with the precisely top of each other. You to or Select each and Then the of the each the the Then Next If or the to another and this Follow the instructions the to the On the the with the least noticeable of white or the The as as the this This affects only high-speed this
If the least noticeable band, Next Then to If another that the then to another and and You this the the and of Enhanced Click to the first the and the as shown, with the right. Click to the and to the third You this On the the least each Select and Then the of the the the If the least the If the or to other clear the the with selected and Realignment. This another the checked; through to and
Cleaning the If smears the of the to clean the Turn the and the Right-click the the right of the then and Option Information OS to Choose or Click the then Option Information OS the OS Applications and EPSON Then SP and and Option Information Click the Cleaning You this: Click the Clean button. The about three inches of to clean the Cleaning the To its should clean Cleaning the Turn off the the cord, and the interface the then to the Clean the of the with cloth.
Cleaning the Turn the cleaning with the first. Press the to the If there the back of the this the cleanly. If theres the back of the sheet the third try, to the cleaning with with then to the Clean the as shown: Warning: Dont touch the or other the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the If the back of the Turn off the then cleaning the first. the cleaning with then to the the then and the to the The the cleaning slowly. While feeding the the cover, reach the and the rotating with the cleaning as shown. the ejected cleaning If and through Cleaning Clean
the If to the and its or Follow these Turn the then the to the head where the the cover, then the cover. To the the the of each and each of the each with the top facing upward. the sealable the cover. Press the to the head back to its (The lights to that installed.) the head the right then off the the from the Then the and from the from the then the and theyre the to the using Then the cover. to the the its location. the to the Cartridge cover
the the with as shown. vertically and to the and closed vertically. the and its the using the protective that with them. the as the the and as If quality, the head the head
to what the of Then these sections and Software Quality Uninstalling and Software Where To Its to free to Download instructions Parts and Interface and and pictured)
the lights below) or Lights Explanation light flashes The charging or cleaning the head. light flashes light light flashes light flashes light light flashes light light flashes light flashes light or flashing While sheets or the or If and the If or the the to the then off and then instructions, (sheet or instructions or or head Turn off the the to the and the the cover and or torn or Then of the following: the to the Turn the and the instructions. off the with then the and The indicated the light then follow the to The incorrectly. the the or If light the indicated of or If light flashing, the or with the Follow the to or the
Lights Explanation light off or flashes light flashes lights flashing or off light flashes light and lights You to whether from the or other Turn off and then the interface the the then and release the button. the the light flashes. showing the ROM and (If the to the head; If the the software interface or or software correctly. If the with the and If nothing or EPSON as Turn off the the interface then and The or incorrectly. If the light off, the light flashing, and the lights flashing, the correctly Press the to clear the If the and lights and the lights off, the Turn off the and the back If the light or EPSON; The Turn off the seconds, and If the lights or EPSON;
and and Software The installation. the charge its head or finished (the light flashing) off the or it the the completely and the Turn off the then back to clear the or the software. turned and its securely connected both Follow the the and the other including and protectors, and If the SP appear the Chooser, too items the Chooser. items. If with software If and the USB from the USB correctly. the USB properly If on-screen Reference instructions selected as the the
the light nothing the interface securely connected both and the as If the software correctly. If as on-screen Reference The sounds as though nothing The head cleaning; instructions. The properly or when or awhile. too the To high-resolution than the You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the Select or the Quality/Speed to (Macintosh). the Advanced MicroWeave off only) and High If connected to USB USB If the ECP/DMA increase the Click or the software
Quality You (light Clean the head; instructions. Select higher and turn off High or Select the or the of the whiter or the to thick The replacing; the head as or smeared. isnt curled, or with or sheet the specifications the Reference EPSON and absorption of EPSON the to thick the head as Clean the and/or the
or Clean the head; instructions. The or the or isnt dirty, or EPSON higher or higher Quality or Quality the head as Increase the or software You or Black off or selected when and white photographs. Clean the head; instructions. The or turning off PhotoEnhance. that If the or from the off EPSON or EPSON the or (Macintosh). exactly match on-screen to as as the Photoshop instructions If or the
or If the the Press the to the then the If when the or too thin. sheets feed correctly or the If or feed, from the the of the sheets, them the right of the and the the too tightly. Dont the arrow the If the If necessary, the cover and or torn and the Thick correctly or the follow the to the correctly or the the of the straight across. If the feed smoothly. If the curled, the of and backwards the the the the sheet the the and the force the Select as the Source as the Source to or as the Format and option OS X). Other too If the three seconds to the the necessary). If the light the button. the as
The inverted, as Turn off or the software, or the or (Macintosh) instructions. The selected the or the Chooser or Clean the head; instructions. You incorrect characters. the interface securely connected both and the selected the or the Chooser or If switch or USB with the directly to instead. The incorrect. the OS to or OS X). Choose the The within the of the Specifications on-screen Reference the right of the with the If the the as the correctly or sheets. Too that the option software or incorrect. the and options correctly.
Uninstalling and Software You to and then and operating You to other photo software or the EPSON Information Click and or to or EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall the EPSON and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. then the to software. OS to software CD-ROM. Double-click EPSON then the EPSON the that The appears. Click On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall Then the Uninstall the and follow the instructions. Macintosh, then the to software.
OS the Applications then the Select SP and the Macintosh, then the to software. Where To If with Factory, or the P.I.M. II Photoshop, the information below. with the other software that CD-ROM. EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services below: Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. of services hours To these services, tone telephone and EPSON SoundAdvice this to the EPSON SoundAdvice. SM
Please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Product (located the back of the and its of purchase (such as and of purchase and operating of the You purchase and from the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Technical Other Software with the software CD-ROM, these Software or Telephone AM to PM to or AM to PM Eastern to
and Notices To and its software, that has: Microsoft PC with II or or or XP) or III recommended) 128MB or of RAM recommended 200MB or of free recommended VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD the software USB Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to with D-SUB, and IEEE-1394 IEEE-1394 or interface and IEEE-1394 To and its software, that has: Apple G3 or G4, or OS through OS or OS or recommended) 128MB or of RAM recommended 200MB or of free recommended VGA or CD-ROM or DVD the software USB shielded USB AB or interface and
Instructions these instructions to and effectively: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the and from of interference, such as or telephone locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the least inches the back of the and the the or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or or the its or upside-down. This allow to from the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the off the Dont switch off the or the the light off. or cover the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. and Notices
Cartridge Instructions of the reach of when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or touch the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of first them. cool, with the of the facing from allow to least three hours or from its from its this or tear the this the or try to them. This the head. the IC the of the This and If the from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding Instructions Turn off the attaching or the the of the reach of the where the or the and Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 and Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: B141A NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused and Notices
Inc. Warranty What Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the purchaser that the EPSON covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and from workmanship and of from the of purchase. EPSON warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON warranty service, of the of purchase. What EPSON To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. EPSON service telephone service to whether the service. If service EPSON its option, or the without charge or If EPSON authorizes the EPSON to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations You securely the and to EPSON within of of the EPSON or to the of the the that to the If repaired, EPSON to to EPSON or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the EPSON authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes EPSON property. The or or refurbished to the EPSON of and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not Cover This warranty apply to refurbished or reconditioned products. This warranty covers the United States and This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the EPSON caused or manufactured, distributed or EPSON. This warranty cover ribbons, or third or to the EPSON its from EPSON, or boards or EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. and Notices SM
THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to Inc. P. O. CA and Notices
and Notices
EPSON and Cartridges EPSON and to the that earned of their awards! EPSON specially coated to with EPSON UltraChrome about of and EPSON ideas: Enhanced Enhanced the choice photographers heavyweight without finish. which highlight and With thick base, this art offers of and art photography. this as this EPSON Cartridges the back cover of EPSON and and information. This RC that those of Its E and thickness photographic and EPSON the back cover of
To EPSON and To EPSON and other or the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please EPSON Cartridges Black T0341 T0343 Light Black T0347 Light T0346 T0342 T0344 Light T0345 Black (optional) T0348 EPSON EPSON Bright White inches) S041586 EPSON Enhanced inches) S041341 EPSON inches) S041331 EPSON White inches) S041351 EPSON inches) S041405 EPSON inches) S041286 EPSON inches) S041636 of location. or instructions to the or A3 inches) S041343 inches) S041339 inches) S041327 inches S041329 A3 inches) S041406 inches) S041407 inches S041408 inches S041409 inches) S041290 A3 inches) S041288 inches) S041289 inches, S041682 inches, S041464 inches, S041465 inches, S041466 inches S041302 inches S041376 inches S041378 inches) S041637