cover cover front (closed) thickness shield interface front front cover cover Connector cover Connector cover screws C.B. screw cover plate release cover cover assembly assembly thickness cover cover assembly Rear Rear Rear tractor Rear assembly Ribbon Ribbon S015086 High-capacity cut-sheet (C80673 to of or the without reloading. You of single-sheet to inch thick this Second-bin cut-sheet (C80674 to the high-capacity cut-sheet to cut-sheet You to sheets of ordinary single-sheet the second-bin cut-sheet (C80032 and reduces the chance of tractor with and and high-quality graphics. Allows to with 8.5-inch that with The the of the which country. EPSON LQ-2080 EPSON LQ-2080
EPSON LQ-2080 Optional Interface Cards You optional interface to built-in interface and compatibility. The EPSON interface the below with (Not interfaces C82305 C82306 interface C82307 C82308 32KB interface C82310 C82311 32KB interface C82312 interface C82313 32KB IEEE-488 interface C82314 interface C82315 interface C82345 IEEE-1284 interface C82357 C82362 Ethernet C82364 The the which country. Specifications Mechanical High-speed Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected software commands. 1/6-inch or 1/360-inch quality) graphics) EPSON LQ-2080 Interfaces One bidirectional, interface with IEEE and optional interface Friction (front or top entry) inches/second capacity High-capacity cut-sheet to of to or to to of to inch thick The thickness of the to inch The thickness of the to inch 64KB or 0KB the or the EPSON (front or entry) (optionalfront, or and tractor (optional) Cut-sheet (optional) (optional) 1/6-inch Second-bin cut-sheet to of
EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON OCR-B EPSON EPSON Orator-S EPSON C Character and graphical character graphical character countries) Character international character and character head) MTBF POH duty) and Height inches Ribbon Black (S015086) Scalable EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET head inches inches Ribbon characters (LQ, dots/character) to to Rated to to Rated the character type) (ISO/IEC This IT with Phase to Phase to V. the the back of the the to F to C) to RH to F to C) to RH and only and as follows: to F to C) Humidity to RH that or or curled. front, top, and cut-sheet and top to inches to High cut-sheet to inches to cut-sheet to inches to to inches to Top to inches to High cut-sheet to inches to cut-sheet to inches to EPSON LQ-2080 EPSON LQ-2080 to (without the character type)
EPSON LQ-2080 Thickness to inch to to to Single-sheet front, top, and cut-sheet and top to inches to High-capacity cut-sheet to inches to to inches to Top to inches to High-capacity cut-sheet to inches to to Thickness to inch to to to the top of (both front and top entry) (front only) top only inches inches Thickness to inch to to to Postcards: front and top to inches to inches Top to inches to Thickness inch EPSON LQ-2080 and front, rear, and to inches to to inches to to Thickness Printable to inch to Perforated to inch to to of to to or both (front, or entry) thick straight path, them the front Continuous with front and inches inch sheet to inches to to inches to sheet thickness to inch to thickness to inch to with optional only inch Thickness to inch to to to
the arrow The to the of the arrow Rear the The to the of the Printable sheets, and The top and inch The and right inch The inches The inches than inches the increase to match the of the The top and and below the perforation) inch The and right inch The The inches than inches the increase to match the of the EPSON LQ-2080 EPSON LQ-2080
EPSON LQ-2080 The top and inch The and right inch The inches UL CSA C22.2 EMI FCC CSA C108.8 EN (TV) EMI EN (CISPR AS/NZS Acoustic (A) (ISO CE Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC EPSON LQ-2080 and Lights Font Selects the Font lights Indicate which selected. the light Lights when the temporarily, and when light On when the Flashes when the the light On when the selected or correctly. Flashes when ejected or occurred. Tear Advances to the tear-off from the tear-off to the top-of-form Selects cut-sheet when the cut-sheet the to and Tear lights when the tear-off o when of the optional cut-sheet selected. o when of the optional cut-sheet selected. when the the o off, flashing
LF/FF Ejects or to the top-of-form when Load/Eject Loads sheet of Ejects sheet of sheet loaded. from the to the the three seconds, the the the the top-of-form or tear-off with the and buttons. the and off. The off when the top of this with the protectors. You the lights the If and or lights or flashing or the the following to and the State of lights The Press the to from another currently the path. the release back to the and the to feed the of the path. Then the to the to Press the to off the light, necessary. State of lights the selected Continuous to the The head overheated. Tear Font flashing of (three of The once when the function EPSON LQ-2080 EPSON LQ-2080 the Then the to off the light, necessary. The correctly. and correctly. Then the to off the light, necessary. the Clear the Tear off the the perforation; then the Load/ The the to the Press the to off the light. of ejected. Press the to the Then the to turn off the light, necessary. the Clear the the once the head unknown occurred. Turn off the and off then the If the
EPSON LQ-2080 The EPSON with only with Microsoft and It allows to when and troubleshooting instructions when Top-of-Form The top-of-form the where the of single-sheet or The ABC the top-of-form Tear-off the tear-off when the perforation with the tear-off You easily tear off when this the when attached to the tractor the EPSON LQ-2080 Paths of and single-sheet this section, the from the top, front, or rear. Select the that Continuous You choose from three tractor (front rear and and three (front, rear, and This section which and tractor If to tear off of purchase or to tractor. This allows to the tear-off to easily tear off sheets of the perforation. Also, when tractor, of from the without the There tractor front and rear. The tractors the front and when the shipped. the below about the and the paper-feeding The tractor the rear Tractor front To the front tractor, to purchase the optional tractor (C80032*), and the front To this tractor, the front If thick such as or with the the front the from this straight. This reduces the chance of To this tractor, the thick straight path, them the front with the rear The off their the and
tractor (optional) If often thick or heavy such as or with the The tractor the and allows to from the rear, or of the the tear-off with the tractor. If to tractor, purchase the optional (C80032 and the shown the below, three with the front, and rear. front If thick such as or with using the front the from this straight. This reduces the chance of the the straightest path, thick such as or with the to with enough that the through without obstruction. You the the thick straight path, them the front with the The off their the and the and tractors To feeding and reduce tractors the This helpful or and high-quality graphics. using tractors the front the front and the tractors, or the the and the tractors. Combination front and and EPSON LQ-2080 EPSON LQ-2080 To the front tractor with the tractor, to purchase optional (C80032 Mount the the front and To the tractor with the tractor, to purchase the optional tractor (C80032*), and the thick straight path, them the front with the tractor when with the tractor. If with the rear tractor, the off their the and
EPSON LQ-2080 top and front. the front or tractor, sheets the top or front without the This section which single-sheet Loading the top You ordinary sheets, single-sheet or the top the top Loading the front You ordinary single-sheet or the front the front to single-sheet that bound the EPSON LQ-2080 Release You the from such as the front tractor or the You the release to the to The below each release release You of the front and tractors, and easily switch them using the release the release the to the the to the Single-sheet single-sheet from the top or front Rear from the the the to this when the and tractors from the tractor the front the to this when the front and tractors tractor from the tractor top of the the the tractor the the front, rear, or release
Thickness the thickness allows the to thicknesses of The thickness located the cover. You of the to the the following to the thickness to match the thickness of type sheets or or Thin or Carbonless with: Continuous with through If the smeared, to the thickness higher to If the or to the thickness to quality. thickness Loading You of to (four the the thickness to the based the of layers with thick such as straight or straight path. It to the front and the front tractor the front or and the the thickness the ordinary inch thickness the and to inch the perforated and as follows: to F to C) to RH that curled, or Loading with that mounted sheets with with tractor the feed properly. Thick such as with straight or straight path. You the front or tractor) or tractor) however, the the and the front or EPSON LQ-2080 EPSON LQ-2080
EPSON LQ-2080 You the ordinary the thickness to with the the from the curved; off their sheet the and the tear-off the Tear or turning the tear-off to feed with backward; they off their and the to and humidity, them operating as follows: to F to C) to 60%RH with that curled, or the they around the and when Removing with To off the and the follow the below when with from the tear off the fresh supply of the perforation the the LF/FF to the from the the or Tear backward, easily off the and EPSON LQ-2080 the Tractor (optional) To the front tractor, to purchase the optional (C80032*), and the front information when to the front tractor, Paths The tractor the only when the shipped. the front tractor, purchase the optional tractor (C80032*). the the front If the front to the section, Loading the front tractor. If tractor the to and the To the the front follow these the turned off. the front the the of the Then the both and straight of the the tractor the mounting and both of the to that seated. You ready to the front tractor as the section.
Loading the front To the front tractor, follow these the front the the of the Then the both and straight of the that the the front the release to the front tractor Then the thickness to thickness. Release the and right the backward. the to the of the arrow the the arrow Then the to and Printable information the the right to match the of the the as shown both covers. clean, straight and the first four of the the Then the covers. the right to the then the EPSON LQ-2080 EPSON LQ-2080
EPSON LQ-2080 the front the mounting as shown below, and the front the to the of the top the and covers closed. the cover The when the cover Turn the You to and the the the and The the the back of the follow the the section to tear off If the first appears too high or this using the as the Top-of-Form the to the top-of-form while the turned this the or to the top-of-form The when the turned off only. EPSON LQ-2080 the from the front To the follow these the Tear/Off lights flashing. (This that the tear-off You to the Tear to the to the tear-off the cover, and tear off the the tear-off of the If the perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off using the the tear-off the to the tear-off while the turned this the or to the tear-off The when the turned off only. the cover. the the back to the top-of-form and To the from the the to the to the Then the covers of the tractor and the tear off the feeding
the front To the tractor from the front follow these from the as the previous section. Turn off the the front the the of the Then the both and straight of the Press the the tractor and of the the front the mounting Then the front the Rear Tractor To the tractor, the information when to the tractor, Paths Loading the If the to and the To to thick the front or and or front tractor. To the tractor, follow these the turned off. the cover and the cover the release to the rear Then the thickness to thickness. EPSON LQ-2080 EPSON LQ-2080 with the rear the off their the and
EPSON LQ-2080 Release the and right the the to the of the using the the the arrow Then the back to information the and Printable the right to match the of the the as shown both covers. clean, straight and the first four of the the Then the covers. EPSON LQ-2080 front of the front of the front of the the right to the then the back. the and the to the of the Then the cover the cover The when the cover Turn the You to and the the the and The the the back of the follow the the section to tear off If the first appears too high or this the as the Top-of-Form the to the top-of-form while the turned this the or to the top-of-form The when the turned off only.
the from the To the follow these the Tear lights flashing. (This the tear-off You to the Tear to the to the tear-off the cover, and tear off the the tear-off of the If the perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off the information, the tear-off the to the tear-off while the turned this the or to the tear-off The when the turned off only. the cover. To the from the the to the to the Then the covers of the tractor and the the the back to the top-of-form and tear off the feeding the Tractor the the tractor the thick and heavy such as or with the tear-off with the tractor. the tractor from the rear this with thick straight path; the from the curved. To to the front or the tractor the To the the optional (C80032 To the front tractor, the front tractor The the when the shipped. The To tractor the follow these the off. the cover and off the the each of the and the and off the the EPSON LQ-2080 EPSON LQ-2080 with the the off their the and
EPSON LQ-2080 the tractor the mounting and both of the tractor to that seated. You ready to the tractor as the section. Loading the using the tractor, the front or the increase the chance of To the tractor, follow these the turned off and the cover that the the to the of the the release to the front Then the thickness to thickness. EPSON LQ-2080 Release the and right the the to the of the the the the arrow Then the back to and Printable information the the right to match the of the the as shown Then both covers. clean, straight
the the front, or rear as below the and the Then the the perforation the first and with the top of the ribbon. the front the front Then the the the Then the four of the the both Then the covers. the right to the then the back. If the front the front with the as shown below. Then If the the and the together the of the front Turn the the and the top-of-form the LF/FF or the (To the the Top-of-Form The the without the the cover and the cover. the The when the You to and the the the and shown below, the the the back of the the cover; then tear off the the perforation the tear off EPSON LQ-2080 EPSON LQ-2080 the to the or to the top-of-form while the this the or it to the top-of-form The only when the turned off. from the otherwise reduced.
EPSON LQ-2080 Removing from the tractor tear off the of the perforation the tear off the LF/FF to the from the tractors and You tractors the to reduce and feeding. You both the front and tractors the front or both the rear and tractors the To the tractor with the tractor, to purchase the optional (C80032*). To the front and tractor, to purchase optional tractors (C80032*). the optional tractors as the the front and the the The tractor the To tractors, follow these the cover and the front or and tractor the the release to the front or which Then the thickness to thickness. the front or to EPSON LQ-2080 Turn the Press the Load/Eject to the to the top-of-form Then the LF/FF the perforation the first and with the top of the ribbon. the to the top-of-form while the this the or to the top-of-form The only when the turned off. the to the as Loading the tractor the release to the tractor Then the the and tractors using the necessary. the release back to the tractor the top-of-form the as the Top-of-Form The the without the the to the or to the top-of-form while the turned this the or to the top-of-form The when the turned off. from the otherwise reduced. the Then the to the of the the and the cover. the cover The when the cover You to and the the the and shown below, the the the back of the the cover; then tear off the the perforation the
the To the tractor from the follow these the tractor. Turn off the Then the cover and the and off the Press the tractor the and off the the tractor or the front the lowering the mounting Then both of the clicks the and cover. Then the cover. Switching Continuous and With the easily switch back and forth and without to or Switching to sheets To switch to with the front or tractor, follow the below. If with the it switching to single-sheet Removing with If the from switching to single-sheet from the tractor of that the Press the Tear to them to the tear-off and tear them off. Press the to feed the to the The attached to the tractor the path. sheets the top or front Switching to To switch to with the front or tractor, follow these If the the to that the the to the front or as The the when EPSON LQ-2080 EPSON LQ-2080 Tear off the the feeding the to while the this the or it to the tear-off the to while the turned this the The when the turned off.
EPSON LQ-2080 the Top-of-Form The top-of-form where the the If appears too high or follow the below to the to the top-of-form the to the top-of-form while the turned this the or to the top-of-form The when the off only. top-of-form off the The top software the top-of-form with the If necessary, the top-of-form software. the If necessary, the to If tractor, the to the to the top-of-form the cover and off the the about three seconds. The light flashes and the the Press the LF/FF to the top-of-form the or the to the top-of-form the the to the top-of-form while the turned this the or to the top-of-form The when the turned off only. cover The and top-of-form If try to these the and the the reaches the top-of-form the and moving the You the as reference when the top-of-form EPSON LQ-2080 To the top-of-form the tractor, the following inch the perforation; then the that the with the top of the cover. This inch the which the inch below the perforation. If inch the perforation, inch the the top-of-form the to the Advancing the to the Tear-Off Edge If the front or tractor, the tear- off to to the tear-off when You then easily tear off the the the back to the top-of-form that the normally the section, the tear-off manually the Tear or turning the tear- off If the perforation with the tear- off the of the perforation the instructions, the tear-off the tear-off the Tear or turning the tear-off to with backward; they off their and the inch inch
the Tear the finishes that the Tear lights flashing. Then the Tear The Tear lights flashing and the the to the tear-off If the Tear lights flashing, the the tear-off If the Tear the to the top-of-form Advancing to the tear-off To to the tear- off to the tear-off and the the instructions, About tear-off the the to the tear-off whenever of or the tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the to the perforation to the tear-off Follow the below. the to the tear-off while the turned this the or to the tear-off The when the turned off only. tear-off off the the Tear lights flashing (the the tear-off If necessary, the Tear to the to the tear- off the cover. the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the Press the LF/FF to the backward, or the to the the perforation with the tear-off The and tear-off If to the tear-off these the and the the tear-off the to off the Tear off the the the back to the top-of-form and EPSON LQ-2080 EPSON LQ-2080 tear-off-edge
EPSON LQ-2080 the Ribbon Cartridge Warning: If the the head it cool the the off and from the the head while the the the turned off. If the connected to from the the cover its back and then straight and off. the head to the (the of the hand. the tractor, the when the head the If the and slightly and the from the the head. Properly of the EPSON LQ-2080 the from the the from the of the and the Then the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. ribbon-tightening the with the ribbon-tightening the front notches of the the each of the as shown below. Then the that the notches the Gently the both the of the and the the head the or creased and that the head. Press the clicks ribbon-tightening
To the ribbon, turn the ribbon- the of the arrow shown Then the head from to to smoothly. the cover. Clearing To clear follow these Press the to off the If single-sheet of the the cover. If from the the If the tear off the fresh supply the perforation the Turn the the right of the from to the the of the the right of the to clear when the off. the or the top-of-form or tear-off the cover, and the necessary. Then the cover. Press the to the the and lights off. The While often these through software or to from the using the The following the (highlighted and the options the To the the section, front inches: tractor* inches: tractor* perforation On, tear off On, On, I/F Optional I/F seconds seconds Software ESC/P2 IBM Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO other Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO 1T, PC ISO PC LAT, PC UKR, PC APTEC, PC PC PC AR864, PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO International character U.S.A Germany, U.K., Italy, Spain1 High-speed On On On CR (IBM On, A.G.M. (IBM On, Font OCR-B Orator-S, C, T, On, The options the country. These when IBM selected. EPSON LQ-2080 EPSON LQ-2080
EPSON LQ-2080 Follow the below to the and the To the selection and instructions, three sheets of or single-sheet or three of that least inches and inches If sheets, to of each the You the turning off the when the and the turned off. Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the the while the to turn the The the and the selection instructions Press the Font the Font lights the as the selection instructions. Press the to the instructions the selected. The instructions the to them, and the lights Follow these instructions to the using the buttons the The the instruction sheets the the to off the and the them EPSON LQ-2080 Printout If that the properly the bidirectional to this To the below, four sheets of or four of that least inches and inches If sheets, to of each the the Follow these to the bidirectional and the turned off. Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the While holding the the to the The the bidirectional and then instructions and the first of the instructions, the and the with the Follow the instructions to the of and the with the each the the of the to off the and the bidirectional selections automatically.
the whether the or the the of You the or that least inches such as To follow these and the turned off. off the least seconds turning back otherwise the To the using the the LF/FF while the to the To the using the the Load/Eject while the the of however, the than the seconds, the the and the of characters printed. To temporarily the the To the the If the satisfactory, the properly and the from or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the and and to the To the the to and the to the Then off the If or to isolate the and software the received from the as You or that least inches such as or To follow these and the off. To both the LF/FF and buttons while the to the software and to the the If characters they appear the right as ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as the characters the right with the of the the the receiving. To the to and the to the Then off the EPSON LQ-2080 EPSON LQ-2080 Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the
EPSON LQ-2080 Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly Follow these the turned off. Then the the If or optional to and from the outer and If the or with cloth with the cover and the the top of the to from the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the EPSON think EPSON LQ-2080 Transporting the If to using the and as below. Warning: You to the head to the If the the head cool touching Turn off the the from the then the interface from the the and the the from the If tractor If options them and them their boxes. that the head Then the the the protective locking both of the Then the the that with the front the screw the screwdriver that with the the and the and them the Related EPSON LQ-2080 Reference EPSON LQ-2080 EPSON LQ-2080 Unpacking TM-LQ2080 EPSON LQ-2080 Service PL-LQ2080 EPSON LQ-2080