Copyright and rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. and service of Corporation. Microsoft, and of Microsoft Corporation. Apple and of Apple Inc. Notice: Other only and of their and rights those This information to without CPD-27743 America, Inc. Copyright and
Instructions Instructions of the instructions this section using the Also, to follow and instructions the the the following when the or cover the and the the type of indicated the the that with the of another fire or shock. The with the only. with other fire or shock. AC the the as or that switch and off. outlets switches or timers. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. or cord. If with the that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the outlet the to service the yourself. Instructions
the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the casing the normally or performance. connecting the to or other with the of the the both the If to the the or If there the them with of the and the when the to the from becoming Also, that the attached correctly the Choosing the the following when choosing the the that the of the If the the least inches the back of the and the The properly or the its or from the enough front of the the to ejected. to and humidity. Also, the from sunlight, light, or heat to shocks, or enough around the to allow the outlet where the easily the the following when using the Instructions
touching the the instructed to this through the the to the the white the the products that or around this Doing fire. the head hand; otherwise, the the off the the this pressed, the light flashes. the or off the to the outlet the light flashing. the that the head the right) to when closing the cover. Cartridges the following when of the reach of children and the If off with and If them immediately with Instructions
the seconds (that previously) with too force. the the the within months of or the This operation and cool, from allow to least three hours the IC the of the This and The IC this of related-information, such as the that the and freely. each the the If the supply from and and the as this that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding and Notes and Notes this as follows: to Instructions
to to Notes information and the operation of the Instructions
Chapter Software of and The choose from of to the and the the and it top operating Accessing the You the from the or the To that apply to the the from that To that apply to of applications, the from the or the to the following sections to the of the this from XP. From Applications Click or the the that appears, Preferences or to or of these buttons.) From the Click the and Devices and and Click the and then from the and Sound (If the Software
XP and Click then and (If the and Other then and Click to then Right-click the the and and Select the and then Select XP, and Select the then Preferences the From the Shortcut the Right-click the the then To shortcut to the first the from the as Next, the the button, and then the Preferences the Preferences the Select Shortcut Information through You items the from or the Accessing the the of the following Right-click the then Click the the top right of the then the item XP and only). Accessing the OS The below to the Software
to Access It Click the of Click the of EPSON You this software the following three Utility3 information through Click the the Uninstalling the Software Uninstalling the You to computers operating with with the If operating or the to the or the the OS and the appear the Double-click the EPSON Utility3 the Applications HD. Select the from the then OK Click from choose the that displayed, then the This when the shared. OS the Applications then the and the or Select the from the then the or Software
To and account and the as To XP, to account. To as with to the group). Turn off the and its interface and and Click the and XP and Click and Click to and and and Click Uninstall from the and then EPSON Software from the XP and Select and then EPSON Software from the and and Click Uninstall/Change XP, and Click Change/Remove the and OK Click OK to the OS To the to account. You as account applications. the software CD-ROM Software
Double-click the OS the The CD displayed. Click Custom Select If the Authenticate appears, or phrase and OK the software and Select Uninstall from the the and Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the OS If the of the or Utility, the from and Uninstalling the To and account and the as To XP, to account. To as with to the group). Turn off the and its interface and and Click the and XP and Click then Click to and and and Click Uninstall from the XP, and Select or Software
this from the and and Click Uninstall/Change XP, and Click Change/Remove Click OK OS To the to account. You as account the software CD-ROM Macintosh. Double-click the OS the The CD displayed. Click Custom Select Select Uninstall from the the and Uninstall Follow the instructions to the Software
You with of coated used. that formulated the and recommends these to high-quality and distributed the instruction sheets with the first and the following the the and the front The whiter or the instruction with the information. If the curled, or slightly the to smear coated which to Loading to the below the of and other Loading Capacity Bright White to sheets
to Rear sheet Loading Capacity to sheets to sheets with the optional Bright White to to Double-Sided Quality to to If the curled, or slightly the the fits the arrow the the and thickness of the The capacity of sheets. You purchase and SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Loading Follow these to
the front The B-310N and the front shown throughout. If the (optional the B-310N) attached instead of the front its cover and the and them they of then to the MODIFY TO SHOW LETTER SIZE
the with the the of Doing the from feeding smoothly. the and them the they click. If the attached instead of the front its cover. Gently the the
To force the front or the and the the and the enough front of the the to ejected. the fits the arrow the The with the Rear the and the
the to the of then to the the with the the right of the Then the the of the enough front of the the to ejected. the first, when landscape-oriented the of Doing the from feeding smoothly. the fits the arrow the
the Optional the with the right of the and as shown. You to sheets of to or the when or the Loading Follow these to the
and the the to the first with the facing and to the Then the the of the The thickness of and their to widely. If the thickness of the of inch the to them If when of loaded, You to the
that or the the leading of the that too thin, as they instructions, the following instructions. the The located the front the and then the the to from off the The capacity of the sheets. Selecting the Correct or The the type of That why the type or type It what of using and the coverage accordingly. The below the should choose this Select this type type) Paper/Bright White Bright White Double-Sided Envelope
Chapter Introduction This section through the procedures of to of to of
to Loading to the section below Loading to the section below. the to Access the
Accessing the Click the then of the following Quality Option rough with reduced Text text-only with higher text Text higher with and Select the as the Source Select the Selecting the Correct or Select the You the Select or to the of Click OK to the
You both of the Double-Sided OS and Follow these to the to Access the Accessing the OS X Click the to this
Select the as the and then to of the items this If the of and then
Select from the the that to to of Selecting the Correct or Click to OS the to Access the
Accessing the OS X Select the as the Format and then Click OK to the Access the Accessing the OS X Select the as the Then the
Select from the the that to to of Selecting the Correct or Click to the You to the to the of the If that the within the of the
Loading to the section below Loading to the section below. Follow these to Access the Accessing the Click the then the Quality Option
Select the as the Source Select the Selecting the Correct or Select the You the Select or to the of Click OK to the completing the and the OS and Follow these to the Accessing the OS X Click the to this
the as the and then to of the items this If the of and then
Select from the the that to to of Selecting the Correct or completing the and the OS Follow these to Access the
Accessing the OS X Select the using as the Format and then Click OK to the Access the Accessing the OS X Select the as the Then the
Select from the the that to to of Selecting the Correct or completing the and the Loading to the section below
Loading to the section below the Access the Accessing the Click the then of the following Quality Option Text Text to the Select Rear as the Source Envelope as the
Select the from the You the Select as the Click OK to the OS and Follow these to the Accessing the OS X Click the to this Select the using as the and then as the You the
as the to of the items this If the of and then
Select from the Envelope as the other that to to of Click to OS Access the
Accessing the OS X Select the as the Format Select the as the You the Select as the Click OK to the Access the Accessing the OS X Select the as the then the
Select from the Select Envelope as the other that to to of 11.Click to Canceling If to follow the instructions the section below. the the Press the to Canceling from the appears
Click the to Canceling from OS Follow the below to Click the the the that
Click the to the
Chapter with Introduction You with of such as and Double-Sided both of the to or reduce the of to the selected the to with
or four of Sheet only) to or sheets of and then only) only) text or as each of only) with
Double-sided of and both of the only), using the Without the the first. Once these printed, them to the the of the with
allows to The that appear the the first. The that appear the then the the You and the first of and the and and the third these sheets the rear then and the back of the first of and the back of the and and the back of the third The then and bound together the of to the that the the and the amount of to and through to the other of the The of the smeared with
Double-sided Double-sided the Unit) Follow the below to and of the the The the B-510DN and as option the B-310N. and Bright White only. Thick Access the Accessing the Click the then of the following Quality Option rough with reduced Text text-only with
Text higher with and Graphic higher graphics and Select the as the Source Select Paper/Bright White as the Selecting the Correct or Select the or to the of Select Click OK to Click OK or to to both of the printed. Double-sided the Unit) or heavy text both of the the and to from through to the other You the to allow and Bright White only. Access the Accessing the Select the Quality Option, and Double-sided the Unit) with
Click the Select to the function. Click to the Select the type as the Select with
Specify the and Increased Drying as the both of the reduce the and increase the to quality. Click OK to to the Click Margins to the Margins 10.Specify the of the where the placed. You choose Top or Right 11.Choose or inch as the Unit Then specify the of the You from to inches or to The from the specified with sheets to the 12.Click OK to to the Then OK to the then the from Loading to both of the printed. Double-sided Follow the below to and of the with
Access the Accessing the Click the then of the following Quality Option rough with reduced Text text-only Text higher with text and Graphic higher graphics and Select Rear as the Source the Selecting the Correct or with
Select the Select or to the of Click the Select to function. Click Margins to the Margins with
10.Specify the of the where the placed. You choose Top or Right 11.Choose or inch as the Unit Then specify the of the You from to inches, or from to The from the specified with sheets to the 12.Click OK to to the Then OK to the then the from Instructions the displayed while the printed. Loading 14.Follow the on-screen instructions to the The to the amount of used. Should this slightly the the them. the sheet its the Follow the on-screen instructions when the or the incorrect. If to the following. The 15.Once the reloaded, to the Double-sided OS and Double-sided the Unit) Follow the below to and of the the only. Thick with
Access the EPSON Utility3 Accessing the OS X Click the and Option Information with
that displayed the Information section, and then OK the EPSON Utility3 Access the Accessing the OS X Click the to this Printing with
Select the as the and then to of the items this If the of and then with
Select from the Select Paper/Bright White as the other that to to of with
11.Select from the 12.Select the 13.Select the 14.Select of the This and Drying If high-density such as or the the and Loading with
Double-sided OS Double-sided the Unit) Follow the below to and of the using the only. Thick the EPSON Utility3 Accessing the OS X Click the and Option Information that displayed the Information section, and then OK the EPSON Utility3 Access the Accessing the OS X Select the as the Format Select A4 or B5 as the Select the and OK to the with
Access the Accessing the OS X 10.Select from the 11.Select Bright White as the the that to to of with
13.Select from the 14.Select the 15.Select the of the This and Drying If high-density such as or the the and Loading Double-sided only) the following to function when with
Access the Accessing the Click the then of the following Quality Option rough with reduced Text text-only Text higher with text and Graphic higher graphics and Select as the Source Select the Selecting the Correct or with
Select the Select or to the of Click the and Then the Click Margins to the Margins with
Specify the of the where the placed. You choose Top or Right as the the or Right The Top when Landscape as the 10.Choose or inch as the Unit Specify the of the Folding Margin You from to inches, or from to The specified both of the inch inch of inch each of the 11.Click OK to to the Then OK to the then the from Instructions the displayed while the printed. Loading 13.Follow the on-screen instructions to the The to the amount of used. Should this slightly the the them. the its the with
Follow the instructions when the or the incorrect. If to the following. The 14.Once the reloaded, to the 15.Once the and them together using or other to You the to function when to another to to the select. You manually. Access the with
Accessing the Click the then of the following Quality Option rough with reduced Text text-only Text higher with and Graphic higher graphics and Select the as the Source the Selecting the Correct or Select the with
Select or to the of Click the then the Reduce/Enlarge of the following: If selected the of the from the If selected the arrows to choose Click OK to the the and the OS and the with
Accessing the OS X Click the to this the as the and then to of the items this If the of and then with
Select from the Select the to that the displayed Destination with
Select from the the that to to of Selecting the Correct or completing the and the OS Access the with
Accessing the OS X Select the as the Format and then Click OK to the Access the Accessing the OS X Select the as the then the with
from the Select to as the Destination Select the from the Select from the the that to to of with
Selecting the Correct or completing the and the allows to or four of Access the with
Accessing the Click the then of the following Quality Option rough with reduced Text text-only Text higher with text and Graphic higher graphics and the as the Source Select the Selecting the Correct or Select the with
Select or to the of Click the then from the following Prints or four of of Prints around the each Allows to the which the the sheet of the the Click OK to the completing the and the with
OS and Access the Accessing the OS X Click the to this the as the and then to of the items this If the of and then with
from the Select from the following Prints of of Allows to specify the which the Direction the of Prints around the each You choose from Thin or Thin You choose from or with
Select from the the that to to of Selecting the Correct or completing the and the OS Access the with
Accessing the OS X Select the using as the Format and then Click OK to the Access the Accessing the OS X Select the as the then the with
from the Select from the following Prints of of You choose from or Allows to specify the which the Direction the of Prints around the each You choose from Thin or Thin with
Select from the the that to to of Selecting the Correct or completing the and the only) allows to to cover sheets of with
Access the Accessing the Click the then of the following Quality Option rough with reduced Text text-only Text higher with text and Graphic higher graphics and Select the as the Source the with
Selecting the Correct or Select the or to the of Click the and then Click the or arrow to or with
Click to the printed. The the following Prints Prints the to when the If to of the without the the that to 10.Click OK to the completing the and the Then follow the instructions. to from Printouts Slightly the and that the precisely. with
to from Printouts of to with selected and selected as the off the of through the of the top and the of Sheet top of and the then temporarily the sheets together from the back: the sheets through the (this to the of the with
the of the the and them together from the back: the instructions from to to and together. the instructions from to to the top and of the off the only) allows to text-based or image-based with
the Access the Accessing the Click the then of the following Quality Option rough with reduced Text text-only with higher text Text higher with and Select the as the Source Select the Selecting the Correct or Select the with
or to the of Click the choose the from the then If to the following instructions. Creating with
Specify the the You the and of the the within the Click OK to to the 10.Click OK to the completing the and the Creating You text-based or image-based to the with
Click the The following appears. of the following: To as BMP Click to the to then the then To text-based Text text the Text This text as the If to the type the text then Click OK to to the with
Click The following appears: that the selected the then Color, and the reflected the OK with
Chapter the Introduction You the to of that allow to the of products, and This section to the The The of the consists of buttons, lights, and (LCD). and Lights The below the of the the the
Right OK The below the of the lights the The lights the of the and the type of when Light the or off. the to the Ready when to the when the the when selecting the when selecting when the Ready Selects when the selected the selected item the item the selected item only. the when feed the
light light light the LCD This section the meaning of displayed the LCD The below the of On: The expended. The The with the The the The the of its service The The with the The cover The nearly expended. The nearing the of its service life. On: the The than of On: The the Ready The The The cleaning the head. The charging the The The off. The rough of the useable the The nearly expended. The expended. the
The below the meaning of to Access the This section to and with the buttons the Press the whenever to and to the Ready Press the to to the previous that READY appears the LCD and then the Right The first appears the LCD Press the or to through the Press the OK or Right to the The first item appears the LCD Press the or to through the items. Press the OK or Right to the The first appears the LCD Press the or to through the The The with the The rough of the of the The graphic reflects capacity. The nearing the of its service life. The the of its service life. The installed. The with the the
Press the OK to the selected If the only, the OK to the function the the to the Press the The to the Ready This section the each item the This allows to the You the the LCD from the following English, Spanish, USB, Network You the the This allows to related to You head each From the whether the properly. Checking the Head sheet You the the Network You the of the interface. the
This allows to the You the firmware You rough of the capacity of the This allows to related to Head You head From the the head Cleaning You the head. You cleaning. Cleaning This the head without and cleans the they clogged. from while the head You this function or On. Cleaning You clean the the You the of the LCD Press the or to This function the head from becoming clogged, and the
You this function or On. Network This allows to Item Network Network You the to the selected, the the IP and automatically. selected, the IP and the N/W selected, the of the to the factory IP You the IP and to the To the the or Right to and the or to You the of the This allows to related to the LCD You the the LCD the once and the To the the The to as the factory IP N/W the
The to characters. characters the If the Technical You the LCD to childproof, or to the LCD Ready apears this function On, to the when the Right to the and This section the of the LCD The below the The canceled. Charging The charging the Cleaning The cleaning the head. Please The The Ready The ready to The the off The The below of each and correcting the Service Service Turn off the and then back If the clear, The the Where To the
of the the to the service of their service life. head or and head cleaning. Turn off the and The cover the cover cover. The the The the The the the to the The the The with the the front the the front the the the The with the The expended. the Where To Checking the Head Cleaning the Head Press the OK to recover from The If the clear, Where To the Cartridge the
front the or The than the and of then the OK cover The cover the cover. The the the the While to the To follow the below. that the front Press the Right to Press the or to TEST PRINT and then the OK or Right Press the or to STATUS SHEET and then the OK or Right Press the OK to finished, the to the the to or the from the or the Right to the the LCD locked, to the Follow the instuctions below to the If the the factory the OK to proceed. Press the or to the character to select. The The the
Press the Right to the character. and the Once the characters the OK the
Chapter Optional the Optional the with the right of the and as shown. You to of to or the rear when or the sheets Optional Unit (B-310N only) the Optional Unit Follow the below to the Turn off the Press the both of the cover, and then the cover.
the cover, should the the of the first, and then the Uninstalling the Optional Unit Follow the below to the Turn off the
the while holding the both of the the cover. Optional the Optional Gently the the front of the the The the of the when correctly.
Chapter Cartridges Checking the Cartridge the To the the LCD the the or of If the displayed. To the of the following: Double-click the shortcut To shortcut to the to the following section. From the Shortcut the the the then the EPSON button.
graphic displays the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly EPSON of the to or indicated EPSON The appears when Click the and then the from this
To the automatically, the the and then the
the OS OS and the appears. You the from this If to this the Preferences from the Application when the displayed, and then clear the You the using EPSON Follow the below. Access the EPSON Utility3 Accessing the OS X Click the EPSON button. The EPSON appears. The graphic displays the when EPSON first To the the or of If the displayed.
If of the the incompatible with the or improperly installed, EPSON of the to or indicated the EPSON OS and The appears when You the from this Cartridges You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Purchase and them within months of them and the the purchase the following numbers: High Capacity (B-510DN High Capacity (B-510DN Capacity only) only) Black T6161 T6171 T6181 T6162 T6172 T6163 T6173 T6164 T6174 that and them. The of other products and The with and of the from this first of charging the based printed, type, of and amount of the the cool, If to allow them to to least hours them. of the instructions this section the
This with IC that the amount of each Cartridges they and If to temporarily, to the supply from and the the as the the that its the of the facing upward. The the supply to that released. recommended. the supply of the or its surrounding the following operations: head cleaning, charging, and off the The to and the become to If the to High Capacity Cartridge, the or Capacity Cartridge, or High Capacity Cartridge. One of these when the The of other products and that covered warranties. of the reach of allow children to the or the when as there around the supply or surrounding If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. that and them. The of other products and the or of The displayed when used. the the obtained otherwise, the head You with expended, the other the off the while the Doing the IC the and the properly.
Cartridge To the follow the below. the cover. the to the the the with when the
the from the the IC the of the This the immediately the If the promptly, the head and to the about seconds.
the with the arrow facing and to the of the and then the the with when the and often than necessary. Doing the and allow to the causing the to the
the cover. the High Capacity Cartridge, the with the cover Checking the the To the the follow the below. that READY appears the LCD and then the Right MENU appears the LCD Press the or button to PRINTER STATUS and then the OK or Right Press the or to MAINTENANCE BOX and then the OK or Right rough of the appears the LCD You the the displayed the right of the LCD as the LCD
the or of boxes. If the displayed. To the of the following: Double-click the shortcut To shortcut to the to the following section. From the Shortcut the the the then the
graphic displays the The with though the service when the EPSON and the when the to replaced. If the the incompatible with the or improperly EPSON of the to or indicated EPSON OS You the EPSON Follow the below. Access the EPSON Utility3 Accessing the OS X
Click the EPSON The EPSON appears. The graphic displays the when EPSON first To the the or of boxes. If boxes the displayed. If the the incompatible with the or improperly EPSON of the to or the Purchasing You purchase www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON
Precautions of the instructions this section the recommends the of boxes. The of that covered warranties, and the or of boxes. The displayed when used. the the IC the of the of reach of and the off the covering the the it the provided. which and the To the follow the below. Confirm that the ready and the cover. the from the and the outward.
the when the with both when the the and then the The with the the as as the cover.
Chapter Head This the head without and cleans the they Head You choose to this function or off from the the Head completely the head from while the head and cleaning the head. Checking the Head If that unexpectedly or them, to the the head You the head from the or from the the or buttons. The the head to and If head clogged, the cleans the head. Normally, to and head cleaning; however, the self-cleaning function completely clogs. the Follow the below to the that lights indicating that the front Right-click the the then
If the appear, to the following section to the From the Shortcut the Follow the on-screen instructions. the OS Follow the below to the that lights indicating that the Access the EPSON Utility3 Accessing the OS X Click the the Follow the instructions. the Follow the below to the head the that the front that READY appears the LCD and then the Right appears the LCD Press the or to TEST PRINT and then the OK or Right Press the or to NOZZLE CHECK and then the OK or Right Press the OK to the the cleaning appears. If the OK to the head.
Cleaning the Head If that unexpectedly or them, to these cleaning the head, which that the properly. You the head from the Head Cleaning the or from the the or buttons. Clean the head the or the incorrect or the first to that the head to cleaned. This to clean the head. the head. the first. Cartridge the Head Cleaning Follow the below to the head the Head Cleaning the turned that lights indicating that the front Right-click the the then Head Cleaning If the appear, to the following section to the From the Shortcut the Follow the on-screen instructions. The light flashes while the the cleaning turn off the while the light flashing. Doing the If repeating this off the and least hours. Then the and the head cleaning necessary.
If Where To To the Head Cleaning OS Follow the below to the head the Head Cleaning the turned that lights indicating that the Access the EPSON Utility3. Accessing the OS X Click the Head Cleaning the Follow the instructions. The light flashes while the the cleaning off the while the light flashing. Doing the If repeating this about four the off and least hours. Then the and the head cleaning necessary. If To quality, the Follow the below to the head the that the front that READY appears the LCD and then the Right appears the LCD
Press the or to MAINTENANCE and then the OK or Right Press the or to CLEANING and then the OK or Right Press the OK to cleaning. The light flashing. off the while the light flashing. Doing the the light flashing, the to the Press the OK to to that the head clean. Checking the Head If repeating this turn off the and least hours. Then the and the head cleaning necessary. If Where To To the Head If of or to this the Head or from the the buttons. to the section below. the to while with the Head the Head Follow the below to the head the Head utility. that lights indicating the front
Right-click the the then Head If the appear, to the following section to the From the Shortcut the Follow the instructions to the head. the Head OS Follow the below to the head using the Head that lights indicating the Access the EPSON Utility3 Accessing the OS X Click the Head the Follow the on-screen instructions to the head. the Follow the below to the head the that the front that READY appears the LCD and then the Right appears the LCD Press the or to MAINTENANCE and then the OK or Right button. Press the or to HEAD ALIGNMENT and then the OK or Right Press the OK to the the and the without through
Press the or to the that to the through Press the OK to selection. Cleaning To operating its thoroughly Warning: to the the or thinner to the These chemicals the apply grease to the the head. to from the the of the with the or service using the the and the output to the from Cleaning the of and build-up from the the or the from feeding smoothly. You the of using the the of the or of the the Follow the below to the of the using the that the front
that READY appears the LCD and then the Right MENU appears the LCD Press the or to MAINTENANCE and then the OK or Right Press the or to CLEANING SHEET and then the OK or Right Press the OK The and these the Transporting If to and as below. the and or that the the vertically, or the the and the head to the Press the to off the then its cord. the while the head or the head to the the interface from the Confirm that the the and the cover closed. the and to the from If the High Capacity Cartridge, or high-capacity instead when the the and
the protective to both of the the and the the to the protective from the using the when the to the from becoming Also, that the attached correctly the If to follow the instructions below. the vertically, or the the and turn the head to the Press the to off the then its cord. the or off the to the the lights off. the head and the interface from the Confirm that the the and the closed. the and to the from the and You to the head the first the of
Chapter the Network the Network This anywhere 10Base-T or 100Base-TX it built-in Ethernet interface that the TCP/IP You interface such as IP the or the the Network to Access the Computers to the connected the to as the Then follow the below the network that with the B-310N or B510DN. the Software CD-ROM the CD-ROM With and the the Account or Click the Network
Click Follow the on-screen instructions. If the Security appears, the Unblock otherwise the the of EasyInstall. the following the and Next the Network
If the following If to the IP manually, and the IP and Then Next Follow the instructions the to the the following the If to the Click Next If the Security appears, the Unblock Follow the instructions the to the installation. the Network
this Then follow the instructions to these every the that with the B-310N or B510DN. To the OS the the following section. the Network
Troubleshooting the Troubleshooting first the then apply the fixed. The information that to and the the EPSON or to the section below. If relating to related to or feeding or the to the section. To to Canceling You and the the LCD If the and displays the LCD to the section below to the and then follow the recommended corrective and Operation If to the of the operation to whether the from the or To follow these both the and turned off. the from the interface of the that the front Troubleshooting
Turn the and that READY appears the LCD Press the Right to Press the or to TEST PRINT and then the OK or Right Press the or to NOZZLE CHECK and then the OK or Right Press the OK to showing If the to the head. Cleaning the Head If the the software the or It that software correctly. software and Uninstalling the Software If the with the the following section. The Not Print Checking as with the following combinations of computers, the operating to with the that that Troubleshooting
the to the the appears, as shown the below. The the of the and information. This as as helpful to the section below. the of appear the text of the appears seconds. the the the Troubleshooting
If appears the text of the information, to EPSON EPSON displays information the There to EPSON Double-click the shortcut the If the appear, to the following section to the From the Shortcut the Troubleshooting
the the then the button. EPSON the following appears: EPSON the following information: EPSON graphic of the To information about the the Information button. EPSON graphic of the Troubleshooting
Support: You from EPSON If the EPSON OS EPSON If EPSON inform with Follow these to EPSON the EPSON Utility3. Accessing the OS X Click the EPSON The EPSON appears. Troubleshooting
The the gently. If the with force, torn the or the Press the OK to the If the clear, off the and of the including torn to the section below. the Gently the the the front cover, and then the Troubleshooting
the Gently the upward. the front the and the front Then the If the front the first and that the front Then the front and the Troubleshooting
the and the front the the the back of the the (B-510DN) or the cover (B-310N) and the cover. Then the Troubleshooting
the the and the cover of the Then, the the cover and the the and the OK to If easily force and the Where To If frequently, of the following: The smooth, or You high The of the the and face-down the front You the The the arrow the The of the the specified that Loading The the of the Troubleshooting
The that the The properly Quality If then with the below. Click the the that or or Incorrect or Colors Blurry or Smeared Printout Troubleshooting
the of the the and the front the Head Cleaning to clear Cleaning the Head within months of quality, the Checking the Cartridge If the graphic displays the or expended, the Cartridge the type selected the the type of the Selecting the Correct or or the of the the and face-down the front the Head Cleaning to clear Cleaning the Head the Head the Head Clear the High from the Advanced the the type selected the the type of the Selecting the Correct or Incorrect or Colors clear the the Advanced Troubleshooting
OS X, the to the of the the or the the Advanced OS X, the the from the the the Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Checking the Cartridge If the graphic displays the or expended, the Cartridge If as as If the without of the of incorrect. Blurry or Smeared Printout recommended and the that the The properly it dirty, or too and the facing the and facing the front If the the or slightly the the type selected the the type of the Selecting the Correct or each sheet from the as printed. Troubleshooting
If (or of beneath the or or allow to with the of with finish. To follow the instructions the sheet with the the Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head Through the the to reduce the amount of the and increase the necessary. Double-sided the Unit) the the Printout Incorrect or Characters Turn off the and the interface securely Clear the from the Uninstall the then Uninstalling the Software Incorrect Margins Confirm the that the within the of the Printable the the the the Troubleshooting
OS X, the the or the Uninstall the then Uninstalling the Software Printout that the the front or the correctly. Loading Inverted Clear the the from or turn off the the the OS X, the the the instructions, the or Uninstall the then Uninstalling the Software the the the the OS X, the the or the Confirm the from the the OS X, the the If selected, printed. Troubleshooting
Uninstall the then Uninstalling the Software trying or of these to Printed Smeared or If the the or slightly the Clear the High the from the the Advanced OS X, the the the the Uninstall the then Uninstalling the Software the type selected the the type of the Selecting the Correct or too the type selected the the type of the Selecting the Correct or clear and Text as the Quality Option from OS X, clear and as the and the to the the of the Accessing the OS X applications. Troubleshooting
If continuously the temporarily feeding or the head while. This to the and the from overheating and If this to and leaving the about thirty with the (The recover with the off.) the This the head to the head and to If the head the cleans the head. self-checking, and self-cleaning operation, the the Uninstall the then Uninstalling the Software If of the and the the following: Increasing the only) Not Correctly Not the of and of the following: The or creased. The too the instructions that with the information. The fits the arrow the coated which to The of the the specified the Loading the If the The Troubleshooting
You instructions that with the Loading the fits the arrow the the the of the the or If or slightly the the of and that the too thin. the of the to the then the If too of printed, the as follows, and the the OS the the the OS and the the the Improperly Loaded If the too the the the correctly. Turn off the and the Then the and the correctly. Ejected or Clear the as The Also, the or the If the when or too thin. of Troubleshooting
its The Not Lights Press the to the Turn off the and that the securely that outlet and switch or Lights On and then The match the outlet Turn off the and it immediately. Then the the back of the If the match, DO NOT PLUG YOUR PRINTER BACK IN. Where To The Light On If buttons lights other than the light off to Press the to the to its If with USB the USB securely connected to the and to and that the USB or crimped. If the USB interface, the USB or If the to USB the to the first-tier from If the to directly the to without the USB If connecting the to USB the USB Troubleshooting
Turn off the and the the interface then operation If the correctly, the and correctly. If trying to enough memory. reducing the of or the You to memory Uninstall the then Uninstalling the Software Increasing the only) You increase selecting the Click the Troubleshooting
The following appears. The below the factors affecting High On RAW On On as On each the Other Head Cleaning Not that lights If recover from the Indicators that If the expended, the Cartridge Troubleshooting
Consumed Black Not only the the the following operations: head cleaning and self-cleaning. Troubleshooting
Where To Technical the B-510DN or B-310N to New SPC, and products this section. You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product B-510DN or B-310N) Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through AM to PM, through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase You purchase from authorized To New SPC, and "other" products Only.(general) the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or Where To
Product Information B-310N and B-510DN Edge straight the to the of Rear Supports the the cover: the when the Head: Prints Product Information
the buttons and the LCD and lights to the cover: the when the the and Cartridge the Cartridge cover: the when the the high B-510DN Rear USB the USB from to the Ethernet the 10Base-T/100Base-TX from to the Supports AC the cord. Rear cover: the only when the heated from the Product Information
B-310N USB the USB from to the the 10Base-T/100Base-TX from to the cover: the when attaching the and when the the back of the AC the cord. Rear cover: the when the heated from the and offers specially and other Product Information
You the the following the Technical Support Bright White S041586 S041257, S041467 S041568 Double-sided S041062, S041067 Quality A4 S041106 The of location. Cartridges You the following with this Black T6161 T6171 T6181 T6161 T6162 T6172 T6162 T6163 T6173 T6163 T6164 T6174 T6164 You the following with the B-310N and B510DN: T619000 Unit (B-310N only) You the following with the B-310N. B-510DN B-310N High High capacity Product Information
C12C802531 You the following with this C12C815341 You the following with this (included with B-510DN). C12C817001 To this of the following operating interfaces and operating to the following PC Interface XP, and USB Microsoft used. To this to of the following operating interfaces and operating to the following USB and Ethernet 100Base-TX/10Base-T Product Information
PC Interface PowerPC-based or Intel-based USB or OS to Technical Specifications Since the of or type of the to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and or other coated If switch to higher of or coated to F to C) to RH sheets: A4 or distributed Thickness Envelope A6 to to to Ethernet 100Base-TX/10Base-T Product Information
to sheets: type B-L, B-R B-L B-R C B-R B-L C Product Information
C the type of the top and of the or the smeared. and Bright White only. (C) when Cartridges Black Cartridge within months of the to F to C) month F C) thaws and hours F C). that and them. The of other products and The with and of the from the first the based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the F C) Product Information
Mechanical rear Loading About sheets of B-510DN B-510DN Loading capacity the curled. B-310N and B-510DN About sheets of Rear About of the optional about sheets of About Width: Depth: Height: Width: Depth: B-310N Width: Depth: Width: Depth: Approx. (without the B-310N Approx. (without the Product Information
AC to AC to Rated to to Rated the the back of the its Operation: to F to C) Operation: to RH Without and U.S. UL60950-1 CAN/CSA-C22.2 EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class Ready Approx. off to F to C) month F C) to RH (ISO/IEC10561 (ISO/IEC10561 Product Information
Interface USB Class computers) Ethernet 100BASE-TX/10 BASE-T Width: (B-310N only) Width: Width: Preference This to high-color usually only, technical information about the If to the the technical the to that. Depth: Approx. Depth: Depth: Height: Approx. Product Information
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Product Information
Source Software BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution (BSD These BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The Software Distribution UCB BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Product Information
This includes the software which apply the Apple Source or its the of the to the the Apple Source or its the of of this If to the of the please the Contacting Customer Support or of this and the of You redistribute and/or the terms of the Apple Source or its These WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The Apple Source as follows. You the the Apple Source APPLE PUBLIC SOURCE LICENSE Definitions. This to or other which Apple Computer, Inc. publicly and which Apple such or as and that to the of this Apple Source this "Applicable Rights" the where Apple the of rights, of that or acquired, or assigned to Apple and that cover the only to the to and/or the without and the where You the of rights, of that or or assigned to You and that cover Modifications, or with "Contributor" or that or to the creation of Modifications. the Modifications, the of and Modifications, and/or respective thereof. Product Information
"Externally means: to or otherwise directly or indirectly, to other than and/or to or as of Work, to service, including to of through with other than Work" which or thereof with the terms of this "Modifications" to, from, and/or to, the and/or of the Modifications, the of and previous Modifications, and/or respective thereof. released as of to or from the of containing and/or or other of that of the Source of or other as originally Apple this including the Source of or to such or Apple this and that Apple as such the header of such and the from such Source and originally Apple this "Source the of or other that to including associated interface to and of or or rights this or includes which by, or with, where the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. Conditions Restrictions. to the terms and of this Apple effective the You this and the royalty-free, to the of Applicable Rights and copyrights covering the to the following: You internally within organization, and Externally of the or that each instance: You and of the copyright and other and of Apple as they appear the and intact the that to this and Product Information
You include of this with every of Source of and You or Externally and You offer or such Source that or this or the rights as Section You and internally within organization, and Externally and or that each instance You of these You the of Section with to the Source of the You to the the each of the Source of and the to that You the and the of and If You Externally Modifications, You Source of Externally Deployed to those to whom You Externally Deployed Modifications, or publicly Source of Externally Deployed released the forth this including the forth Section below, as as Externally the or months from the of whichever You should preferably the Source of Externally Deployed from Distribution of You Externally and/or Modifications) only, You include the as as related that Source of the the of this with information and where to such Source Third Party Rights. You acknowledge and that although Apple and each the to their respective of the forth Apple or that the the or other property rights of other entity. Apple and each to You brought other based of property rights or otherwise. to the rights and You responsibility to other property rights third to allow You to the responsibility to that the Product Information
of, and as to, the to You this You to or or this royalty-free, Applicable Rights and other property rights (other than or to and Externally of the and as Apple's Sections and Works. You Work combining with other the of this and the Work as each such instance, You the of this the or thereof. as stated Section other rights, or implied, Apple and/or Works from Apple which Apple its Additional You choose to offer, and to charge fee warranty, indemnity or obligations and/or other rights with the of the ("Additional to or of You and as responsibility, and of Apple or Contributor. You the that such Additional Terms offered You and You to and Apple and incurred or asserted Apple or such reason of such Additional of the Apple revised and/or of this from to Each distinguishing Once published of this You to the of that You choose to such the terms of of this published other than Apple the right to the to created this Product Information
NO WARRANTY OR SUPPORT. The whole or untested, or tested The that or of and or You acknowledge and that of the or thereof, and THE COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY, UPGRADES OR SUPPORT OF ANY KIND AND APPLE AND APPLE'S LICENSOR(S) (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS "APPLE" FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTIONS AND AND ALL CONTRIBUTORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. APPLE AND EACH CONTRIBUTOR DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE COVERED CODE, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE COVERED CODE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE COVERED CODE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE COVERED CODE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY APPLE, AN APPLE AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR SHALL CREATE WARRANTY. You acknowledge that the the operation of or which the of the to death, injury, or physical or LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS LICENSE OR YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE COVERED CODE, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCTS LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF APPLE OR SUCH CONTRIBUTOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Apple's to You (other than as this the amount of This rights to the or "Apple Computer", OS", "QuickTime", "QuickTime Streaming or other service or to Apple (collectively "Apple or to service or to Contributor. You to Apple or as of the of products from the or to or products from the other than as and with Apple's third which Product Information
Ownership. to the this each rights, title and and to such Contributor. Apple rights, title and and to the and or of Apple ("Apple Modifications"), and such Apple to this Apple its choose to such Apple this or terms from those this or choose to them Termination. Termination. This and the rights without from Apple You to with term(s) of this and to such breach within of becoming of such breach; immediately the of the Section or without from Apple the of this action Apple; that Apple first action You that instance. of Termination. termination, You to immediately further reproduction, sublicensing and of the to the which properly to termination termination of this Provisions which, their should the termination of this including to Sections and to other indemnity or of as of terminating this with its terms, and termination of this without to other right or of party. Government Users. The as FAR Government software and technical rights the include those rights to the as this This customary technical and software with FAR (Technical and Software) and, of purchases, DFAR (Technical Items) and (Rights Software or Software Accordingly, U.S. Government with those rights forth Relationship of This as creating agency, partnership, or other of or Apple or Contributor, and You to the contrary, whether expressly, appearance or otherwise. Product Information
Nothing this right to others and/or or products that the or or otherwise with, Modifications, Works, or products that You or Waiver; Construction. Apple or to of this waiver of of that or other or which that the of the apply to this Severability. If reason of of this or thereof, to that of the to the as to the and of the and the of this force and Notwithstanding the or restricts You from and/or specifically complying with Sections and/or or the enforceability of of those Sections, this immediately terminate and You immediately of the and of that or or other You and Apple relating to this the Northern District of California, and You and Apple to the of, and the and within that District with to this The of the United Nations Contracts the International of excluded. This the the with to the hereof. This the of the United States and the State of California, that of California concerning conflicts of Where You located the of the following The that they that this and related English. tous EXHIBIT A. Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. Rights This and/or of as and that to the Apple Source (the You this with the Please of the and this Product Information
The and software distributed the distributed 'AS IS' WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND APPLE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please the the rights and the Product Information
this the following used. to XP, and to Edition, Professional Edition, and Edition. to Edition, Edition, Edition, Edition, and Edition. XP to XP Edition, XP Professional Edition, and XP Professional. to and Editions. to and Editions. to Professional. to OS X. OS to OS and