This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authotity to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR UNITED STATES USERS FOR CANADIAN USERS WARNING
Introduction to This what this advanced high performance with of features. instructions testing, and connecting to and follow these instructions first. of Chapter to the It and troubleshooting information The includes the specifications, commands, and character of terms and the speed-up to characters option and Accessories' below.) The built-in to sheets of You manually without ESC/P and graphics Introduction
Supports the ESC/P commands. You the or whichever of fonts-one and four professional The two-button easy to the and The following options and Ribbon Cartridge (S015060) this easy to Ribbon Cartridge (S015061) with the this four to (C83201*) Optional easy splashes of to everything from and reports to Tractor Unit (C80026*) Optional allows to and switch single-sheet and without removing supply. The this country. Introduction
Where to United States America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the TM Assistance locating Authorized or Service Technical with the installation, and operation of products Information ESC/P software of the ESC/P reference which information ESC/P technical Information service Product with technical specific&ions and products of ribbons, and Customer Relations Information about o o
United the comply with their and of merchantable and their or with This the or the rights of the the including Sections to of the of Act, Products, other than OEM products, or performance of ONE YEAR from the of purchase the of the this MUST of purchase, normally the of and the responsibility of the to furnish such proof. (UK) or of the the to the from whom purchased or, this to who the the of difficulty, users to the Service (UK) Limited. This covers the of both the and to of the specifically wear and tear, physical to incorrect or and or operation to unauthorized and inexpert Introduction
The restricted to the performance of the and (UK) responsibility or or performance, when the with other or software. Product as of or or the or the subjected to The cover to the or the of of the of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products (UK) Limited. Sofety information Warning: This earthed. to rating plate and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth Introduction
the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or with the earth or coloured or and The connected to the the with the or coloured The connected to the the with the or coloured red. If to the the or with of the and Instructions of these instructions Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cloth cleaning and or cleaners. or the or other that allow the to Introduction
or the These the necessary to operation and protection from overheating. the or other the Also, the built-in installation, such as bookcase, the or or heat the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with third (grounding) which fits grounding-type This If to the the the of the grounding-type where the If cord, that the of the of as they the products the the cords Also, that the of products the outlet or that of fire or shock. Introduction
as specifically the to the yourself, or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the outlet and repaired service the following A. the or or frayed. B. If C. If to or D. If normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions of other and often to the to operation. E. If or the F. If performance, indicating service. Introduction
and Notes Notes information and the operation. of to to to Introduction
Chapter the Unpacking the Choosing the Ribbon Cartridges the Black Ribbon Cartridge the Optional the Ribbon Attaching the the the Loading the the Connecting the to software Microsoft and What Fonts with Software Trying Software their Fonts and the the
Unpacking the should include these items. locations the attached to the the that the matches the of supply. If the the back of the the country,
Removing the protective The protected of that the Please the Notice instructions the protective Then them with the other to protective the Choosing the The or vertically, as shown below. You whichever fits selecting follow these the the
the rough otherwise the the the enough to the the to reach. enough easy operation and locations that to sunlight, heat, or grounded the where easily the cord. outlets switches or timers. outlets the as or other that fluctuations. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. If to follow these that least With the optional tractor, to enough clearance below the smoothly. With the optional tractor, they with feeding them to of the With the optional tractor, the that the straight the tractor's the
Ribbon Cartridges of the optional instructions. the Black Ribbon Cartridge the the the front of the cover to off the Then the head to the of the SO15060 Black SO15061 (optional) I-5 the
Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. the the as shown; then both of the to the the the the head while the turned this the Also, the the head cool
Turn the ribbon-tightening to ease the or creased. the cover its the the as shown below, then the cover. the Optional the the optional the Software this chapter instructions to software Then software instructions to The commands from software to the
The optional includes these items. the the as shown below, the the
the cover the Next, the the the as shown below. the to the Next, the the
the the correctly of the as shown below. the head to the of the and the of the to the of the the
Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. the Ribbon The optional the ribbon. the the the. as Shown; then both of the to the the the
Turn the ribbon-tightening to ease the twisted or creased. the cover its the the as shown below; then the cover. Attaching the You the to as they of the To the the the mounting the as shown below. to the and the when the the the
the the switch the turned off. It off when the the switch the the back of the to the the matches that of If the attached to the to the AC the the properly grounded If the rated and outlet match, the cord. the
the You the with or sheets; this section the with Loading the the of the of A4 or and then to the the
the holding the the as shown below, the the the the the top of the
the the as as The of the the front of the the the turned off. While holding the FF (FORM FEED the It the and the The characters the and character If the optional the of typical the
To the off the Each the four and If both the FF and the FONT buttons while the that and features. Connecting the to Computer If the correctly, ready to to the You shielded twisted-pair to to the built-in interface. Follow these to the interface both the and turned off; then the securely the interface If the when the the three and the light as earlier this chapter; then the FF to the the
the together they If ground wire, to the ground below the interface the through the then the the the of the the
the other of the the If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the If the or interface to the through the the back Software To of features, the instructions software below. the software the of this chapter. Microsoft and If already follow the below to with Then correctly such as Word and CorelDRAW.' the
If already the as the and follow through below when reach the section choosing the the the Choose the the right of the the of ActionPrinter or LQ-150. If ActionPrinter and LQ-150 LQ-60 or LQ-2550 to If to choose LQ-570+, AP-3250, or LQ-870. Choose the button. to If necessary, the Choose the Select as the If selected the LQ-860, LQ-2550, LQ-570+, or LQ-870 as the Source. This Choose the OK Highlight ActionPrinter or LQ-150 (or the and the the
Click the button. You the What The software to and that (or These software the and other of the Therefore, that choose the right and correctly from software If there with the appearance of software the Fonts with Microsoft rather than the built the the the as they (This WYSIWYG, What You What You that the to their Therefore, to the of of the If to the internal as as the Microsoft Product and that both of the
Software specify the type of that the of the features. or that of To the of features, choose ActionPrinter or LQ-150. If neither of those LQ-860 or LQ-2550 to If to choose LQ-570+, ActionPrinter or LQ-870. of the LQ the LQ-150 to choose or the the If software the ActionPrinter or the LQ-150, the of software to If of the software choose LQ-570+, LQ570, or LQ-100 text and graphics If those choose or or Trying software as the features, and that often and then the This shows the with software the
If the what Troubleshooting Chapter or or software Software graphics the slightly appearance. If this choose software. You the paper-thickness as built-in You Microsoft or such as or to this. their There the top and of each that the to and feed the You these of the If the and account these areas, that the too the or that of the top of the software to or to too To this the following: Select sheets or software. the
the of the top and software. There the internal and downloaded. to the internal built their to the the they instance, and the that to spreadsheets. Whether internal or downloaded from software, to through software. Fonts and the software commands with the to the If these commands from what selected the the software commands this reason, to selections through software. the selection when text to the directly from MS-DOS or when software that include selections. the
Chapter using the Loading manually with Optional Tractor the Loading the tear-off the tractor Switching and Switching to Switching to the paper-thickness
You with the and of from inches) to inches) with the insertion the To the the Loading the The below the performance when with the the the the the from the and to If the of the and the FF to the Press the FF to of You the top-of-form with the the cover. It and the and turn the to the The notches the the of characters. The affects only the If to the top-of-form permanently, the software of the top and You usually to the top-of-form the
to the back the first from the Then the while the locking The the and If to software or commands. the about commands. OU switch to insertion or to the optional without the instructions, Loading manually or Switching Continuous and this chapter.
Loading manually You sheets of from the rear insertion (If the optional tractor, manually.) the the upright and it Next, the the Then the the with the arrow the The automatically. the to the when insertion. to the the the If the insertion, the the without the
Continuous with Optional Tractor You the optional to from inches) to inches) the the turned off and the the You the top-of-form insertion the as sheets of from the the Chapter to switch to the the FF without the The the from the
the paper-release lowered to the single-sheet the tractor as shown and the of both the the back of the Then straight hear the the paper-release and the
the supply below the the smoothly the as shown. (You the paper-release the Release the the using with the tractor, the supply the and the from the back of the the off their and
the right the with the arrow the and the to Then the to match the of the the both covers
that the the of the clean, straight the first three of the the and then the covers. the to the Then the to Turn the It the to the If the of the and then the FF using If to the top-of-form permanently, with the as Chapter
Each the with loaded, the to the and then to the top of sheets off the to the top-of-form You the top-of-form temporarily. the cover and the and to the This when off the or feed the to the pressing the FF and FONT the the fear-off the tear-off to tear off the and the normally You the to the perforation of to the of the cover or (three inches) the tear-off as Chapter
the tear-off the finishes the and the head the top-of-form the the to the tear-off The READY light to the the tear-off You easily tear off the the perforation. the the to the top-of-form and the Removing the tractor Tear off the Press the FF and FONT buttons the to feed the to the the from the tractor. Turn off the tear off the and feeding backward. than through the
the paper-release to the single-sheet Then the tractor straight and of the the
Switching Continuous and the tractor, easily switch to single-sheet without the supply. Switching to to switch from to sheets: If the tear off the and then the FF and FONT buttons the This the back to the the paper-release to the single-sheet tear of back-feeding; back-feeding too sheets backward. They easily off of their and the this chapter information from the tractor.
The ready to from the and to Switching to To switch from back to follow these If the path, the FF to the paper-release the The ready. the from the tractor and to If the paper-release while loaded, the and the READY light off. If this the and the FF and FONT the to the to the You then the If the paper-release when the path, the and the READY light off. this the paper-release and FF to the completely. You then the
to sheets and of other types, such as and the paper-thickness to the paper-thickness the the and the paper-thickness to match the thickness of Choose the from the below. If the paper-thickness to or the reduced.
the cover. You the insertion to the paper-thickness to and the the rear. manually through the rear To follow the Loading manually earlier this chapter. the the first, as shown. and
You consisting of You the to to these the of the head. the within the of the information the the with that of and waves. with or the paper-thickness to when with the optional only. You the as ordinary Loading If to the top-of-form software or the top-of-form as Chapter You to to the choose mounted with with tractor. to
the paper-thickness to backward. They easily off the and the to and humidity, them only operating the within the of the information the the the If the with loaded, the them to the possibly Removing from the Tear off the fresh supply of the of the Press the FF to the of the the paper-thickness to match the thickness of the
Chapter fhe the Lights Other Selecting Character Fonts the the features and Transportation Cleaningtheprinter the Transporting the Troubleshooting the
the You the basic operations-form feed, and ejecting, and selection-with the buttons the The lights the lights The lights information and READY The READY light when the ready to from the The READY light flashes these the the of the the tear-off (with the optional only) The head overheated. this the the head cools and then the
the READY light off. FONT The lights the These lights when the FONT the the to which selected. instructions selecting with the FONT The buttons the the FONT Press the FONT to through the choices the The FONT lights the selection. about choosing with this the FONT while the to the the this to selection. information about the FF (FORM FEED) Press the FF to of or to to the top of You FF to the this to the information about the the
PAPER PARK If the FF and FONT the to the back to the Other features The to three features: The know operating properly. To the The allows advanced users to the and instructions Demonstration The of text and type that shows the of To the the backward; they off their and the the FF to them
Selecting Character To choose of the with the FONT The lights off and to the selection. The below the and shows the lights appear each selection. The and (or sized) from to using software or ESC/P If information about with software, software of commands with this the the
the internal that such as top-of-form and length. These they each the users, the factory these necessary. The below the the section to them; and the section each the If to the to the fact, that software information. the
the If to that software the buttons, and the lights Follow the below to You through to than Also, off the and about the turned off and the If the optional tractor, the To the the FONT while the The of and instructions and showing the from which choose. You the English, or Spanish. the
Press the FONT the FONT lights the of choice; then the FF to selection. Once the FF the the and further instructions the selected finished, to the If text to printed, the FONT finished, to the If to the FF and to the immediately. first the to the FONT to the text The text through the operation. Once with the operation, the FF to the following to chose the to Then the FONT as as necessary the FONT lights match selection. the
Press the FF to the The READY light or off to selection, as indicated and If the character length, or TOF as shown the below. Press the FF the of lights (the FONT lights and the READY light) selection. Then the FONT to the the following this section. to the character the FONT the FONT light flashing and the right FONT light If the character length, or TOF (top-of-form) to to the
Once the FONT button, the to the item the and automatically. The Character the
Turn off the to the them features Character Character the characters and other includes of character You choose from these PC (US) PC PC (Nordic) characters, Character the PC PC (Canadian-French) BRASCII PC the
This option when with the optional tractor. You the to or (A4) inches. perforation this option to the the perforations of that 1-inch the and the first the Since their top and should this only This active the optional tractor. Tear-off with the optional tractor, this the tear off the and then the of the You choose from tear-off with this If On the the perforation to the the of the cover. If the the perforation about inch) the cover. TOF (top-of-form) the FF or the command, the to the top-of-form (TOF) The TOF factory to the which inches) from the top of the You this from to
Graphic You choose or bidirectional as the graphics. The usually text bidirectionally fast and graphics unidirectionally of To graphics bidirectional If the included with the the when the Download You the function or other characters to the memory. If using characters, off to increase the memory capacity and the the each (CR) feed (LF) If text unexpectedly spaced, this option off. If text top of each other, The or If choose and then the the from the You this information to isolate If the of text and selections with the
Once or off the and seconds. To the or selection, both the FF and FONT buttons while the and Transportation Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly the turned off. Then as as the and the optional tractor, to and If the or or with cloth with the cover to from the the or thinners to clean the these chemicals the as as the or the of the with the or service think to the or
the the becomes to the the following To the first the head to the of the Then the the of the To the follow the the Ribbon Cartridge Chapter If the the head cool the
Transporting the If to the and as below: Turn off the the from the then the interface from the the output the optional the the and the and them the originalbox o o o while operating this section You the of the the If the properly, the the software, or the interface If the or service the
the lights the that the properly the If the switch or another the outlet to whether the operating properly. The lights and then off. The lights off when the turned that the rating matches the of outlet If the match, the and immediately. the to The READY light nothing printed. that the software properly the software's Checkboth of the interface the and the this shielded twisted-pair that both the and specifications. the
The READY light flashing and nothing printed. The of the The sounds nothing printed. The properly. the section Chapter The the as this chapter. The the sounds and the abruptly. Turn off the and or other If the correctly, The READY light flashing, the or abruptly. The head overheated. the when the head The sounds and the READY light off. occurred. Turn off the and If the READY off, or service (If when to switch sheets and the
Printed characters the The properly. the section Chapter The appearance. You too high Select software. The The the as earlier this chapter. that the paper-thickness correctly the the paper-thickness chapter of the The head Stop and to there too the or the the as Chapter the
The or characters selected with software that the software correctly instructions, Chapter The selected the software the The characters The character selected. the character as the too high or too the or the of the top of the or the top with software. software to specify the type of using or and to the These account the of the the TOF the the Also, to the cover and the to to the the only. the
the text the the feed to the the line-feed to each the The text with the of text line-feed the to off the the incorrect. the software. match the of the the software and necessary. If the the the the One-inch perforation the perforation to off the the the graphic to Unidirectional the instructions, the the
You to the of If the correctly the Chapter If the properly, the right and the the the software, or the If the or service Characters software properly the (or to the and as The The correctly. If of the the ESC the Command Summary). The properly. the and Chapter the
The the to the slightly as shown below: the to increase the or to The too or the the slightly the Stop off the and the the as the optional the and that the paper-release the single-sheet the
The rotates feed and the READY light flashes. The of the feeding from the crooked or the Turn off the and the the and the properly the from the the FF to the feeding from the insertion crooked or the Turn off the and the straight the the right type of the specifications the The through the insertion the enough to the The from the insertion completely. The too that within the specified the the the
or the FF button, the tractor feed the that the paper-release the The off the tractor. the to the tractor. feeding from the crooked or the The of supply from feeding straight. the supply or other that supply within of the that the the of the with each other. Also, the and their covers closed. that the paper-thickness correctly the the paper-thickness Chapter that the and thickness within the specified the specifications the The from the tractor properly. The too Tear off the fresh supply of and the from the only that within the specified the the
switch and the sounds and the READY light off. You to the paper-release while remained the the paper-release to the previous and (or to the Then the paper-release the
A-2 Specifications A-2 specifications Interface specifications A-9 A-13 Command Summary the summary A-13 operation A-13 feeding A-13 A-14 motion A-15 Font selection A-16 A-17 Font Spacing. A-18 Character A-19 A-21 Graphics A-21 A-22 Character A-23 Appedix A-1
Technical Specifications specifications o Bidirectional and graphics. (Unidirectional graphics selected with the or the software command.) spacing: (optional): A-2 Charactors/second/line* Quality Charactors Inch Quality The paper-thickness or overheated the 1/6inch, 1/8inch, or 1/36-inch inches/second with and the thickness to KB when OFF KB when the ON Shifting the Color(s): and
Printable Character Scalable Character Character You other ESC/P2 commands. the summary this One and graphics character international character and character A-3
sheets inches) or A4 to to inches) Thickness to Quantity insertion): to to to to inches) to to inches) Thickness to to Weight Continuous Thickness to to weight to You with this however, increase and If this higher of Recycled and recommended the from 15C to 25C and from to RH. A-4 to to to inches) sheets to to inches) to to inches) to15 lb)persheetin and them with the optional tractor.
Thickness Thickness Weight to to inches) inches) to to inches) sheet to to inches) type only with the optional tractor. only and inches) inches) to to inches) to to and with the the insertion only. A-5
Printable and insertion) and A-6 The top inches). The inches). The right the Inches) the inches) the Insertion the inches). C The Inches).
Mechanical Friction (the and Paper-feed insertion) tractor (optional) Ribbon: MTBF: head life: The top and and below the perforation The and right ore inches). the inches). S015060 characters character SS015061 expectancy: character) Black characters characters characters hours the the o A-7
Height inches) and Rated Rated Rated AC V-240 Rated AC to Rated to to Rated the the back of the the of A-8 inches) inches) AC AC to to to
to 35C to 95F) Operation: Operation or to 25C to 55C 131F) (without Operation: to RH without or to RH to RH without US R.F.I. US Interface specifications with interface. Specifications and assignments The built-in interface the following characteristics: Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connectors Amphenol or UL1950 with D3, CSA22.2 with D3 EN (TUV), IEC (SEMKO, DEMKO, NEMKO, SETI) FCC EN55022 (CISPR PUB22) A-9
The below the assignments and their respective interface A-10
The heading "Direction" to the of flow as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the interface based the TTL Both the and of each than the ACKNLG or BUSY to this only of the ACKNLG or when the BUSY LOW. A-11
The to of three The below shows the that become when the initiated. clears the A-12
Command Summary the summary The following section and the ESC/P commands topic. If listed. If they explained. The indicated lowercase The below the indicated. ESC with ESC that to the and to off. ESC with ESC with of operation ASCII Hex. ESC ESC ESC EM feeding ASCII CR FF LF ESC ESC ESC ESC Turn Unidirectional On/Off Loading/Ejecting R Hex. 0D 0C 0A 2B Select 1/8-inch Spacing Select 6-inch Spacing 180-inch Spacing n/360-inch Spacing A-13
ASCII ESC ESC C ESC C of ASCII Hex. ESC C ESC 4E 4F ESC C ESC ESC Right Margin Right A-14 Hex. Format ESC Top Unit ESC C of of inches Margin Continuous of Margin Continuous Margin
motion Hex. ASCII ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC HT ESC VT 0B ESC 4A 5C from the the 1/60-inch this command. Relative the the 120-inch and 1/180-inch LQ this command. ESC from top Relative ESC to Terminated to should A-15
Font selection Hex. ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC C ESC ESC ESC ESC A-16 Typeface Select Font Pitch and ESC pitch to pitch Select or or and other typeface) ESC with ESC P, or Select Select Select Turn Proportional On/Off Select Quality or Font Font Select Font Font Quality
ASCII ESC Font Hex. SI DC2 0E ESC W1/0 DC4 ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Hex. DOG. Select To the of together the of the to from the below: Double-width 2D Select DoubIe-Width Turn Double-Width On/Off Double-Width Turn Double-Height On Select Select Select ESC Strikethrough selected A-17
ASCII Hex. 2D Turn On/Off ESC Select Character ESC Normal with Spacing ASClI Hex. ESC SP Intercharacter ESC ESC A-18 of of to the characters Units inch and inch (LQ and Unit ESC positioning as inch or Motion (HMI) Select Pitch 360-inch
Character Hex. ASCII ESC ESC ESC Select International Character Assign Character Table ESC Assign Character Table and to or Character Table PC (USA) PC PC 86O PC (Canada-French) PC (Icelandic) BRASCII Select Character Select character assigned ESC or characters from to USA Norway II II UK America o A-19
ASCII Hex. ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC A-20 3A 5E Character ESC First character Character of character of character Right of character each Copy ROM to RAM or Typeface Select Normal of With Graphics this the of ESC as Characters ESC Amount of The following of as characters
Hex. ASCII ESC Graphics ASCII ESC Select 2A ESC of Hex. Select Graphics ESC or Graphics with ESC A-21
ASCII ESC with the the the (TO BE CONFORMED; the ESC A-22 Hex. Graphics 2E ESC graphics Hex. o Select The selects the to the below. Black o DPI DPI of of The following allowed: and
Character These character selected with the or using software command. the the through 7F. Therefore, first shown completely. The of the the characters through FF. character the character the ESC and ESC software commands whether to 9F characters (ESC or (ESC The with the the only. PC (USA, A-23
PC PC CODE C C PC (Nordic) PC (Canadian-French) CODE C C A-24 CODE C
BRASCII CODE C CODE C CODE C C C C A-25
CODE C Character with ESC To the characters the below, first the ESC command. CODE C A-26 character the character
International character You of the following international character with the or the ESC command. when the characters the the below the character The following international character selected with the or with ESC command. The following selected with the ESC command. Country Norway II II America 5B 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E ASCII A-27
The following apply specifically to If that topic information. software that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and bidirectional which the head both This increases the of or which the of information or The of the memory to of information consisting of characters inch of the of text characters, to as pitch. The character of numbers, and that with the characters which the of each character of the of characters. or spreadsheets that each perforated and to (such as or feed) instead of characters. GL-1
characters inch. or that when the turned or initialized. of which each or of One of of character high-speed LQ ESC/P This of commands software of from It and software computers. o of type family (FF) and that the to the top-margin troubleshooting that users the of the and the the each and ASCII characters. the to its of interface The the and the interface character or and interface which the characters This feed that the GL-2
LQ One of Near readability and appearance reduced The which the backed of the path, attached to the tractor. interface interface. The of which the It than the physical of the to which the of the character from character to character. than lowercase The than typewritten optional, that the from the RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. To to its command, INIT or turning the off and then back ROM Memory. The of the memory that Information ROM to the operates. ROM. the operation of the the the the characters its ROM. which each character about two-thirds the height the of the character GL-3
which each character about two-thirds the height the of the character o operation that the perforation of to the tear-off and then the back to the tear-off The the the to the of You the the that the perforation the tear-off or inches) the top-of-form The the that the as the first This the top-margin which the head only. Unidirectional graphics allows than bidirectional characters Characters that and the the downloaded characters. GL-4