WorkForce these instructions Unpack French (included only) ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective Turn the to Press the On Select To English as OK (If to the or to then OK Select Country/Region and OK Select the Daylight or and OK the and OK Press the to the and OK Select the or and OK Press the to the Then or to AM or PM necessary. Press OK the the cover. the or then them. the from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks. the Press the OK to charge the about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while or the and the the and the the as the to the If the clear the or the right and the with the the the To the included phone to telephone and to the LINE To telephone or the If to DSL phone DSL or to DSL the
Select as English To OK (If to the or to OK then and Country/Region Select OK Daylight Select the OK and or OK and Select the French (included only) Press the to the OK and and or the OK Press the to the Then or necessary. PM or AM to OK Press the the cover. the or then them. WorkForce these instructions using Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective Turn the to Press the On the from each Dont other or the the the each Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks. the Press the OK to the about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while or the and the the and the the as the to the If the clear the or the right and the with the the the To the included to telephone and to the LINE To or the If connecting to DSL phone DSL or to DSL the
software the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that CD. If the If the Account or Double-click the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. prompted, the USB USB the turned OS only: this Follow the the right of the to Click Next to necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. Turn on/off LCD Clear the Stop/ Clear Select Copy or or (B&W or Color) You the LCD troubleshooting information. to with USB securely connected as shown: instructions copying, faxing, and scanning. Click the shortcut to the software SM and to On-screen with software Select or when software. Technical (U.S.) or where or buttons You with U.S.: AM PM through and AM PM AM PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Software Technical ABBYY and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. Smooth, scrapbooks, and graphical WorkForce Cartridges Moderate-capacity Black and service of Corporation. WorkForce and DURABrite and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-27925 Printed XXXXXX the below to Its as easy as Standard-capacity
this only: OS Follow the the right of the to necessary. Next to Click Follow the instructions to the of the software and the CD. Turn on/off Select Copy or You the LCD troubleshooting information. to connecting with USB securely connected as shown: software to NOT CONNECTED the If Found New and the USB You cant software that CD. If the If the Account or Double-click the and follow the on-screen instructions. Click prompted, the USB USB the turned instructions copying, faxing, and scanning. Click the shortcut to the software downloads, SM and LCD Clear the to Stop/ Clear On-screen with software Select or when software. Technical (U.S.) or where or or (B&W or Color) One-touch You with U.S.: AM PM through and AM PM AM PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Software Technical ABBYY and with professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. Smooth, scrapbooks, and graphical the below to Its as easy as WorkForce Cartridges Moderate-capacity Standard-capacity Black and service of Corporation. WorkForce and DURABrite and of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-27925 Printed XXXXXX