Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Printed with least
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EPSON, EPSON and ESC/P and ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Notice Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Copyright Inc. CPD-15917
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes FCC United States WARNING
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM included the EPSON and the Interface (ADI) EPSON allows to HPGL or HPGL/2 The ADI allows to from releases and higher. the README the CD-ROM information. EPSON COLOR the high-quality, graphic and business as checkplots, and displays or With to inch), photographic graphics, and art and Its to and allow to with ease. its built-in feeding options of including sheets, and You and sheets each The software Microsoft and Apple with of brightness, and ColorSync and ICM that closely match the You right from such as cleaning and the heads. EPSON through operations Introduction
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Introduction With and high-speed and optional connectivity, and easy. EPSON specially formulated, quick-drying and of the and the the PC To or should include these IBM PC with or higher recommended NT or XP USB PC with USB Second Edition (factory or XP IEEE PC with or XP Ethernet Ethernet-equipped PC NT or XP 512MB of RAM At least 25MB of free to the software, and least 2GB of free (8GB or recommended) CD-ROM or DVD the software
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM high-speed bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to to with D-SUB, and the IEEE the optional IEEE (C823722) and shielded IEEE the optional Ethernet (C12C823912) and To or network should include these OS through 9.X (OS recommended) or higher recommended 512MB of RAM At least 25MB of free to the software, and least 2GB of free (8GB or recommended) or CD-ROM or DVD the software IEEE the optional IEEE (C823722) and shielded IEEE the optional Ethernet (C12C823912) and Introduction
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Introduction To To and software, the This the following information: instructions with or Macintosh. Custom to with effects, and Chapter selecting the right or other and instructions Chapter and Network to and and Transportation, instructions cleaning and the heads, and cleaning and the Chapter Troubleshooting, A, EPSON instructions to and the EPSON to HPGL or HPGL/2 B, Specifications, the technical and EPSON and Index included the of the
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM If with the toll-free or Unit ID Notes, and this information throughout to injury. to to Notes information about hints Where To EPSON technical and information the installation, and of professional products through the EPSON Protection AM to PM through hours and to without Unit ID which included with the EPSON Preferred Protection information that with and of purchase. Introduction SM
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Introduction EPSON technical hours through the World You reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through You purchase and from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused to If isnt NERGY TAR off when Turn off and each when using them. the option software catch something.
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively. Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or near or heating or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the where the easily fiche the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the outlet as specifically this to service the yourself. Introduction
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Introduction the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. the following when with this that least that the The should Position they with feeding; where them to of the with other of to through the following of operating the or the heads of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of the or to them. This to the head. Once the to with The become otherwise. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM the the the within months of them. this the off the this pressed, the light flashes then the or off the to the the light off. the the heads the right) and the information, Introduction
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Introduction
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM instructions HPGL or HPGL/2 A. Its easy to and black-and-white with EPSON COLOR First to and the software following the instructions the Then this chapter to about the following: from from the from to from choose from the You then choose which to the of and other options from the software, such as whether to or The following sections to the following: software options from the software while
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM The through usually apply that Then the to the or the selected as information about the With and right-click item the and then Whats This? from Applications This section the options to information about advanced Follow these to from or other software: Choose or from the If choose first containing the including the of and the printed. If choose first of to choose from. EPSON COLOR selected, and then the or button.(You to of these buttons, the with.) You the softwares
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM the highest to of the the back light or the cloth. the EPSON The selection the the or The selection the the match the selected the software. You off the function selecting Other/Media Selection If the shown the the option to the software the to the and This the to of of Choose the to from the following to through the If which to to the Quality Quality Quality The type of choose the Quality Press the the to the the This should match the selected If type the Other/Media Selection Choose or Black If or or to as of Black the to Quality or This choose high or the (The and the highest
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Printing the Source, or the the to If first, such as (Landscape), and then the which the that software and that software To and the the the of the Click the and choose and feeding The Source Sheet the the front of instructions with the other Chapter choose the of options, and software of these With NT, there options.) Click the and the the of the to the other If to them, Advanced as Chapter Click OK when finished The OK or (You to of these buttons, the with.) Click to Click to
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM software (such as or to the While the EPSON appears, showing the and the of (With NT, the Checking information. through (as the apply to the If to the applications, the software through the or the software closed If to and then them to the and of the following: XP Click and Other Hardware, and and Click Right-click the EPSON COLOR or or Preferences XP or Then the You the the as and OK become the and
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM You the NT software the such as or Double-click the the group. Double-click the Select EPSON COLOR from the of and You the the as and OK become the and NT Click to and then to Click the EPSON COLOR the and You the the as and OK become the and
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM If the to appear each turn off. To this, (from the EPSON the and the to the option Checking While the EPSON appears (With NT, the the following section information.) The of the appears Click to Click to Click to This shows the of and the of If of the You the buttons to or necessary. the finished, the
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM If or and connecting to the through USB or through the information. The following information appears: the this function selected (the The function the selected with the with the selected the and they match. To off this function, the the disappears. The displays information about the the You the the and the the the type, and amount. The and amount the The type the with the The displays the amount of each Checking with NT With NT and workstations, the service to or know when finished. If or from the or and the security, and options. NT
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM To and the the from with to the software each This section the to choose information about advanced the to from and Choose from the You the choose feeding The Source the the front of instructions with the other Chapter selecting choose the orientation, reduction or and software of these Click OK to the and Click to Click to
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Whenever the Source, or the the to If first, such as (Landscape), and then the which the that software and that software the highest to of the photo the EPSON Choose from the or the You the following: Choose the of and which to the option to the software the to the and This the to of of Choose the to from the following If which to select, to the Quality Quality Quality The type of choose the Quality Click information about Click to type
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM The selection the the or The selection to the the match the selected the software. You off the function selecting Other/Media Selection with cant them from to another. to each from If to templates applications. Press the the to the the and selected If type the Other/Media Selection Choose or Black If text or or to as of choose Black the to Quality or This choose high or the (The and the highest Once these basic the the right of the to the other If to them, Advanced as Chapter Click when finished If chose background when while EPSON Chapter information about the software, easily It of the and options. Accessing from Applications To from the and choose or Then or to of these buttons, the software Click
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM With and related to item the right-clicking the item and then clicking the Whats This? With NT, related to item the right-clicking the item and then clicking the Whats This? the the of the related to the items that Then topic. You when the software, as below. Accessing from and Click the to (or and (or and then EPSON COLOR If instructions to the to Accessing from To from the EPSON and the EPSON COLOR If instructions to the to Accessing from NT Click the then the Right-click the EPSON COLOR and from the the software the If instructions to the to Accessing from Applications Choose from the or the Click the related to the items that To the OK the of the
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM the light light light Lights The lights the and to such as or The light when the the light flashes, the It with other lights operations or the light or incorrectly, or the paper-release to the the and then the or to turn off the light. the light flashes, Turn off the the and the Chapter information. lights selection lights
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM DPI Quality Quality Other/Media Selection the lights the lights flash, internal Chapter information. light flashes, supply light to the Chapter instructions. Black the light Press the to the light flashes, charging cleaning the heads, or another operation. The light which selected with the the software the software and this selection to they match. If they match, appears If to this Other/Media Selection If and the lights flash, the paper-release the Match the paper-release with the type and The when from the with or or
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM the and off. loaded, of or of temporarily. when Cleaning the head cleaning three seconds. Cleaning the Heads Cleaning the head cleaning three seconds. Cleaning the Heads whether the selected the matches the type of the LF/FF Loads or or to the top-of-form loaded, of (tractor-fed) to the Ejects backward. or to the tear-off when and tear-off to off Clears the seconds. the or tear-off Press the to feed or to feed the memory. the the or tear-off The when from the
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM instructions HPGL or HPGL/2 A. to graphics, photographs, or other the EPSON COLOR software. You choose or options brightness, and Matching (ICM) with or ColorSync with the Macintosh. This chapter includes the following information: advanced and effects ColorSync the Advanced easy to operation Follow these to with or software. Access the as or Custom
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Custom Advanced the Quality/Speed You of the following boxes: Click Advanced then to of Click Advanced then to of
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM choose from the Customs Selecting ICM, or ColorSync the option to Color. Chapter information about Select or Black Click Advanced and then Custom You of types. Follow these to choose the right photographs. Increases the Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and and the and highlights. NT) from or Increases brightness and the rough of text only, ICM only) Automatically to closely match the ColorSync only) Automatically to closely match the information, Choose the to (If which to select, to the The the choose. the the to the the and selected If type the Other/Media Selection Custom
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Custom them as group. Then them whenever instructions. Select the Source and other options the and the the of the to the other If theyre correct, OK or (If other buttons that If the what follow the the section to them. Quality and Effects If or to with effects, software. Follow these or software. Access the as or (Macintosh).
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM of these options or other choose of these options or other choose Click Advanced, and then More You the More Custom
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Custom The Quality selected the If choose Quality that the the to both of these to they the loaded. the selected based the Advanced preselected each type The option when Black as the Choose of the following Quality options low-resolution rough Normal or or high-resolution Works photo (including EPSON Quality back light or cloth. the highest-resolution back light or cloth only. Choose the to following the Press the the to the the and selected If type the Other/Media Selection Select or Black Choose of the following options: text only. photographic or each of with the surrounding Dithering Coarse Dithering charts, and other that of bright Coarse with and with and
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM If when the High to the heads. Chapter instructions. Choose of the following options. of these selected or the Quality and chose. MicroWeave Prints graphic to (light High fast, bidirectional Prints of graphics, and art with and increases memory If ready to OK and to If to the section. Click to as that instructions. Click OK or If other that Custom
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Custom You choose from or manually brightness, and CMY To Matching (ICM) or ColorSync the Follow these to Access the More as The appear the right of the as shown: Click to to and
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Choose of the following or choose another as the information and correction accordingly. Photo-realistic photographs. graphics-intensive with charts and and the and highlights. the features of the software On Macintosh, choose this only using ColorSync with ICC If to characteristics, the to increase right) or the below. (If of the options to characteristics.) Brightness or Increases or the the bright or of or Increases or the amount of the three that to to the Custom
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Custom choose ICM, or ColorSync, the characteristics The of ICM Quality, and To correction or to closely match choose of these instead of NT) from or Increases and and the ICM only) to closely match the ColorSync only) Automatically to closely match the ColorSync the Macintosh below instructions. Click OK to to the Click to as that instructions. Click OK or If other buttons that ColorSync the Every or and Thats why to to match the displayed its or of that The ColorSync from to another match as closely as
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM The EPSON If or other other The and options only when or Quality. ColorSync information from each including EPSON COLOR 3000to First Then software to the of to Follow these Click ColorSync Profile the Apple Click the Profile button. Select from the and then Select ColorSync the to from. Access the as Click Advanced and then More Click ColorSync the right of the Profile choose EPSON Choose of the following options photographs. the the they within the the relationships graphics-intensive with charts and the of from to another. as precisely as that within the of the and where the the Click OK and then Custom
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Custom You to of If the or when selected, the selected the to Custom To to the To Custom as with and to the Custom the Then easily the the Follow these as this chapter. Click the the (If Advanced You of the following: to characters) and the The choose the when click Advanced and then Custom
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Custom If follow these to Select Advanced Click Select the of the Custom and (You of the types.) Custom To the options the follow these Select Advanced Select the of the to the Custom the as necessary. (If the and the to Custom this Click Select the of the the Custom If using You the Click OK to (Click to On the Then the to (Click to Custom
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Custom
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM EPSON COLOR about of to You and the with EPSON specially coated feeding options of or including sheets, and and You of once, switching them with of the paper-release when ready to them. This chapter covers the following: sheets the and tear-off Switching and single-sheet or other
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM The type of or other of the factors the of You with and EPSON specially coated the the EPSON offers specially EPSON of To EPSON and other EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM EPSON Quality A4 A3/B A2 EPSON Heavyweight A3 A3/B EPSON A4 A3 A3/B EPSON A4 A2 A3/B EPSON A4 S041063 S041064 EPSON A3/B A3 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 A3/B S041160 A3/B S041203 Proofing S041062 S041061 S041067 S041070 S041069 S041079 S041171 S041102 S041257 S041260 S041263 S041134 S041141, S041271, S041272 S041140 S041142 S041156 S041143 S041145 S041233 S041126 S041124 S041123 S041133 S041151 S041405 S041407 S041406 S041408 S041409
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM with this sheets) A3/B A2 to the thickness sheets) Loading the Continuous EPSON Quality A3/B A2 EPSON Quality Loading the EPSON with with the leading the to the thickness Loading and Software Whether or to to the the below. You to the software and the to match the loaded. of this sheets the built-in as Then this software Quality
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Additional Loading If the option shown the the Quality the More as the or the the Custom the Chapter information. to the option, to the that to correctly; follow instructions the the and the If the protective sheets each of to the protective to the of the the the such as or the as follows: with the top leading the the the the the built-in or the within of purchase. and within months. sheets and to their as as information. EPSON include cleaning of EPSON the cleaning included with the the instructions the
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM cleaning information. to the cleaning the with the as shown below: the following sections instructions: (built-in instructions instructions instructions. instructions. You of to inches using the (built-in or the the the front of the Then the the top of the or the information the Follow the instructions the sections below to sheets of from these
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM The inches Loading the You type of to inches the the the arrow the right If than inches of sheets of the type. Turn the the paper-release to the the thickness to the and the thickness to the cards, and heavy
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM the and the cover. If that inches or the right the clicks If the than inches the right the right right
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM the to match the of Then the the If than A4 inches), the and the (the acts as the of and then the right
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM the with the and the the Gently the the right If the with the leading the You of
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM If 6-inch the with the leading the the the of the the or to match the of the cover and the If than A4 inches), and the cover to match the of the
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM that isnt the the top of the If the the instead of the the built-in To cloth, or other the the instructions. follow the instructions or to the Source and other software. Then If the of the and the to If the smears the thickness to the and If where them, them software. the to with the buttons; instructions. Loading the You of the without from the type of that inches and Turn the the paper-release to the
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM The inches the thickness to the and the thickness to the cards, and heavy If currently the from the or the the to the or of the If that inches or the right the its right with the arrow the feed If the than inches the right the right
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM the to the of the with the and its right the right Then the the You the with the leading the the the the If the straight, the Load/Eject the to the then
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM that isnt from the the If from the the instead of the the to tear-off the to the tear-off automatically. Follow the instructions B-8. The inches follow the instructions or to the Source and other software. Then If the smears the thickness to the and If top and where them, them software. the to with the buttons; instructions. To another the the as To switch back to from the the to off the light. Then another Continuous You the built-in tractor the back of the without from the type of that inches and inches such as or Turn the theres enough the back to the and enough front the to without obstruction. the supply within of the
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM If the tear-off turned off. If this and off the B-8 instructions the tear-off using the paper-release to the the thickness to the the off the
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM the to them the the the right Press the to the right to the of Then the the as shown the previous both covers.
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM If of while the and lights the and the to the the the first four the both then the covers. the right to the Then the to If necessary, of feed straight the tractor the the top of the the of the beneath the cover the catch as
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM If to the the the of the to the or tear-off This and to the top-of-form information to the tear-off Follow the instructions or as to to Tractor as the Source option and then choose the The and when the the Follow the the section to correctly. Continuous finished follow these to it from the type and the of the tear-off If the tear-off turned advanced to the tear-off the of to If the tear-off turned off (the the LF/FF as as necessary to the to the tear-off to If the tear-off turned off (the and tear off the of the back of the Then the LF/FF the as as to the from the and
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM when the This would backward, causing them to off the the and tear off the the perforation the tear-off If the perforation the tear-off the tear-off as Press the to the of the to the ready the If the smears the thickness to the and If where them, them software. to it using the buttons. the section instructions. the The and buttons allow to to and tear-off
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM the the of the to the or tear-off This would and to the top-of-form the that too high or the and the corrected software You manually or The them when off the If and the perforation with the tear-off when these to the tear-off the Loading Follow these to the of If and the the the of the paper-release the paper-release to the the or the to the Press the to of or the first to the top-of-form Press the to or the to Press as as to the the reaches the further. Follow the instructions or as to The when off the
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM the tear-off when This backward, causing them to tear off the the Tear-off First that and the tear-off Follow these to the tear-off Press the to feed or the to Press as as to the perforation with the tear-off the reaches the further. Tear off Press the to feed the of the to the ready the The tear-off it when off the instructions tear-off B. Switching Continuous and both and the switch whenever to them. Follow these If the tear off the Then the the to feed the to the If loaded, the to the
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM If the and lights flash, the paper-release when loaded. the back to its and the to or the Then the to its To switch to the paper-release to the sheet To switch to the paper-release to the follow the instructions or to the Source and other software. Then The the type of selected when the or Other You EPSON to to inches follow the instructions below to the (You instructions.) Then the instructions softwareWindows or Macintoshin the sections that follow. and professional the optional (C815052) recommended. EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM the Loading follow the instructions B-8 to the Select these options: Turn the the of the the LF/FF Turn tear-off the the to the cut-off finished these off the to seconds, then the with the paper-release to the the thickness to the
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM the cover. both as from the as they the that the the from the top of the (the the the right Then the to match the the the the the too tightly; otherwise the properly.
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM the tightly wound the While holding both of the the the feed The the to the (If the crooked, the to backfeed the and Follow the instructions below to or Macintosh. from Follow these to or other the or other software. You or orientation. Choose or from the You selected, and then the or (You to of these buttons, software.) You the as shown
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM software allow to than inches. software Click the You the following: If from the Source At the of the options, where the of to inches). If the to otherwise, with If Tractor the Source. At the of the of the options, where the of and the of If the to otherwise, with Click to Click to
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM With NT, the includes of of the to characters), and of instructions these the the of the At the of the choose The following appears: the field and to inches the (This or Click OK to Choose or specified the software. the necessary. Click the to to the Choose the that matches or cloth as the choose the of the software as and Then OK Click OK or to (You to of these buttons, software.) type to inches
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM The the off (or tear off) and turning off the finishes the the to the off (or tear off) (as as the tear-off If necessary, the buttons to the or to the off If the optional follow the instructions to the To If to another the the back to the when If awhile, its another type of to the Source and software as and to off the instructions B-8.
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM You to each to them selecting them from the the from Follow these to or other the or other software. You or Choose from the You the following: If from the Source If Tractor the Source. Click the button.The following appears: Click to Click the New Click to Click to Click to
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM software allow to than inches. software The the off (or tear off) and turning off the the New Then type the field and of to inches the Height (This or Click OK Choose or the of the or created. the necessary. Click OK Choose from the or the You (as shown Choose the that matches or cloth as the choose the of the software as and Then to finishes the the to the off (or tear off) (as as the tear-off If necessary, the buttons to the or to the off If using the optional follow the instructions the following section. to the To If to another the the back to the when it If awhile, its
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM If purchased the optional its instructions. The cut-off when off the another type of to the Source and software as and to off the instructions B-8. Printed Follow these to the optional If turned tear-off (as instructed the the to the tear-off when finished If tear-off the LF/FF to the to the cut-off Press and buttons as to the of the to the of the the of the the the the the to the right while slightly the of the If the too apply or the instead of smooth the the to the the If to another the the back to the when it to If the right with
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM You to the when other the to the when finished with If to the its instructions. Press the to the backward. back the the of the feed and the completely the and lights Press the to off the lights. If awhile, its C another type of to the Source and software as and to off the instructions B-8. If to the paper-release as
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM software includes You them to to and If using to follow the procedures this chapter. This chapter instructions the following: with with NT Network PC Network With software includes the and The when to the It allows to the background while to and to to If that the and Network
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM and Network EPSON or and connecting to the through USB or through information about of these the The when to the It displays to about and the The the to software temporary the C:\TEMP or C:\WINDOWS\TEMP or directory, and assigns to The software then the to the right To the while the that appears the To the the EPSON or You the The displays the of and and them. of the things or release to or the from appearing whenever information the directory
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM If of Follow these to the as Click then the and Click and the Directory If when try to or directory. Follow these directory where to C:\SPLTEMP. the as Choose Directory from the the the directory to the created Then OK EPSON COLOR selected, and then choose from the The appears. the directory the as this checked. (If and the when Click OK and Network
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM and Network EPSON or and to the through USB or through the The displays the when to the to Follow these Access the as or Click the You the information about these three Chapter
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM To through the the and the of the options, the field to and the arrow to the option Click the EPSON You the with the and the top: the amount of and information about the and Network
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM and Network With NT NT and workstations include service to to or know when finished. If or from the or and the security, and options. NT software includes EPSON onitor3 and If using background EPSON onitor3 when to the It while to and that to printed. The to that You it to
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Background and EPSON The EPSON onitor3 to while To this however, to background and increase the memory onitor3. Follow these If background when selected the Chooser from the Apple Select the SC3000 or SC3000(AT) Background On and the Chooser. To increase the memory to EPSON the Then choose Info from the and the Memory to 2000K or 3000K, RAM. To while the EPSON the Application the right of the You the following: Select then to Click to the If background and to the and the and Network Click to
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM and Network the You the to the of and to the software about Follow these Choose from the or the You the Click the You the information about these three Chapter Click the The software the amount of and displays the Click to
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM If to interface the instructions. Network PC You or another operating First to the or softwares built-in If XP or the instructions NT, other network operating instructions or the softwares as Network XP or The of XP and Although this section shows XP, to the as of the following: XP, and Other and Right-click the EPSON COLOR then On the and Network
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM and Network You this Select TCP/IP and New You the TCP/IP Click Next. You this: the or IP the or IP and Next. Follow the instructions the to the Click to the then Apply the
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM If connected the directly to NT or using network NT instructions the If optional interface the that with the Connecting to the NT If optional interface and the software as the follow the below to the to each the the TCP/IP (or LPR) Follow the instructions to the interface the that with the To the to TCP/IP (or LPR) the and Right-click the EPSON COLOR then Select the and the LPR the Then New the IP of the the first and type the the Then OK Click You the and of the the Click OK to to the these each the that to the and Network
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM and Network the Softwares Network To softwares built-in first to the software the that the the instructions. Once the software to from each to directory the connected to the Follow the the sections to directory the connected to the (the and each the You to specify the and to the as the Follow these to the to the the EPSON (EPSPLMGR.EXE the \WINDOWS\SYSTEM or directory). this the Double-click the EPSON to the Double-click the to The appears. Click the Remote and then the from option. Click the and the directory that Click OK and the
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Follow these to the the as the the to The appears. Click the to Click the and the directory the Click OK and the Network Path If to to the and the connected to the Follow these Double-click Double-click the Right-click the EPSON COLOR and choose and Network
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM and Network Click the The following appears: Click the then the to the and OK the as the The appears. the this option Then OK
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Network If to to the optional Ethernet as the Then the EPSON and the Chooser. The EPSON with the other software. to the Follow these to the EPSON Double-click the EPSON Click the SC3000(AT) the Select the where located. New type from to distinguish from other the Click and then and Network
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM and Network the turned and then follow these to the Chooser from the Apple Click the SC3000(AT) Select the to of connected to the selected appears the right. Click the assigned to EPSON COLOR of the section. You to choice. Click OK. If appear, the turned and correctly connected, then RETRY. To compatibility, Background turned off. the Chooser.
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM You each head cleaning to the cleaning Its easy to EPSON COLOR its to follow the instructions this chapter and the This chapter covers the following procedures: Cleaning the heads the heads Cleaning the Transporting the Cleaning the Heads If unexpectedly light or from the or thin white to the heads. This the they properly. Cleaning the heads them only There to the heads: The Head Cleaning software The buttons. directly to the the connected optional interface and Transportation
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM and Transportation If lights flashing or to the instead. instructions. If when cleaning the heads, the light Press the to off the light and off the while the light flashing. If, however, the light flashing and the or off the the Head Cleaning Follow these to the from or the turned the lights off. Access the as Chapter Click the or the You the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the screen to the heads. You the or head or both. Cleaning each head to three which the and the and lights flash. the lights flashing, to to the and the cleaning the and or Confirmation and then Next instructions examining the If the If this four or the Chapter
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM If lights flashing or to the instead. instructions. If when cleaning the heads, the light Press the to off the light and off the while the light flashing. If, however, the light flashing and the or off the the the turned and the lights off. To the head, the Cleaning three seconds. To the head, the Cleaning three seconds. Cleaning each head to three which the and the and lights flash. the cleaning and the light without flashing, to the other head, wish. Then to to the and the cleaning the as Chapter Click the or the You the Click the then Next. the section instructions examining the If the If this four or the and Transportation
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM and Transportation its light flashing or If and the correctly the of and the light when the of To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. the the It should something this, with the and yellow: W01372 C01267 Each and straight should with or of You to or to the If If or deflected, the heads as the previous Cartridge light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020118 S020130 S020126 S020122 EPSON or www.epsonstore.com. (U.S. only). please
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM the the to Once becomes and Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with Removing and Cartridge You should only when its light flashing or the turned and the the top of the You four the the straight of the the the then from its the the with the first and the arrow the the the its The light off. If the partly of its and the and Transportation
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM and Transportation If Load/Eject; this the and to tear off the Follow the instead. Black With Empty Cartridge If of and its light with (If the of to when the Follow these Turn off the about seconds and then the back Dont the If there the path, the to or to to the tear-off Tear off and to the of the path. Access the software as Chapter the to Black and other as necessary. Then the To switch back to follow the to the Then the off and to to the to software as and
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM thats least inches the the Heads If to the heads. There to this: You the head software, as below. You the to the heads. of the connected directly to the the connected optional interface the Head the turned and the instructions). Access the as Click the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to and the and Transportation
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM and Transportation the of least inches the the paper-release to the Turn off the and the to head to both buttons three seconds releasing them. The of and instruction sheet to (the English). The then instructions the heads the choose. Press the the and lights the to Lights English Both lights off Yellow and off French flashing and off off and Spanish Both lights flashing and
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the Dont or the Press the The instructions the heads the Follow the instructions the the heads off the to head seconds, the to Cleaning the To its should clean following these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. the closed Clean of the with cloth. Transporting the If to to and the Follow these Turn the four of the and them the and Transportation
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM and Transportation If follow the this section, when the from to another, to the to the when Turn off the and the heads the right) If they the back they and the then off the the and lights flashing, then the from the and the from the the from the the and cover. the and cover. the and the the protective that with the Notice that with the to the upright as If the that the correctly the amount of the You of the lights or If the to properly, to instructions. If the the heads; the heads. the instructions earlier this chapter.
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM or other The first thing should the following the this chapter. Then the the fixed. This chapter everything to know about the following: Fixing and other includes of to To the the lights the instructions. You the to instructions, or (Macintosh). To whether the caused the the section instructions. Troubleshooting
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Troubleshooting thats least inches the head directly the If with reading to instructions. the information, the EPSON COLOR and the the EPSON or If of the this chapter EPSON as Where to the Introduction. You to whether the with the or other If the satisfactory, the or its the interface or software If the correctly, with the this chapter Follow these to the sheets of the Turn off the the LF/FF and the to the Then release both buttons. This the (If the off the the both seconds releasing them.)
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM off the while To the the button, then off the The first the first and to the length. The and character To the while turning the instead of LF/FF The the the to If the to Then off the to the Quality You often the following: Clean the heads Chapter instructions). higher Chapter of EPSON Match the the software to the type of the the thickness to the Chapter Turn off High the software option the software Chapter the the of the lights first. Chapter instructions.) Troubleshooting
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Troubleshooting Printed The match the The of the The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. the lights to which to The Chapter The MicroWeave option Turn MicroWeave the software. Chapter information. or appears. The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. High or If off High the turned software Chapter information). The heads the Head Chapter The incorrect or The option to the to Chapter instructions. Black The match the The of the to the matches the or other Then the software other the quality. through the and correctly the and Chapter instructions. the matches the or Then the software other the through the and correctly the and Chapter instructions.
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM The and options incorrectly type. The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. The ICM or ColorSync (Macintosh) incorrect the lights to which to The or empty. Chapter instructions. The displayed match the The software The or The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. The match the The or dirty. the lights to which to The Chapter instructions. of If its light the incorrectly the with Chapter instructions. This the the the following the instructions the or choose type information. and to exactly match those the ICM or ColorSync Chapter information. You to software. software information. the matches the or other Then the software other the through the and with the facing correctly. instructions. Troubleshooting
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Troubleshooting and the Network I/F turned off. Turn off only. The or smeared. The thickness the thickness to the and the Chapter instructions. The or the You Follow the instructions Chapter and without the that sheets. You to or other non-recommended The match the The the smearing the the Clean the to Chapter instructions. and with the option to the High (or and MicroWeave with head. turning the Network I/F to this the B-8 instructions. the and with the facing correctly. Chapter instructions. or the specifications B. If the heads as Chapter the matches the loaded. Then the software other the through information. each from the as as to Follow the instructions to with Then the following the instructions Chapter Turn off High following the instructions Chapter Then the heads following the instructions Chapter
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Photographic or rough. The heads the heads following the instructions The of Increase the image-editing software, too or the of the only. selected and software Select and the selected. the lights and the empty. necessary. Chapter instructions and with If the first that: The turned and the light the The securely thats switch or The interface securely connected to the and and both turned Troubleshooting
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Troubleshooting lights off. The Turn off the and the securely. the light nothing The interface connected securely or both the and specifications. The internal Turn off the and the interface and as or software incorrectly. enough memory to the the or the NT the EPSON and Then (Macintosh). The heads or the too using incompatible optional interface board or with mismatched If cant the following Turn off and Then the securely and both the and specifications. specifications, B. specifications, If the correctly, and software installation. If as Chapter of the following: the of Select or memory to the or the NT and Chapter instructions. If the sounds trying to the heads; Chapter instructions. If cleaning the information and instructions, Chapter the specifications interface and they match the Network I/F turned B-8).
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM The light flashing or If flashing, the and follow the If or or the and it as incorrectly. Chapter Then the to turn off the light and If the incorrectly the loaded. light flashing or If flashing, the supply You to the indicated then Chapter instructions. If the You the indicated Chapter empty. instructions. the lights then off. The match the lights flashing. internal Turn off seconds, and If the occurred. lights or EPSON as the Introduction. the paper-release tractor-fed or Chapter information. the the back of to its If match off the and it immediately. Then the back Troubleshooting
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Troubleshooting The finished charging the light flashing. The to If the light flashing and or the off. If the light flashing when back EPSON as the Introduction. The sounds nothing The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. The too information and instructions, Chapter of If light the incorrectly the with Chapter instructions. This the The software with earlier of correctly software correctly operating software, the New operating Click occurred. You connected the the software. the software operating as the Follow the instructions the to the with the
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM You or caused temporary too to the enough memory the You the information the You using or and connecting to the through USB or through You memory You to increase the memory EPSON or both. of other or off enough memory. background You to increase the memory EPSON or both. the directory, following the instructions Chapter of the following: the of Select or memory to information or when through USB or You switch to the or operating You to and the Choose Info from the when active and increase the memory information. off background to Choose Info from the when active and increase the memory Chapter information. off background to Troubleshooting
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Troubleshooting too software the the following: options incorrectly. Quality to Turn High Choose Choose Black and information. the of enough Clear or Dont too the Turn off memory. Increase memory (RAM). background Choose Info from the when active and increase the memory Chapter information. off background to incorrect switches to the or the inactive. the conflicts. the AppleShare, FileShare, and PrinterShare and to the Then Apple Peripheral-8 specifications. appear the Chooser the GX. conflicts. EPSON and EPSON then Macintosh. directory and other as Chapter
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM The Sorry, EPSON COLOR used appears (Macintosh). The and the corrupted. You turned the and The charging the the finishes charging the heads heads. If the turned off while the to charge the heads This to off the while the heads the software CD-ROM If necessary, the EPSON CD-ROM to its Then the EPSON Double-click EPSON At the Then and from the Click the OK the instructions the the GX. EPSON and EPSON then Fixing You the following: smooth, high-quality that the specifications B. the and Follow and instructions included with the and Chapter Troubleshooting
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Troubleshooting feed correctly from the this Then this the of that the from the Isnt or creased. Isnt too thick or thin B). Isnt too Chapter or Isnt the Chapter Isnt the (If the light flashing, Then the as Chapter that: The paper-release back to the sheet The the without The fits the length. The and cover the path. (Press to of the correctly from the this Then this the from the that the Isnt or creased. Isnt too thick or thin B). Isnt too Chapter or Isnt the (If the light flashing, Then the as that: The paper-release back to the sheet The the without The the the the path. (Press Load/Eject to of the If with feeding, or
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM feed correctly from the this Then this the from the tractor following the instructions feed the this Then this the of the isnt too thin the specifications B). the of the of to the sheets. the as Chapter to only the amount of directed and If of or than expected, that the both the software and to and information. that the Isnt or creased. Isnt too thick or thin B). Isnt too Chapter or Isnt the (If the light flashing, Then the as that: The paper-release to the The enough to the front and back to and without obstruction. The the the and their covers closed, and the too the path. (Press to sheets.) that: The and correctly or software.) The perforation, tear-off, and correctly B). Troubleshooting
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Troubleshooting the this Then this Turn off the cover, and that torn off or If the the If when the or too thin. You to the the of the counterclockwise to the torn of this when the the top-of-form and the If there or Then the as Chapter If frequently, smooth, high-quality with the correctly type and the and then the Dont too type and the or to the of without too Press the to the Then the software, software, or the specifications the with.) the specifications thicknesses with, as as
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Characters incorrect or the Select as the or instructions. selected the Chooser and the the Chooser. instructions. or the NT If background corrupted. The interface Turn off and Then the securely connected. connected securely and the specifications. The interface match The incorrect. Margins incorrectly software the software incorrect Printout If what expected, these the or the NT following the instructions Chapter Then the EPSON and Then Increase the memory EPSON as and I/F the the instructions. If what to try both to Normal. software instructions selecting the The inches the within the of the information. the and information. Troubleshooting
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Troubleshooting The inverted as You option software or the software. The The head Clean the heads following the instructions Chapter clogged. the software incorrect the Select as the or instructions. selected the Chooser and the the Chooser. instructions. Turn off the or software or the software. Chapter information. Select the and information.
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM You the EPSON to and HPGL or HPGL/2 and then them Follow the instructions this to the and with EPSON and You and EPSON to the to that and the software following the instructions the EPSON Follow these to EPSON the connected to the the EPSON CD-ROM Click then D:\SETUP (where the of CD and OK Follow the instructions the to the The EPSON or containing the and and Uninstall EPSON A-1
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM EPSON HPGL/2 whenever HPGL/2 of the assigned CAD than HPGL which to or With EPSON EPSON the following to the EPSON COLOR software the connected to the the instructions.) Turn the HPGL or HPGL/2 software Copy that to the connected to the necessary. follow these to EPSON and Double-click the EPSON the EPSON or You the following from the the choose the HPGL or HPGL/2 to and OK of the appears the EPSON A-2
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM The around the the If the EPSON the of the and the and coordinates. If or to than what shown the Select from the the EPSON COLOR necessary, and You the Follow the instructions and to the to the Source and options and EPSON the exactly as appear when finished selecting software OK Then OK the If to the the and to the To the the and the to, from the Click OK to the EPSON COLOR A-3 EPSON
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM EPSON and information the while finished with EPSON from the to the A-4
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM yellow) of each and Bidirectional with text and graphics. the ESC/P and expanded graphics IBM XL24E inch 1/8-inch and 1/360-inch milliseconds 1/3-inch 64KB Character pitch (characters inch) condensed) condensed) Specifications (characters second) LQ B-1
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Specifications The the selected with software You to the internal allow to Character and graphics character Character international character and character Character selected with B-8 instructions). Font EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON cpi=characters inch. Scalable Font EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON B-2
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM type Thickness sheets inches) A4 A5 inches) inches) A2 A3/B inches) A3 inches) US C inches) B3 B4 B5 inches) and A4 A6 only) A3/B inches, only) inches) A2 A4 sheets inches DL inches C5 inches Index A6 inches distributed EPSON to inches to distributed EPSON and distributed EPSON and distributed EPSON distributed EPSON A4 distributed EPSON or to inch to to to to inch to to to to to to inch to to inch to inch inch to inch to to to B-3 Specifications
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Specifications type Thickness Continuous each to inches to each to inches to inches the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of sheets, back light and cloth these to F to C) Humidity: to RH EPSON Quality and Quality should these to F to C) Humidity: to RH and BL BR to inch to to to thickness: inch thickness: inch A: The top inch BL: The inch A3 A2 US and US C which inch BR: The right inch A3 and A2 which inch and US and US C which inch C C: The inch The inches of the or B-4
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM A: The top inch BR BL C Continuous Cartridges Specification Black (S020118) (S020130) (S020126) (S020122) capacity* (ISO/IEC Cartridge years from to F to C) month F C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) The often the head. It thaws and approximately hours F C). To EPSON Other products to covered warranty. Dont the the expired. BL, BR: The and right inch C: The inch A: The top and and below the perforations inch B: The right and inch The inches (A4, each to F to C) month F C) hours F C) B-5 Specifications
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Specifications Mechanical Friction, front Tractor rear of information, Chapter (A3, only) inches inches Height inches without the the the back of the Operation: to F to C) to F to C), month F C) hours F C) Humidity Operation: to RH to RH without Specification 120V 240V to 132V to 264V Rated to to Rated 0.7A 0.4A 21W (ISO/IEC B-6
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM UL with D3, CSA C22.2 with D3 EMC FCC Interfaces interface IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 interface Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 Amphenol Connector or Based RS-423 Synchronization: Synchronous X-ON/X-OFF, DTR Word Parity Stop Connector: Recommended Apple Peripheral-8 (preferably brand) B-7 Specifications
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Specifications The functions while the to follow the instructions and to exited With includes internal that active whenever the These functions such as the and they to the to to them. to such as these Turn tear-off when or when Turn when Select slashed instead of when where the easily confused with O You or the the Follow the the section. To and instruction of follow these four or of least inches the instructions. Turn off the B-8
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM While holding the the to the to both three seconds, then release them. The of and instruction to (the English). If to the instructions another the the and lights the to Lights English Both lights off and off French flashing and off off and Both lights flashing and Press the The instructions the Follow the instructions the to the necessary as the section. them (To without the finished Load/Eject to Then off the to seconds, then to B-9 Specifications
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Specifications switches bidirectional text (the head both and graphics the of text only, become to off or the heads instructions). the when graphics, Font T, H, Pitch or or I/F (interface) connected to Option interfaces, the to from interface Select or Option only to from other interface types. I/F (interface) or seconds If choose the I/F selects the the from interface from another interface. Software ESC/P IBM the the to XL24E the and graphics ESC/P If to IBM IBM XL24E of The below the options each The factory type the below. The with instruction If software of these or If software or characters inch of these. B-10
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM CR (IBM XL24E On IBM XL24E whether the only) when reaches the right (On) or only when the AGM (IBM XL24E On IBM XL24E high only) graphics command or off. Character The character PC437 International character The character U.S.A feed On the to line-feed operation every (On) or to Network I/F (interface) On whether the (On) or than Selects slashed or to when command received. or the inches or Other of the sheets. the of perforation On If software top and this On to one-inch the perforation to text tear off On or this On to the perforation or of the sheet to the tear-off It the to the top-of-form when the Turn this when they tear off the B-11 Specifications
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM Specifications On this On, treated as with the paper-release the sheet This the from too of the when the LF/FF I/F (interface) Normal the the B-12
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM character of numbers, and that with the characters characters inch of the of text characters, to as pitch. The that appear when graphics. MicroWeave The of the memory to CMYK yellow, and These to the of ColorSync software that to WYSIWIG (what what This software as them or that when the turned or initialized. dithering halftoning which Dithering with such as charts and inch. The the software that instructions to to what to from and instructions to the to this G-1
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM This halftoning smooths of ESC/P The of the ESC/P Commands this features, such as and graphics This and clearer. that this increase the of of from to white. to when with only. halftoning of to to of or nearly of using only of the to its of This or the interface The the and such as interfaces, and interface or interface ESC/P This of commands of from It EPSON and computers. of type of which each or precisely second. This to the G-2
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM MicroWeave that to reduce the of This with of which interface interface. that to the while or they printed. The to the It the and then them to the assigned It while the The of which the It than the physical of the to which the of the character from character to character. than lowercase The than typewritten Fonts that or reduced. Non-scalable and cant This as they appear instead of them as halftones. which printed, such as and To to its command, INIT or turning the off and then back The of inch to RGB Red, and These phosphors irradiated the to the of G-3
Loire-PLUS.BK.book PM interface interface EPSON software that that EPSON software that displays the such as or the amount of Colors that of light and others. CMYK The which the the that This then to the directly or to the G-4