Sign-off: rights of this publication reproduced, or or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORP. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORP. its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON CORP.s operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORP. or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORP. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. CPD-6707 Printed DR, A5 Ref. HUDSON
DR, A5 Ref. This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT United States WARNING
DR, A5 Introduction Sign-off: Ref. Information Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the or or heat the The properly it or or cover the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded using outlets the as or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the rating of the the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the Information
DR, A5 Introduction Ref. as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and protection this the building protected with other of to through the following of operating the or the the head hand; this the Information
of If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of or to them. This the head. Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced quality. the the the within months of them. this turn the off the switch. The light flashes the head capped, which the right the or off the to the outlet the light flashing. The the head when seconds. the the head the right and the DR, A5 Introduction Ref. Information
Sign-off: Chapter to and Functions NERGY STAR C and Products and Notes Where to DR, A5 Chapter Ref. to
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. and Functions cover sheet to light light light thickness switch cleaning
Function or and released within seconds. Cleaning Lights The lights or to the charging or cleaning the head. the then the to The nearly empty. (S020138). The or empty. or the (S020138). flashing, DR, A5 Ref. the head to the seconds while the light flashing or the head to its head cleaning seconds when the light off. the of the and the If the light to flash, off the and the of the to
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. To with PC, Microsoft Workgroups, or and shielded, twisted-pair The following shows the using the software and included the CD-ROM with Recommended or higher 16MB RAM 32MB RAM or 20MB 50MB or free VGA VGA or NERGY TAR The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused to NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency.
and Products Interface EPSON of interface You interface that the below. Interface (shielded) C83602 from D-SUB to Amphenol The the of the which country. S020138 EPSON specifically high-quality EPSON (A4) S041025 S041059 EPSON S041060 EPSON Quality (A4) S041026 S041061 EPSON Quality S041062 EPSON Quality S041067 EPSON Quality Card (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality (A4) S041071 EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON Quality (A6) S041107 DR, A5 Chapter Ref. to
DR, A5 Chapter EPSON Quality (A4) S041126 EPSON Quality S041124 EPSON (A4) S041063 EPSON S041064 EPSON Quality Sheet (A4) S041106 EPSON S041134 to the of its and cool, and Notes the and Notes this as follows: followed to injury. to to Notes information and the of to
Where to EPSON technical through services and telephone services hours The following the information: services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Download You the EPSON Download Service Service software to parity. to of CompuServe type GO EPSON EPSON CompuServe the to reach the America free introductory CompuServe membership, and Automated telephone services Service Access EPSON to commonly SoundAdvice SM about EPSON products hours EPSON FaxAdvice TM Access technical information You to this service. EPSON the location of Authorized Service EPSON or Customer DR, A5 Chapter Ref. to
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. To to technical (U.S.) or to through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product of the You purchase and from EPSON (U.S. only). please If another software with EPSON the that technical information. to
Sign-off: Chapter the Unpacking the Attaching the the the the Cartridge Connecting the to PC the Software the software or the software of the software DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. This chapter to If already this as the follow the (If to Chapter Unpacking the should include CD-ROM, which includes the software that and the following items: protective with and the Follow the instructions the NOTICE with the to these and protective to the the CD-ROM software)
Attaching the the the the of the as shown below. Choosing the Follow the below when selecting location the The properly or the enough to the the interface to reach easily. enough the the front of the the to flow freely of easy and DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. or the to and humidity. from sunlight, light, or heat to and the where the easily French-speaking users: fiche outlets switches or timers. Also, outlets the as or other that the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded using the following: that least that the The should the
the that the turned off. the properly grounded the Cartridge Warning: The self-contained ordinary from If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with Follow the below to the the the or the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Turn the The light and the light the cleaning three seconds. The light and the head slightly to the the head hand. the cleaning to the the 26-A
the cover. the as as the protective from the the Next, the yellow from the top of the as shown below. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the the with the and the arrow to the rear. the arrow the You the from the the with the yellow attached permanently the whole the white from the top of the the yellow the from the of the otherwise, (S020138)
Press the Press the cleaning The the head to its right) the cleaning the the head back to its about seconds the The charges the This operation the first the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Once the the the the become the charging the light flashes. off the while the light flashing; this charging of the
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the cover. The of the amount of text and graphics or the of the Cartridge Chapter Connecting the to PC To the to the built-in interface, shielded, twisted-pair the to the as follows: both the and turned off. the securely the interface Then the together they both If ground wire, to the ground below the interface the
the other of the the interface. If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the section instructions the software. You the software the Software the to the software as this section. The software CD-ROM includes: EPSON COLOR The software that or With such as type, and The the of The Head and Head top operating on-screen to information and instructions to If or follow the instructions below. If DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the software or Follow these to the software or and the off. the Software CD the CD-ROM Click then the type D:\SETUP the CD-ROM D). You the to CD-ROM and the the directory. Click OK You the EPSON EPSON COLOR selected, and OK to the installation. the OK You the EPSON software and the EPSON COLOR selected as the information the and Chapter the
the software Follow these to the software using and the the Software CD the CD-ROM From the choose You the the Command type D:\SETUP and OK the CD-ROM D.) Select the COLOR the EPSON Then OK to the the OK software and the EPSON COLOR selected as the information the and Chapter DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. of the software You of the software and CD-ROM MB, high-density Follow the the software, when to the type EPSETUP instead of SETUP the creation Then follow the instructions the the
Sign-off: Starting to Loading Accessing the and From From or From Information Through From From or From DR, A5 Chapter Ref. to
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Loading This section to the You cards, photo-quality and sheets. instructions Chapter the thickness to the Starting to
the and the to the as as of with the and the right of the resting the right of the The to sheets of or the arrow which located the of the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Starting to
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the the of the then the to the the of and Then to the While the of the straight and the Then the the This that the properly the and from the to
Accessing the and There to the from the or or from The choose the to If the to apply only to the From applications below. If the to become the From or or From the should the from to that the From To the from within the and choose or the that appears or You to of these buttons, the The and the The the Click the the top of the to them. information the the to DR, A5 Chapter Ref. to
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. From or Follow these to the and from the or Click to and click Right-click the EPSON COLOR and The appears. The and the information about the the the of these to the information. The the Check, Head and Head Chapter instructions the From Follow these to the and from the the and the Double-click the Select the COLOR from the Choose You the of the The and the The the Click the the top of the to them. information the the to below). Starting to
Information Through software includes with information and instructions about and the of about the and the From To from the and choose or Then or to of these buttons) the software Click the the of the and related to the items that If or related to item right-clicking the then clicking the Whats This? From or To directly from the to and and then EPSON COLOR You the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Starting to
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. From To directly from the EPSON and the EPSON COLOR You the Starting to
Sign-off: Chapter the Thickness and the thickness the Loading and Other About cleaning Loading DR, A5 Chapter Ref.
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Thickness and to the thickness and the these the and the or the path. the thickness The thickness and thick You should the to the that the to as shown the below. coated Thick cards, sheets, thick
the thick such as or smears the to the To the the cover and the as shown below. If the smears, the to the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. coated cards,
DR, A5 Loading and Other You EPSON such as coated and of EPSON or the instruction with first, and the following The facing when the The thickness and to the type of the Thickness and The EPSON below. and Quality corner* features corners to the to the arrow the to the arrow
Quality to cards. Cards the beneath the Quality One the the Quality One If to sheets, to sheets and the top of the to A6 sheet or of the to of the of Quality One to the of *If with the the About cleaning sheets EPSON such as Quality and cleaning with the Every of that includes cleaning feed the cleaning through the or Follow the instuctions the cleaning DR, A5 Ref.
DR, A5 Chapter Loading You to the sheet the thickness to thick and the to that or using that too thin; they Select as the the top first with the
Sign-off: Chapter and Transportation the Cartridge Cleaning the Head the Head Cleaning the the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Cartridge light when to the flashing light that the the empty, the and the light continuously. If to the with the light flashes, Fixing Cartridge EPSON recommends the of EPSON Other products EPSON to covered warranties. the the ready to with Once becomes and the or the to malfunction. To the follow these the light and the light flashing or the cover. and Transportation
the cleaning three seconds. The light flashing, and the head slightly to the If the cleaning three seconds when the light off, the cleaning the head. The head to the right) about seconds the the as as it the partly of the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the head hand. the cleaning to the Once the the becomes and the or the to malfunction. and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the of the and of properly. the or try to the Next, only the from the top of the as shown below. and Transportation Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with You the yellow from the the with the yellow attached permanently the whole the white from the top of the the the from the of the otherwise, (S020138)
the the with the and the arrow to the rear. the Press the Press the cleaning to the head to the right The charges the about the cleaning the the head back to its about seconds the the cover. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. The light to while the the charging operation. off the while the light flashing; this charging of and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Cleaning the Head If that unexpectedly or to these cleaning the head. This that the properly. You the head from with the Head Cleaning the software, or from the the buttons. head cleaning To wasting the head the to that the head to cleaned. This information. the Head Cleaning or while otherwise the light flashing or the head. the first. the Head Cleaning To the Head Cleaning the that the light and the light off. and Transportation
If the light flashing or the head, and this operation the If to this the cleaning to the head to its the cleaning three seconds. The cleaning the head and the light flashing. This operation about to off the while the light flashing. the light flashing, from to that the head clean and to the cleaning If the and then to the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. and Transportation 26-A
DR, A5 Ref. the Head If of to this from using the Head the the as then the the top of the software Click the Head Follow the to the head. and Transportation least inches) A4 first. the head directly the
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly the turned off. Then the cord. from the to and If the or the of the sheet dirty, with cloth with the cover closed to from If the of the with off with cloth. Warning: to the the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the or service DR, A5 Chapter Ref. and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Transporting the To the and as follows: the cover and the head the right of the If the and the head to the right Turn off the and the cover. the from the then the interface from the the from the and the path; then the the protective to the the the the the and Transportation the when the Removing the the
Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting the and supply Operation Increasing the Fixing Cartridge DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the If something with to the by: Checking the below). Performing the Trying the recommended and If and the lights the or flashing, the following to and the and the the then the to this light off. The The and the correctly. Loading Chapter the the of the and the as Chapter If the light to flash, off the and the of the If tears and the the cover and the of The or the (S020138). or empty. Turn off the seconds and If the cleared, Unknown unknown Turn off the and occurred. flashing, Troubleshooting
operation Performing whether the from the or the Follow these both the and turned off. Unlock the both of the interface and the ground necessary. Then the from the interface the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. least inches) otherwise, the head directly the the and smear Troubleshooting 14-A Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Ref. the and the then release the The including the of ROM, the counter and typical The and white, the (CMYK). Troubleshooting 26-B+ check1.tif
Turn off the finishes If the operation appear as shown the right and the the software the interface or the and below and to the If of the the there with the This or head. Cleaning the Head or the Headon and This section four supply to the section that the of the and the that matches the The and from the to the least them the that they written the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Ref. supply The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of The and the lights off. What to Turn the The light The turned off. The switch or The of another the outlet to whether the If The properly the Troubleshooting the and outlet ratings. If the match, the immediately and Warning: the to that matching Turn off the the the and the back If the lights
The light nothing What to The interface Confirm that the securely securely. to the and the If the connected correctly, as interface both the and specifications. software properly that selected software. Nothing and of the lights or flashing. What to Several the occurred once. to what of occurred, and the recommended DR, A5 Chapter interface that both and specifications. If or the software as Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter The sounds nothing What to The head Clean the head. If this The than months or the the The operation nothing from What to selected Select the software. section of software. The interface both the and Select this IBM AT the To this the EPSON the EPSON and from the memory to the of Troubleshooting Clean the head. If that the the If the light off, Fixing Cartridge that the shown Interface reducing the of software. memory Select or as below.
and white. What to selected Select software. software. selected or the DR, A5 Chapter choose as the To the to and choose Then the and the information this the the then and choose Then choose from the information this If to information, Select and the to If the and white, from another If this the the of the with. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. too high or too the What to Margins incorrectly that the correctly the The of the the match the within what What to The and the amount of the too high. The head to the unexpectedly. What to The cleaning while the light flashing or Troubleshooting the of or the within to match the of the of and Increasing the this chapter. High and significantly increase the amount of to processed. These factors the The or of the as
The New appears though the software already What to This the operating The appear only). What to The this option the The this option selected the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the New then OK this Click the button, to to and Then the the EPSON You this the to the To the the button, to and Right-click the and choose from the Click the then Select this Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. feed properly from the What to The too the Too sheets the of the the sheets, and the to the arrow the The the the of correctly. Loading the Turn off the and path. of the of the If tears and the the cover; then of The or The or creased. smooth sheets of The that the with the this the The too thin. the the this the Troubleshooting the and straight and the
The than What to The too the Too sheets the of the the sheet sheets, and the only to the arrow the The the the of correctly. Loading The thickness or the correctly. The too thin. the the this the Ejected What to The too thin or or its DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the and straight and the the thickness and correctly. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Ref. What to Press the to The too the that the this the or frequently. What to of the of and straighten together. The the the of correctly. The too thin or the the rough. this the that should than Too only to the arrow the the The of the turning the of correctly. the of the with arrow the of the the Troubleshooting the and
The or areas. What to The thickness or the correctly. The head Clean the head. clogged. The reduced to Select the The correct. and the the type of the To The What to or or the its The Select the correct. and the the type of the To DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the thickness and correctly. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Printed smeared. What to The thickness or the correctly. without the or of of EPSON Quality loaded. the the of the with clean cloth. Troubleshooting the thickness and correctly. the or of the with the or of the If to of to and the top of the to or Warning: to the the 02-A
White appear the What to The head Clean the head. clogged. The the to that the light flashing, then the The the of the incorrect. What to The head the head. The the High option selected. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the matches the type of the To Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Ref. what What to The the selected or the You the the the of the then the of the the The the to correct. they If these correct, the Also, information Colors than what What to the to Black selected The that the of the facing Troubleshooting the the and that the type and/or the information the using that the this the
The the match the loaded. to match the type of loaded, or that matches the The head of clogged. The ICM and properly and differently, match perfectly. Colors What to The the that the of coated of the If necessary, the and If the head. The the match the matches the type of the or that matches the DR, A5 Ref. Clean the head. Select the the of image-editing software and information information. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Ref. characters or graphics. The or areas. What to The head Clean the head. clogged. Black characters or graphics. The or areas. What to The head Clean the head. clogged. Photographic or rough. What to The the head. The of the or the the image-editing software too using the Head Cleaning the What to You attempted to clean the head while the or of Troubleshooting Increase the image-editing software. that higher to the light. If the light or flashing, the Head Cleaning the
Increasing the as high than because the of this reason, to selective of The following shows the factors that and (increasing the other). Quality High On characteristics High The below shows the factors related to only. software Black On On On On characteristics of Grayscale DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Priority Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. HDD free Memory free Software One memory Not the and software only to of from to white. Fixing Cartridge If cleaning and the head, to the to the the otherwise the become To the flashes, follow the below. Once becomes and the or the to malfunction. the then the cover. Troubleshooting
the three seconds, the head to the The light flashing. the of the properly. the yellow from the and the the Press the Press the The the head back to its and charges the The light to while the the charging operation. off the while the light flashing. Doing charging of the button, the the head back to its about seconds the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Once the the the the become Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
Sign-off: Specifications A-2 A-2 A-4 Cartridge (S020138) A-5 Mechanical A-6 A-6 A-7 A-7 DR, A5 Ref. Specifications A-1
DR, A5 Ref. yellow) (each EPSON Bidirectional with 25KB Since the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or A4 B5 inches inches inches Thickness to inch to to A-2 Specifications EPSON of inch than the which and of the The significantly and smoother than
inches inches DL Thickness to inch to to Index A6 distributed EPSON A4 inches A6 only) distributed EPSON sheets: A4 distributed EPSON inches distributed EPSON cards, and the thickness to Thick reduce and or other If switch to higher of or and to 77F to 25C) to RH DR, A5 Specifications A-3
DR, A5 cards/adhesive sheets/transparencies B-L A: The top inch of EPSON Quality the top inches B: The inch The right inch and The right and inch The right as follows: inch DL inches C: The inch the first. top first with the A-4 Specifications B-L B-R C B-R C
Cartridge (S020138) Colors Yellow, and Black capacity* (A4, each (A4, Text, only) Cartridge years from months 25C (77F) to 104F to 40C) month 104F (40C) to 140F to 60C) month 104F (40C) hours 140F (60C) 6C) (W) (D) (H) The often the head cleaning function and the It thaws and approximately hours 77F (25C). EPSON the of EPSON only. Other products EPSON to covered warranties. the the expired. DR, A5 Ref. Specifications A-5
DR, A5 Mechanical feed Friction path: About capacity: Width: inches Depth: inches inches without the to 132V to 264V Rated to to Rated 15W (ISO10561 the the back of the the of A-6 Specifications Width: inches Depth: inches inches 120V 240V
Operation: to 95F to 35C) to 140F to 60C) month 104F (40C) hours 140F (60C) Humidity: Operation: to RH to RH U.S. UL with D3, CSA C22.2 with D3 EN60950 (TV and NEMKO) EMI: U.S. FCC B, CSA C108.8 EN (CISPR EN EN EN Australian AS/NZS DR, A5 Ref. **Without Specifications A-7
DR, A5 Ref. Sign-off: The following apply specifically to software that such as or The that appear when graphics. This when the head bidirectional which the heads both This increases the of or which the of information or brightness The or of The of the memory to of information consisting of characters inch of the of text characters, to as pitch. CMYK yellow, and These to the of characters inch. or that when the turned or initialized. dithering which Dithering with such as charts and halftoning of which each or of
DR, A5 inch. The the software that instructions to to what to from or graphics and instructions to the to this which with to This halftoning smoothes of of type family of of from to white. Grayscale to when with only. of or to halftoning of using to to of or nearly of of halftones high which both This the to its of This every or the of which each or precisely interface The the and such as Generally, interfaces, and interface or interface The to which the loaded. which printed, such as and
This with of which interface interface. The of which the It than the physical of the to software that commands using the of the of the operation the the ROM counter and head should when the and or the The of inch to three Normal and If to that to the while or they printed. RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. To the or to its turning the off and then back The of inch to ROM Memory. of memory that only and ROM its when off the RGB Red, and These phosphors irradiated the to the of DR, A5 Ref.
DR, A5 Ref. The first The the that This then to the directly or to the The software that that The software that allows to the amount of This only. Colors that of light and others. CMYK