EPSON rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and ESC/P and ESC/P of Corporation. Copyright Corporation Action
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of WARNING
Instructions of these instructions Follow and instructions the the from the outlet and cloth cleaning, or cleaners. or the or other that allow the to or the These the to operation and protection from overheating. the or other the Also, the built-in provided. the or or heat the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with third (grounding) which fits grounding-type This If to the the the of the grounding-type where the If cord, that the of the the products the the cords Also, that the of products the of because they or that of fire or shock. as specifically the to the yourself. This to or other servicing those to service
the from the outlet and repaired service the following the or or If If to or If normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions of other and often technician to the to operation. If or the If performance, indicating service Where United States Can America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the Consumer Assistance locating Authorized or Service Technical with the installation, and of products Information ESC/P software of the ESC/P Reference which information ESC/P technical information service Product with technical specifications and products of ribbons, and Customer Relations
United the comply with their and of merchantable and their or with This the obligation or the rights of the the including Sections to of the of Act, Products, other than OEM products, operation or performance of ONE YEAR from of purchase the of the this MUST of purchase, normally the of and the responsibility of the to furnish such proof. (UK) or of the the to the from whom purchased or, this to who the the of difficulty, to the Service (UK) Limited. (UK) Limited, or Appointed Distributors, their or or of the to their satisfactory performance of the with its age and This covers the of both the and to malfunction of the specifically wear and tear, physical to incorrect or and or operation to unauthorized and inexpert The restricted to the performance of the and (UK) responsibility or or performance, when the with other or software. Product as of or or the specifications or the subjected to The cover to the or the or of the
of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to rating and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as follows: The and yellow to the the which with the or with the earth or coloured or and The connected to the the with the or coloured The connected to the the with the or coloured red. If to the the or only with of the and
There things should about as to that the first of correctly then too the or that the from the These easy to of the as below to the right normally what choose the Chapter the right to choose. include option to the If and using 11-inch the to A4, try To the right that top and to and then of from to the the first This If try the top or increasing the or both, the You the 11-inch the inches inches A4). whether using sheets or choose sheets.
Introduction advanced that high performance with of features. These You to characters The built-in to of You manually without ESC/P with from to this graphics The the ESC/P commands written other LQ and SQ You the upright or whichever of You choose from and professional The two-button easy to the optional (C80026*) to and switch single-sheet and without supply. This country. the country. Introduction
Introduction Around what this Chapter instructions testing, and connecting to and follow these instructions. Chapter of Chapter to the to It and troubleshooting information. The includes the specifications, commands, and character of and the and Notes Notes information and the of Introduction WARNING followed to injury. CAUTION to to
Chapter the Unpacking the Removing the protective Choosing the the Cartridge Attaching the the the Loading the the Connecting the to Application Software the
the should include these items. tractor*** cord** The attached the interface with of locations, the attached to the countries, the option C80026*). CAUTION: There of this and to the If the the back of the the country, the
the protective head and of the and the these protective items. the both of the cover to off the the protective cover. Then the protectors from the the of the the that the the these protective items with the other the the
Choosing the The or upright, as shown below. You whichever fits or selecting follow these the the rough the the otherwise. the enough to the its interface to reach the easy operation and locations that to sunlight, heat, or grounded the where easily the cord. switches or timers. outlets the as or other that the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the
If to follow these that least that the It should to enough clearance below the and the smoothly. they with feeding; them to of the the the straight the optional tractors the Ribbon Cartridge the the the both of the to off the Then the head to the of the CAUTION: the head while the this the Also, the the head cool Choosing the the
the Ribbon Cartridge Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. the the as shown; then both of the to the the Turn the ribbon-tightening to feed the twisted or creased. the
the cover its the the as shown below; then the cover. Attaching the You the to as they of the To the the the mounting the as shown below. to the and the when the the upright the Ribbon Cartridge the
the the switch the turned off. It off when the of the switch the the back of the to the the matches that of If the attached to the to the AC the the properly grounded the You the with or sheets; this section the with the CAUTION: If the rated and match, the cord.
Loading the the of the of A4- or and then to the The US others A4 The or A4) shown the of the The to sheets or the the the
the While holding the plate the the the the the the top of the the the as as it The of the the front of the the
the the turned off. While holding the FORM FEED the It the and the The characters the and character of typical !"#$%&I()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKL !'I#$%&'( /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLM "#$%&I()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMN #$%&I()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNCJ $%&I <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQ %I()*+,-. <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQR If the when the the three and the light flashes. as and the FORM FEED to the To the off the Connecting the to If the correctly, ready to to the You shielded twisted-pair to to the built-in interface. Follow these to the interface both the and turned off; then the securely the interface the the
Connecting the to the together they If ground wire, to the ground below the interface the through the then the the the of the the
the other of the the If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the If the or interface to the through the the back. Application Software the type of that the of the features. or that of Connecting the to the
Application Software features, including ESC/P choose of the first four the below. If of these software that includes of the four. choose another as to the top of the as LQ-100 ActionPrinter ESC/P2 LQ-570 LQ-870 LQ-510/550 LQ-860 LQ-850 LQ-200 ESC/P LQ-500 LQ-2550 LQ-2500 LQ-800 LQ-1500 If of these the first of the following: EX, FX, LX, RX, MX, these however, graphics correct. the as and the features, and that the shows the with If the what Troubleshooting or or software graphics the slightly appearance. If this choose software. the
Chapter the Loading manually.. Continuous with the Optional Tractor.. the Loading the tear-off the Switching Continuous and Switching to sheets Switching to the paper-thickness
You with the and sheets of from inches) to inches) with the insertion the To the the Loading the The below the performance when with the the the and the from the and to If the of the and the FORM FEED to the Press the FORM FEED to of You the top-of-form with the the cover. It and the cover and the to the The notches the the of characters. The affects the If to the top-of-form permanently, the software of the top and You to the top-of-form the
to the back the first from the Then the while the locking The the or You software or commands, necessary. the about commands. You switch to insertion or to the optional tractor without the instructions, Loading manually or Switching Continuous and this chapter. Loading manually You of from the insertion (If the optional tractor, manually.) the the upright and
Next, the the Then the the with the arrow the The automatically. the to the when insertion. You the top-of-form the that from the to switch to the the FORM FEED without the The from the CAUTION: to the the the If the insertion, the the without the
Continuous with Optional Tractor You the optional to from inches) to inches) the the turned off and the the the paper-release lowered to the single-sheet
Continuous with Optional Tractor the as shown and the of both the the back of the Then straight hear the the paper-release to the
Loading the supply below the the smoothly the as shown. (You the paper-release the Release the the with Optional Tractor
Continuous with Optional Tractor the right the arrow the and the to (The arrow the first Then the to match the of the the both covers.
clean, straight the first four of the the and then the covers. the to the Then the to that this the of the Turn the It the to the when If the of to the and the FORM FEED Continuous with Optional Tractor
Continuous with Optional Tractor using You the top-of-form temporarily. the cover and the and to the This when off the or feed the to the the FORM FEED and FONT the If to the top-of-form permanently, with the as Each the with loaded, the to the and then to the top-of-form. off the to the top-of-form
the tear-off the tear-off to tear off the sheet and the normally You the to feed the perforation of to the of the cover or approximately (three inches) beyond, the tear-off option as Chapter the tear-off the finishes the and the head the top-of-form the the to the tear-off The READY light to the tear-off You then easily tear off the the perforation. the the to the top-of-form and the the tractor Tear off Press the FORM FEED and FONT buttons the to feed the to the the from the tractor. Continuous with Optional Tractor CAUTION: tear off the and feeding backward. feed than through the
Continuous with Optional Tractor Turn off the the paper-release to the single-sheet Then the tractor straight and of the the
Switching Continuous and the tractor, easily switch to single-sheet without the supply. Switching to sheets to switch from to If the tear off the and then the FORM FEED and FONT buttons the to the back to the CAUTION: tear off feeding backward; feeding too sheets feed They easily off of their and the this chapter information the paper-release to the single-sheet
Switching Continuous and The ready to from the and to Switching to To switch from sheets back to follow these If the path, the FORM FEED to the paper-release to the push-tractor The ready. the from the tractor and to CAUTION: If the paper-release while loaded, the and the READY light off. If this the release and the FORM FEED and FONT buttons the to the to the You then the
to and of other types, such as and the paper-thickness to the paper-thickness the the and the paper-thickness to match the thickness of Choose the from the below. Ordinary sheets or the paper-thickness to reduces the the cover.
You the insertion to manually through the To follow the Loading manually earlier this chapter. the paper-thickness to and the the rear. feed the the first, as shown. operating only. the of the head. the within the of the information the the
You of the paper-thickness to when with the optional only. You the as ordinary Loading only with that free of and waves. with or If to the top-of-form software or the top-of-form as Chapter You to to the You the to to these choose mounted with with tractor. to sheets the paper-thickness to backward. They easily off the and the to and humidity, them operating only.
the within the of information the the the turn the with loaded, the them to the possibly the to from the Tear off the fresh supply of the of the Press the FORM FEED to the of the
Chapter the the Lights Other Selecting Character Fonts the the features and Transportation Cleaning the the Transporting the Troubleshooting supply the
the You the operations-form feeding, and ejecting, and selection-with the buttons the The lights the of the Lights The lights information and READY The READY light when the ready to from the It flashes each the The READY light flashes the following The of The the tear-off (when the optional The overheated. this the the head cools and then the READY light off. the
FONT The FONT lights the These lights when the FONT the the to which selected. instructions selecting with the FONT The buttons the the FONT/YES Press the FONT to through the choices the The FONT lights the selections. about choosing with this the this to to or to information about the FORM FEED/NO Press the FORM FEED to of or to to the top-of- You FORM FEED to the this to to or to to the information about the the the
the PAPER PARK If using the FORM FEED and FONT the to the back to the CAUTION: feed through the they off their and the FORM FEED to feed them Other The to three features: Demonstration Selecting Character Fonts To choose of the with the FONT the The whether operating properly. To the The allows advanced to the and instructions The of and type that the of To the FONT
The FONT lights (O), off and to the selection. The below the and shows the FONT lights appear each selection. Font FONT Lights C ABCDEFGHIJKLM0123456789 The and (or sized) from to software or ESC/P commands. If information about with software, software of commands with this the off flashing o Selecting Character the
the with of internal that of such as and top of these each the they The factory to the of users, to them. The below the the Character or (A4) On or Tear-off On or TOF +O, or Graphic Unidirectional or Bidirectional Download On or On or or Demonstration the If to the to the fact, that information. the or USSR GOST
If that to with the YES and NO buttons the of the the YES and NO buttons to to Turn off the to the the section instructions. summary of each to the the off and the If the optional tractor, the cover off of the cover as shown. This to the YES NO the the
the To the the YES while the The of and English? YES/NO You the the English, or Spanish. To choose English, YES. To choose another NO. The another selection. to the NO the to appears; then YES. Once the YES the the and selected to of the and instructions them. of what Character Table Perforation TOF Download Dump/Demonstration Each of the features appears this Next, the the first Direction: Normal. Change? YES/NO If the tractor, the this You the the tractor. the Direction Tear+ff Graphic Direction :Normal inch :On
The the If and to NO; the to the If to change, YES. YES, the the option the OK? YES/NO. You to NO the option to appears; or YES to YES, the the and to the might to YES to the to using the the upright If YES, the Direction: Normal. Change? YES/NO OK? YES/NO If YES, the the and to the If NO, the third Direction: Normal, YES/NO Press YES to choose the The the and to the If and NO, The the options choice with the YES OK? YES/NO Normal OK? YES/NO the the
the the with the YES and NO to as as and them Press the NO to features that to reach the Dump/Demonstration) and selection, the of the To the turn off the them the the cover back the the
This section the the Character Character the characters and includes of character You choose from these Non-European PC (USA, PC PC (Canadian-French) PC PC (Nordic) PC (USA, PC PC (Canadian-French) PC PC (Nordic) PC (East PC PC PC PC PC USSR GOST characters, Character the This option when with the optional tractor. You the to or (A4) inches. the the
the this option to the the perforations of that the and the first the their top and should this them. This active the optional tractor. Tear-off with the optional tractor, this the tear off the and then the of the You choose from tear-off with this If On the the perforation to the of the cover. If the the perforation about inches) the covers TOF (top-of-form) the FORM FEED or the command, the to the top-of-form (TOF) The TOF factory to the inches from the top of You this from to inches) Graphic normally bidirectional. allows of If the graphics unidirectionally bidirectional with the ESC UO software command. the
Download You the function or other characters to the memory. If using characters, off to increase the memory capacity. the each (CR) (LF) If text unexpectedly double-spaced, this option off. If text top of each other, The or If choose the the reaching from the You this information to isolate If Demonstration, the and of the features with Once or off the and seconds. Then both the FORM FEED and FONT buttons while the to the or the the the
and Transportation Cleaning the To operating its should clean thoroughly the turned off. as as the and to and If the or or clean it with clean cloth with the cover to from the the the becomes to the recommends the SO15032 the CAUTION: or thinners to clean the these chemicals the as as the or the of the with the or service think to the or CAUTION: If the the head cool
To the first the head to the of the Then the the of the To the follow the the Ribbon Cartridge Chapter Transporting the If to the and as below: Turn off the the from the then the interface from the the the optional tractor, the the protective to the and the and the and them the and Transportation the
Troubleshooting while operating If the below and then the supply supplied. The The or characters or graphics. Printed characters what expected. The what expected. properly from the feed properly from the insertion Continuous properly. You the of using the the Chapter If the properly, the the the software, or the interface If the or service the
supplied. The lights the that the the properly. If the switch or another the to whether the operating properly. The lights and then off. The lights off when the turned that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to The The READY light nothing printed. that the software properly the softwares both of the interface the and the this shielded twisted- that both the and specifications. The READY light is-flashing. The of the Troubleshooting the
Troubleshooting The sounds nothing printed. The properly. the section Chapter The the as earlier this chapter. The the sounds and the abruptly. Turn off the and or other If the correctly, The READY light flashing the abruptly. The head overheated. the when the head The sounds and the READY light off, occurred. Turn off the and If the READY light off, or service (If when try to switch and The or Printed characters the The properly. the section Chapter the
The The the as earlier this chapter. that the paper-thickness correctly the the paper-thickness Chapter characters or graphics. of the The head Stop and to Either there too the or the the as Chapter Printed characters what expected. The or characters with software printed. that the software correctly instructions, Chapter The selected the software the The characters printed. The character selected. the character as the Troubleshooting the
Troubleshooting The what expected. too high or too the or the of the top of the or the top with software. software to specify the type of or and to the These account the of the the TOF the the Also, to the cover and the to to the the only. Chapter the text the the to the the line-feed to each return. the The text with the of line-feed the feed to off the the incorrect. the with software. match the of the the software and necessary. If the the the the
the One-inch perforation to off the the the graphic to the instructions, the You to the of the and If the correctly, the If the properly, the right, and the the the software, or the If the or service sheets properly from the the optional the and feed. that the paper-release the lower, The rotates and the READY light flashes. The of the Troubleshooting the
Troubleshooting feeding crooked or the Turn off the and the the and the properly the the FORM FEED to the sheets properly from the insertion feeding crooked or the Turn off the and the sheet straight the using the right type of the the The too to the right. the to the The completely. The too that within the specified the the properly. or the FORM FEED button, the tractor feed the that the paper-release the The off the tractor. the to the tractor. the
feeding crooked or the The of supply from feeding straight. the supply or other that supply within of the that the the of the with each other. Also, the and their covers closed. that the paper-thickness correctly the the paper-thickness Chapter that the and thickness within the specified the specifications the The properly. The too Tear off the fresh supply of and the from the that within the specified the switch and the sounds and the READY light You to the paper-release while remained the the paper-release to the previous and (or feed to the Then the paper-release the Troubleshooting
Technical Specifications specifications Interface specifications A-8 A-11 A-12 Command Summary the summary A-12 A-12 A-12 feeding A-13 A-13 motion A-14 Font selection A-16 Font A-17 Spacing Character A-17 A-19 A-20 Graphics A-21 Character
Technical Specifications specifications Bidirectional and graphics. (Unidirectional graphics selected with the or the software command.) spacing: Printable A-2 Quality Characters/inch Characters/second/line IO LQ inch, inch, or inches/second with KB when OFF 1.75KB when ON Character characters IO IO
Font You other ESC/P commands. the summary this chapter Scalable Font One and graphics character Character One and graphics character Character Thickness supply international character and character US inches) Other A4 to to inches) to to thickness of should than inches). Technical Specifications A-3
Technical Specifications insertion): to to inches) to to inches) Thickness to to inches) to to Continuous to to inches) sheets Thickness to to inches) to to to to You If increases and higher of to to inches) inches) to to inches) sheet to to inches) Thickness Thickness Weight A-4 and them only with the optional and inches) inches) to to inches) to to type with the optional tractor. and with the the insertion only.
sheets and insertion) and The top inches). The inches). The right inches) the inches) the inches) insertion the inches). C The inches). Technical Specifications A-5
Technical Specifications Continuous The top and and below the perforation inches). The and right inches). The inches). Mechanical Paper-feed Ribbon: MTBF: head life: and A-6 Friction and insertion) (optional) Black SO15032 characters dots/character hours inches) inches) inches)
Rated Rated Rated strength: 220-230V Rated Rated Rated strength: Rated AC AC to Rated to to Rated strength: AC AC and chassis) the the back of the the of AC AC to to to AC AC and chassis) AC AC to to to AC AC and chassis) Technical Specrfications A-7
Technical Specifications Operation: to 35C to 95F) to 55C to 131F) (withouf to %RH Operation: to %RH US UL1950 with D3, CSA22.2 EN (TUV), IEC (SEMKO, DEMKO, NEMKO, SETI) FCC RFI: US VDE0871, CISPR PUB.22 Interface with interface. Specifications and assignments The built-in interface the following characteristics: STROBE Synchronization: BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Amphenol or Connector: A-8
The below the assignments and their respective interface Direction STROBE IN STROBE to than the DATA IN These information of DATA IN the to of DATA IN respectively. HIGH DATA IN when and LOW when DATA IN IN DATA DATA IN DATA8 IN ACKNLG OUT About LOW that and that the ready to BUSY OUT HIGH the The HIGH the following OUT HIGH that the PE or SLCT OUT to 5V through .O KQ AUTO IN this LOW, the FEED XT (The to this to the Technical Specifications A-9
Specifications GND NC ERROR OUT NC The heading Direction to the of flow as from the the twisted-pair return, to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the interface based the TTL Both the and of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this of the ACKNLG or when the BUSY LOW. A-10 NC CHASSIS GND GND IN INIT GND NC OUT Direction Not ground chassis ground, which isolated from the ground Not Twisted-pair ground this becomes LOW, the to its and the cleared. This normally HIGH; its than microseconds the This becomes LOW when the as Not to 5V through .O KQ Not
Interface The below shows the the interface. BUSY ACKNLG DATA STROBE The to of three The INIT from the Software the ESC the Technical Specifications A-11
Technical Specifications The below shows the that when the initialized. Item Top of inches insertion and right Character Font selection Download character clears the A-12 or the Continuous to the 1/6-inch Every characters selected cleared Software only
Command Summary the command summary The following section and the commands topic. If it listed. If it they explained. The indicated lowercase The below the indicated. ESC with ESC that to the and to off. ESC with ESC with of ASCII Hex. ESC@ feeding ASCII CR FF LF ESC ESC ESC3 Hex. OD OC OA 2B Turn Unidirectional On/Off Loading/Ejecting R Select /8-inch Spacing Select /6-inch Spacing n/180-inch Spacing n/360-inch Spacing A-13
Command Hex. ASCII 4E ESCO 4F 6C motion Hex. ASCII ESC from A-14 Format Top Unit C C of of of inches Margin of Margin Margin Right Margin Right the the this command.
ASCII Hex. ESC 5C ESC ESC HT ESC VT ESC Font selection ASCII Hex. ESC 6B Select Typeface OB 4A Relative the the 120-inch and inch LQ this command. from top Relative to Terminated to should Vertically n/180-inch Command Summary A-15
Font Hex. ASCII SI DC2 o ESC DC4 ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 2D ESC ESC OF OE 2D Select Select Double-Width Turn Double-Width On/Off Double-Width Turn Double-Height On/Off Select Select Select Select ESC Strikethrough selected Turn On/Off Select Character Normal with Command A-17
Command Spacing ASCII Hex. ESC SP ESC (U ESC Character ASCII Hex. ESC Assign Character Table ESC 3O Assign Character with and to or Character Table A-18 Intercharacter of of to the characters Units inch and inch (LQ and Unit C positioning as inch or Motion (HMI) Select Pitch n/360-inch PC (USA) PC PC PC PC PC PC (Canada-French) PC PC (East PC PC PC PC USSR GOST PC
ASCII Hex. ESC ESC ESC Country U.S.A. U.K. Norway II II America Select Character Select character assigned ESC or characters from O-127 to character assigned to with the ESC command) Select International Character Character ESC First character character of character of character Right of character each Command Summary A-19
Command Hex. ASCII ESC: 3A ESC ESC ESC ESC 5E Hex. ASCII 2A ESC ESC of A-20 Copy ROM to RAM or Typeface ESC Select Normal of This the of characters those locations). ESC as Characters ESC Amount of The following of as characters
Graphics ASCII Hex. ESC ESC Select Graphics C or 2E Graphics graphics Graphics with ESC DPI DPI of of The following allowed: and Command Summary A-21
Character These character selected with the or using software command. the the through 7F. Therefore, first shown completely. The of the only the characters through FF. character the character the ESC and ESC software commands whether to 9F characters (ESC or (ESC The with the the only. PC (USA, A-22
PC PC CODE C PC (Canadian-French) PC (Nordic) CODE C C C Character A-23
Character PC CODE C PC (East CODE C A-24 PC C PC C
PC CODE CODE C C PC PC C Character TablesCharacter PC C C C A-25
Character USSR GOST PC C CODE C A-26 C C C character the character C
Character with ESC To the characters the below, first the ESC command. The following characters with PC only. CODE C Character A-27
Character A-28
The following apply specifically to If that topic information. software that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and bidirectional which the head both This increases the of or which the of information or The of the memory to of information consisting of characters inch of the of text characters, to as pitch. The character of numbers, and that with the characters which the of each character approximately of the of characters. or spreadsheets that each perforated and GL-1
to functions (such as or feed) instead of characters. characters inch. or that when the turned or initialized. of which each or of double-height which each character as as double-width which each character as as One of of character high-speed LQ ESC/P This of commands software of from It and software computers. ESC/P The of the ESC/P Commands this features, such as and graphics of type family feed and that the to the top- GL-2
troubleshooting that advanced the of the and the the each and ASCII characters. the to its of interface The the and the interface character or and interface which the characters This italicized. feed that the LQ One of readability and appearance reduced The which the backed of the path, attached to the optional tractor. interface interface. The of which the It than the physical of the to which the of the character from character to character. than lowercase The than typewritten optional, that the from the GL-3
RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the off. To to its command, INIT or turning the off and then back the of the the the the characters its ROM. which each character about two-thirds the height the of the character which each character about two-thirds the height the of the character tear-off operation that the perforation of to the tear-off and then the back to the tear-off The the the to the of You the the that the perforation the tear-off or inches) the top-of-form The the that the as the first This the top-margin which the head only. Unidirectional graphics allows than bidirectional characters Characters that and the the characters. GL-4