DR, A5 cover-2 Ref. Where to Information This with the information to EPSON COLOR and products, from to troubleshooting. (CD-ROM) with information and instructions the software that when the software. Chapter information EPSON (CD-ROM) with information using and with what EPSON To displays using information about and instructions products. when them. to the of and to other sections of EPSON based the the of and shows to from
title Sign-off: rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORP. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORP. its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON CORP.s operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORP. or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORP. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORP. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, DR, A5 Ref. F-R01
DR, A5 Ref. Declaration of Conformity SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION 3-chome, Representative: EPSON EUROPE B.V. Prof. J. H. AT The Declares that the Product: Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): October M. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. According to ISO/IEC and EN Product EPSON COLOR P950A Directive 89/336/EEC: EN EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC Directive 73/23/EEC: EN
DR, A5 Introduction Sign-off: Ref. Information Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the or or heat the The properly or or cover the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. Information
DR, A5 Introduction Ref. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected with other of to through the following of operating the or the of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of the or try to them. This to the head. Information
Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced quality. the the the within months of them. this the off the The light flashes the head capped, which the right the or off the to the the light flashing. The the head when seconds. the the head the right and the The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused DR, A5 Introduction NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. Information
DR, A5 Introduction Ref. United of options EPSON (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products EPSON (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to rating and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. Information
If to the the or only with of the and and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the of DR, A5 Introduction Ref. Information
DR, A5 Introduction Ref. Information
Keith Sign-off: Chapter to and Functions and Products DR, A5 Chapter Ref. to
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. and Functions cover to cleaning light light light light and
Function the and off. the while the which clears the memory. Loads or and released within seconds. and released Cleaning Lights The lights the front of the the such as or The following what the lights charging or cleaning the head. the then The nearly empty. (S020093). The empty. the (S020093). The nearly empty. (S020089). The empty. the (S020089). off, flashing, DR, A5 Ref. the head to the seconds while the or light flashing or the head to its head cleaning seconds when the or light off. the to the of the and the If the light to flash, off the and the of the to
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. with PC, Microsoft or shielded, twisted-pair and the following: Recommended 16MB RAM 32MB RAM 20MB More than 50MB VGA VGA or the the of the CD-ROM cover using or the EPSON software. these and Products Interface EPSON of interface You interface that the below. Interface (shielded) C83602 from D-SUB to Amphenol Black S020093 S020089 to
EPSON specifically such as high-quality EPSON (A4) S041025 S041059 EPSON S041060 EPSON Quality (A4) S041026 S041061 EPSON Quality S041062 EPSON Quality S041067 EPSON Quality (A4) S041071 EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON Quality (A6) S041107 EPSON Quality (A4) S041126 EPSON Quality S041124 EPSON (A4) S041063 EPSON S041064 EPSON Quality (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality Card S041121 EPSON Quality Card S041122 EPSON Quality Sheet (A4) S041106 EPSON S041134 The of country. to the of its and cool, DR, A5 Chapter Ref. to
DR, A5 to
Sign-off: Chapter Started Unpacking the Choosing the Attaching the the the Cartridges Connecting the to PC the Software (using Loading Starting to DR, A5 Ref. Started
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Unpacking the should include CD-ROM, which includes the software that and the following items: locations, the attached to the The of the AC country; the included the right location. protective with and the Follow the instructions with the to these and protective to the Started
Choosing the Follow the below when the The properly or the enough to the the interface to reach easily. easy and enough the the front of the to the or the to and humidity. it from sunlight, light, or heat to and the near outlet where the easily French-speaking users: fiche switches or timers. Also, outlets the as or other that the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Started
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the following: that least that the The should Attaching the the the the of the as shown below. To to the as Loading Chapter Started
the that the turned off. It off when the slightly from the of the the the back of the to the the matches that of the Also, that the If the attached to the to the AC the back of the the properly grounded DR, A5 Ref. It to the If the rated and match, the cord. Started
DR, A5 the Cartridges Warning: The self-contained ordinary from If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the as follows: the the or the the the front of the then, holding the of the cover, the cover. Started
Turn the the The head slightly to the which the The light flashes and the and lights DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the head hand. the Started
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the the Next, the from each as shown below. You the from the If to with this attached, the become the whole the white from the top of the the the from the of the otherwise, Started (S020093) (S020089)
the their with the and the arrow to the rear. The which the right and the the both If of the the Press the they the and their the the and lights off. DR, A5 Ref. Once the their the the become Started
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Press the cleaning The the head and charging the the cleaning the the head and the charging about seconds both The charging about to which the of mechanical sounds. These sounds the the head to its right) the cover. the charging process, the light flashes. off the while the light flashing. The of the amount of text and black-and-white graphics and the amount and the of To Cartridge Chapter Started
Connecting the to PC To the to the built-in interface, shielded, twisted-pair Follow the below to the to the both the and turned off. the securely the interface Then the together they both If ground wire, to the ground below the interface the other of the the interface. If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the section instructions the software. You the software DR, A5 Ref. Started
DR, A5 Ref. the Software connecting the to the software. It included the Software EPSON COLOR CD-ROM shipped with software includes: The software that or With such as and type, and The the of The Head and Head top operating EPSON or The EPSON or the EPSON COLOR and EPSON on-screen to information and instructions to and software, with the process, and ReadMe the information and software. EPSON EPSON with information using and with the with the CD-ROM information. EPSON included the Started
If the of the software, installation, of the EPSON software If to of the software CD-ROM, the creation included the CD. or Follow the below to the software and the off. the software CD shipped with the CD-ROM Click the that appears, shown below. If this appear when the software CD, the then the CD-ROM (or using the If the shown appear, the You to the to through the to DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Started
DR, A5 If to of the software included CD-ROM, the creation and follow the on-screen instructions. the EPSON EPSON COLOR selected, and OK to the software installation. Follow the on-screen and when the OK software information and using the software, Chapter With Follow these to the software plug-and-play To the software IEEE bidirectional information. Started
the connected to the Turn off and necessary. Turn the first; then turn the If the You the New If the New Found or of and follow the instead. the Then the from button. of the other buttons. Click OK You the From DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Started
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the software CD shipped with the CD-ROM the country, the CD-ROM of the software. and clicking OK If appear, to If appear, the and to OK to to the From D:\ then specify English or Spanish Click OK (If CD-ROM other than D, the If the If the from the OK the the Copy from and OK At the type the the that the as shown. The the to and to the the assign. To this as the the Click the The software that installed. information and the software, Chapter With Started
Network If to to as Follow these Double-click the Double-click the Right-click the of and to right-click. Click the The following appears: Click the then specify the to the Click OK the to and then The DR, A5 Ref. Started
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Select the then The the this option the Then OK Follow these to the software using and the the software CD shipped with the CD-ROM (If the the choose You the the Command type D:SETUP (or A:SETUP the A). If to of the software included CD-ROM, type EPSETUP instead of SETUP the that appears, the creation and follow the on-screen instructions. Started
Click OK You the EPSON Select and OK The copying the software the the EPSON the OK to the The selects this as the applications. software information and the software, Starting to Print this chapter. DR, A5 Chapter Started
DR, A5 Chapter Loading The following to the You or cards, and such To to the as Loading Chapter the output the front of the and the Started
the to the as as the and the of then to the the of with the and the right of the resting the right of the the first. first with the DR, A5 Ref. Started
DR, A5 Chapter the the of the the fits both the and arrow as shown below. Starting to To right follow the below, which typical of The the about the From the to If necessary, the option the to the Click the The (or appears. Started
selected and then or You to of these buttons. The appears. Click the necessary, and the option to Click anywhere the and the the from the Select as the includes Select Black text only, or to as of DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Started
DR, A5 Ref. Click OK the of the You to the (or Click OK or to You to of these buttons. While the EPSON appear, showing the and the of If from this displays the Chapter information the EPSON and the Started
Sign-off: Chapter the Software Checking How to the to the to the the the the the Head Cleaning Head Checking the EPSON the Information Through From From From DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Checking should that the the included with software match While the with the the to the to the following or Advanced The type of the Black or The of the the The of to The of the the Software
to the The should the the to that directly the should the from to that the If the to apply only to the Starting to Print If the to apply to applications, the below or about the From Follow these to the from Computer: Double-click the Double-click the Right-click the of and to right-click. Click the You the of the information to the DR, A5 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter From Follow these to the from the and the Double-click the Choose from the Choose You the of the the following information to the to the to the through Click the and or Click the necessary. the Software
the option. the option to The the to the to printed, the and the The shown the of the the option. Select the the from the information the the option. Select Color includes Select Black or to as of Click the The appears. DR, A5 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 the the selected the If the the arrows to through the If included the and the the that appears. information the the option. You the arrows or type the to this the option. The of shown the to the the sheet first. first with the Click the OK the of the You information the clicking the the of the the the section. to Chapter the choose from of to the from The and to to the option to the This to the and as the Software
Basically, there three of the the which and the which to These the following Several to the of the and procedures. through information the Head and Head instructions the and instructions of the other Chapter Troubleshooting. the If to the the to the and about the and which the should the items this Click the the top of the to the If choose as the while selected, appears the that choose Quality or this to Select Quality when than information about the including the and instructions DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Ref. the The to the of such as or or You the the the Advanced the To choose the Advanced then the from the Advanced the Advanced to the type of or choose other such as Quality, and automatically. shown the the of the to the and as they affected the select. information the the Software
The the following Text/Graph such as and charts PhotoEnhance or EPSON PhotoEnhance the and brightness of the to PhotoEnhance Text text-only of text ICM ICM This to match ICM only Selecting PhotoEnhance or ICM the option to Also, the selected and the selected. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. with PhotoEnhance selected and the amount of the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the users to manually their the to the or to the Advanced the and then the More The More appears: or the Quality, and To and this Quality, and then other the section about the about the other OK and to the To to the without applying the Software
To the The Custom appears: the and the appear the Advanced with the You To the the the Custom and then You the the Advanced that and and This If this reselect and DR, A5 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the On the the that matches the the the following to the (shown First then of to choose from. If EPSON shown below, to the to the If the shown the the Quality the the or the selected the Advanced Envelope EPSON (A4) S041059 S041025 EPSON S041060 the Software
Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041061 S041026 EPSON Quality S041062 EPSON Quality S041067 S041048 EPSON Quality S041106 EPSON Quality Card (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality Card S041121 EPSON Quality Card S041122 EPSON (A4) S041063 EPSON S041064 Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041126 EPSON Quality S041124 EPSON S041134 Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041071 EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON Quality (A6) S041107 DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the EPSON allow to the and from To the the the software (shown below), then the the to of the below. The parentheses the the shortcut that Press and the the to that the Software
The The to of the and there the software the to The when the connected directly to the You this when to the the and the appear information about the The information about the the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Checking the occurred. The ready. The The or the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. You the head with this the when and cleaning to that the head cleared. information. Head Cleaning You the head with this You to the head when the first to that the head to cleaned. Head This the head. this when of the Check, Head and Head with connected to through the Head and Head while otherwise the Software
Checking to the the EPSON and appear the right of The shows the of the and allows to the of the as below. the EPSON The EPSON to If or them (with this the received. reaches the top of the the EPSON the to the The when from To the from the EPSON appears the To the from the EPSON appears the of information, DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the to the the EPSON appears the right of This shows the of the and information. You from the using the and buttons as below. The the of the only appears using the Software that allows to choose to from the the whole or the
Information Through software that includes information and instructions about and the of about software. From To from the and choose or Then or to of these buttons) the software Click the the of the and related to the items that If related to item right-clicking the then clicking the Whats This? From To directly from the to and and then EPSON COLOR You the From To directly from the EPSON and the EPSON COLOR You the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter the Software
Sign-off: Loading and Other About cleaning sheets Loading Loading EPSON (S041134) Loading Removing the perforated EPSON DR, A5 Chapter Ref.
DR, A5 Ref. Loading and Other You to coated and they reduce the amount of that EPSON that the EPSON EPSON to distibuted EPSON to high-quality of EPSON or distributed EPSON, the instruction sheets with first and the following the of the when the the instruction with the to which the corners to the as shown below. the fits the and the arrow both of which located the of the below. corner* corners to the
EPSON and Quality EPSON Quality You to Card cards. the included the when them. EPSON Quality You to EPSON Quality should or of the If to with sheets, the top of the to and the of to each from the output immediately or allow enough the to throughly and A6 the of every with protective DR, A5 Chapter You to the arrow If than to the arrow
DR, A5 Ref. EPSON You to to the as Loading this chapter. to each from the immediately or allow enough the to throughly and cover the of every with protective EPSON Quality You You to *If with Quality or the
If smears when thick such as or cards, the to the To the the cover and the as shown below. the to the of thickness. Leaving the the the About cleaning Cleaning with EPSON should with this The cleaning function these with this type of and the the DR, A5 Chapter Ref.
DR, A5 Ref. Loading please the following: You to the first with the as shown below. that or using that too thin; they Select as the the If smears the to the To the the cover and the the the to the which the Leaving the the the to other
Loading please the following: the and the the back of the as shown below. or of the of You to the of the when the the Select as the the or Chapter Macintosh. DR, A5 Chapter Ref.
DR, A5 Ref. EPSON (S041134) EPSON (S041134) perforated around the to inch photographs. Please the following when using this Loading the with the perforated as shown below. If the or the curled, to feeding the included the of You to sheets of the
To the coated (whiter) of Quality as the and EPSON PhotoPaper 4X6 as the The of might off when the perforated You with the non-coated (EPSON of To this as the and then EPSON 4X6 as the or tear the the perforation tear, or the DR, A5 Chapter Ref.
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the perforated To the perforated the back and forth the perforations, then tear the off. You the the perforations. EPSON to the as as and to high humidity, or sunlight.
Sign-off: Chapter and Transportation Cartridge Cleaning the Transporting the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Cartridge The lights inform when to and when to Also, the within months and EPSON the of EPSON Other products EPSON to covered warranties. the light flashing (S020093). the the light flashing (S020089). the If the though the other Once becomes and and Transportation
To follow these the which to as indicated the or light. If to when the and lights off, the and the the front of the lowered; then the cover. the cleaning three seconds the head slightly to the and the light flashes when the head The the head back to its right) about seconds the If the cleaning when both and lights off, the cleaning the head. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the head hand. the cleaning to the and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter the that the to as as the partly of the The following shows only the the the of the and of properly. the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the the ready to with and Transportation
the from its protective Next, the yellow from the as shown below. the the with the the and the arrow the to the of the The the right, the the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. S020089 S020093 You the from the Leaving the when the permanently the whole the white from the top of the the yellow the from the of the otherwise, and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Press the The following shows the the Press the cleaning The the head and charging the This to The light to while the the charging operation. off the while this light flashing. Doing charging of the cleaning the the head and the charging about seconds the the charging finished, the cover. to and Transportation
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly the turned off and the lights off. Then the cord. from the to clean and If the outer or the of the clean with cloth with the cover closed to from If the of the with off with cloth. Warning: to the gears the or thinners to clean the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the or service DR, A5 Chapter and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Transporting the If to it the and as follows: the cover and that the head the right) If the and the head to the Turn off the and then the cover. the when the the the the from the then the interface from the the from the sheet and the the and then the the protective to the Repack the and the the and Transportation
Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting the and Increasing the Cleaning the Head the Head Cartridge Contacting Customer United and the of Ireland Australian and DR, A5 Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Troubleshooting easy first the then apply the fixed. The information that to the the lights and the EPSON only). whether with the or with the and this chapter and to the information this chapter to the of then apply the recommended the You with the lights the If and the lights or flashing, the following of light to the then follow the recommended corrective Troubleshooting
Lights and the the The and the correctly. Loading the of the the and the If the light to flash, off the and the of the If tears and the the cover and the of Turn the and o o The nearly empty. (S020093). The the empty. with (S020093). The nearly empty. (S020089). The the empty. with (S020089). o off, flashing DR, A5 Chapter Ref. then the to this light off. The Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Ref. Lights and Press the to the If the cleared, Unknown Turn off the and occurred. o off, flashing If using the with the Performing whether the from the or the Troubleshooting
To follow these both the and turned off. Unlock the both of the interface and the ground necessary. Then the from the interface that the the and the to the Then release both buttons. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. least inches) B5 first. the head directly the the and smear Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. The operation including the of ROM, the counter the and typical The and white, the (CMYK). Press the to off the it finishes the If the appear as shown this that the right and that the the software the interface to shielded or the If the operation satisfactorily, of the there with the This or head. and below and to the or directly to Cleaning the Head Troubleshooting
and This section supply Operation to the section that the of the and the that matches the The and from the to the least try them the that they written the supply The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of DR, A5 the and ratings. If the match, the immediately and Warning: the to outlet that matching Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. The and the lights off. What to The turned off. Press the The light The properly the The outlet switch or The of another the outlet to whether the outlet If The light nothing What to The interface Confirm that the securely securely. to the and the If the correctly, as interface both the and specifications. Troubleshooting Turn off the the the and the back If the lights the If they interface that both and specifications.
software properly that selected software. Nothing and of the lights or flashing. What to Several the occurred once. earlier this chapter to what of occurred, and apply the recommended The sounds nothing What to The head Clean the head. Cleaning clogged. the Head this If this please One or both of the than months or the the DR, A5 Ref. or the software as cleaning the head. If that the the as If both and lights off, Cartridge this chapter. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter The operation nothing from What to selected Select the software. section of software. The interface both the and Select this IBM AT the To this the EPSON the EPSON and from the memory to the of Troubleshooting that the shown Interface reducing the of image-editing software. memory Select or as below. choose as the To the to and choose Then the and the information this
and white. What to selected Select software. software. selected or the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the the then and choose Then choose from the information this If to information, board Select and the to If the and white, from another If this the the of the with. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. too high or too the What to Margins incorrectly that the correctly Printable B. The of the the match the within what What to The and the amount of the too high. The head to the unexpectedly. What to The cleaning while the or light flashing or Troubleshooting the of or the within to match the of the of and Increasing the this chapter. High and increase the amount of to processed. These factors the One or both of the or of the as Chapter
The New Found appears though the software already What to The Click then OK properly from the What to Too the of the the and the to the arrow the The the the of correctly. Loading Chapter the Turn off the and path. of the of the If tears and the the cover; then of The or The or creased. smooth sheets of The that the with the this B. DR, A5 Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. The than What to Too the of the the sheets, and the only to the arrow the The the the of correctly. Loading Chapter The too thin. the the this B. Ejected What to The too thin or or its What to The too Press the to the that the this B. Troubleshooting
feed or frequently. What to of the of and straighten together. The the the of correctly. The too thin or the the rough. this B. that should than Too to the arrow the sheet the The of the turning the of correctly loaded. the of the with arrow the of the the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the to whether the type of than Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter The or areas. What to The head Clean the head. Cleaning clogged. the Head this chapter. The reduced to The Select the correct. and the the type of the The What to or or the its The Select the correct. and the the type of the Printed smeared. What to The too the cover and the thick. to the without the or sheet of Troubleshooting the sheet or of the
of EPSON Quality loaded. the the of the as shown below with cloth. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. with the or of the If to sheets of only to sheets and the top of the to or Warning: to the the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter White appear the What to The head Clean the head. Cleaning clogged. the Head this chapter. One of the the to that the or light flashing, and the The MicroWeave option Turn MicroWeave off. More The the of the incorrect. What to The head the head with the Head the Head this chapter. The the High option More selected. Troubleshooting the matches the type of the
what What to The the selected or the You the the the of the then the of the the The the to correct. they If these correct, the Also, information Colors than What to Black selected the to The that the of the facing DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the the and that selected the type and/or the using that the this B. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. The the match the loaded. to match the type of loaded, or that matches the The head of clogged. The ICM and properly Since and differently, match on-screen perfectly. Colors What to The the of EPSON The the match the matches the type of the or that matches the Troubleshooting Clean the head. Cleaning the Head this chapter. Select the the of software and information EPSON and A. that the coated of the If necessary, the and If the head.
characters or graphics. The or areas. What to The head Clean the head. Cleaning the Head this chapter. Black characters or graphics. The or areas. What to The head Clean the head. Cleaning clogged. the Head this chapter. Photographic or rough. What to The the head with the Head the Head this chapter. The of the or the the image-editing software too DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Increase the software. that higher to Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. The appear when using What to The this option the The this option selected the clean the head using the Head Cleaning the What to You attempted to the head while the or of Troubleshooting this Click the to to and Then the the EPSON You bi-directional this the to the To the the to and Right-click the and choose from the Click the then Select this the or light. the or the Head Cleaning the as
Increasing the as high than the of this reason, to selective of the highest and of when that includes photographs, to the other that to increase the The following shows the factors that and (increasing the other). Higher Quality Normal High On characteristics High *The and Normal about the However, and DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. The below shows the factors related to only. Black On On On characteristics of HDD free Memory free Software One memory Not the and software **Grayscale only to of from to white. Troubleshooting
Cleaning the Head If that the unexpectedly or the to these cleaning the head, which that the properly. You the head from with the Head Cleaning the software, or from the the buttons. head cleaning both and To wasting the head the to that the head to cleaned. This the or light flashing or the head. the first. the Head Cleaning or while otherwise the Head Cleaning that both and lights off. If the or light flashing, the head. the first. Access the as Chapter Click the then the Head Cleaning DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Follow the While the cleaning the head, the light flashes and the ejected. This about to off the while the light flashing. the light flashing, the Head Cleaning or from to that the head and to the cleaning Troubleshooting
the buttons that the light and the both and lights off. If the or light flashing or the head, and this operation the If to this the cleaning to the head to its the cleaning three seconds. The cleaning the head and the light flashing. the light flashing, from to that the head and to the cleaning DR, A5 Chapter Ref. This about to off the while the light flashing. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Head If of to this from the Head software. the Head while otherwise the the least inches) A4 first. the head directly the Access the as Chapter Click the then the Head Follow the to the head. Cartridge If cleaning and the head, to or both of the To the or light flashes, follow the below. If the or light flashing or the as Cartridge Troubleshooting
Once becomes and the then the cover. the three seconds, the head to the The light flashing. the of the properly. the yellow from the and the the Press the Press the The the head back to its and charges the the the the head back to its about seconds the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Once the their the the become The light to while the the charging operation. off the while the light flashing. Doing charging of Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Ref. Contacting Customer If operating properly and with the troubleshooting information this or EPSON EPSON to to the information indicated below. of (The the back of the Brand and of software (Click About the of and of normally with United and the of Ireland users If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, (UK) of services and technical customers the of Ireland, please the when the UK telephone the following section. the should as from the of Ireland. Troubleshooting
The the UK, from the of Ireland, or the They the following information: Information and products from Where to purchase and options Customer the following services: Technical information and operating products products to repaired within the warranty information Customer team, please the Service and Information that with If this found service, Service or World below DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Service and Specifications the products information including troubleshooting switch and information To touch-tone You to follow to and once telephone and numbers, of the to found the that the and the ID numbers. The to automatically. Service and You the Service membership required. that software to ANSI and of to Downloading include and the that with software and information. first to the Service, phone and (which yourself). Troubleshooting
World If to the and Browser, World information the Products, software and to Australian users EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as this the following information: EPSON FAXBACK EPSON FAXBACK the specifications and EPSON products offered There Information including of the software and and the through of choices the information to EPSON This where the software and the BBS to the If URL Access the World Worth the You the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Ref. Dont that often and The should the first They often and easily as as the to EPSON EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of Access to the charge to purchasers of products the first months of that life. that phone and charges to telephone account. The charge rates specified when the chargeable You to charges incurred. The first months months to the information when The information the the This information includes the EPSON type of operating and other information required. Troubleshooting
and users the or shown below Phone: EPSON established both Chinese and English the to users with the following information: Product information to of EPSON World board (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: BBS: DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: users To technical as as other services, to the EPSON Office the telephone and below: BBS: Troubleshooting
Sign-off: of A-2 and A-5 A-7 DR, A5 A-1
DR, A5 of This section the of the relationships and to to the of of of three and brightness. The of the such as red, or The that the relationship the The of the This the amount of to the Brightness The or of the The these the The and the useful to the of the and of It the (C), (M), (Y), and (K) to that think of This type of that of light and others, subtractive. theory, and yellow should they and combined with to (K). phosphors the with (A phosphor that off light when irradiated.) Each three phosphors: (R), (G), and (B). A-2
Since the and differently, and the of the and the the exactly match of the If to or the to closely match the on-screen to with the Additionally, software from of software and to match and software information The of that displayed: to match the using CMYK, the of DR, A5 Ref. A-3
DR, A5 of of CMYK as the section. to of the three they halftoning to of or the of as follows: Dithering and the commonly halftoning Dithering Dithering of to the appearance of This that of such as charts and with the of the surrounding to the appearance of the and This that graphics or photographic A-4
and The of affects the of Generally, the higher the the the that the higher the the the and Generally, the to the as shown below. The the the the Conversely, the the the higher the function that this relationship. DR, A5 Ref. A-5
DR, A5 Since increasing the the that or tone when with created with software. To and tone the and the of the graphics A-6
To to its readers, the who, what, when, where, why, and of WHO and WHAT to information, opinions, or to or people and to Therefore, first to think about who to co-worker, or other; and what to and with of bright, might to accounting firm, WHEN to While to when of and when the serious business without that white and offer to and white, while of from WHERE If every or only the of the clarity and readability of consistently and strategically, the of black-and-white text reading. too or that they overpower text or graphics. too It to than black-on-white or white-on-black DR, A5 Ref. A-7
DR, A5 Ref. WHY and clarity, and appear to as and graphics to and of that the overhead of territory interesting and the with charts and HOW to the to or brightness to to eye-catching. of recommended. throughout the the the A-8
Sign-off: Specifications B-2 B-3 Printable B-5 Cartridges B-6 Mechanical B-7 B-8 B-8 B-9 DR, A5 Ref. Specifications B-1
DR, A5 yellow) (each Printable and Character Pitch LQ (characters inch) (characters second) the Bidirectional with ESC/P 10KB Character The characters PC437 (US, and PC850 selected using buttons. B-2 Specifications While holding the cleaning the Then release both buttons.
Since the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or A4 A5 B5 distributed EPSON Thickness to to inch) to DL C6 Thickness to to inch) to cards: A6 Coated distributed EPSON DR, A5 Ref. Specifications B-3
DR, A5 Ref. A4 A6 distributed EPSON sheets: A4 distributed EPSON inch distributed EPSON reduce and or other If switch to higher of or and to 25C to 77F) Humidity to RH EPSON Quality and should the following to 30C to 86F) to RH B-4 Specifications
Printable cards/adhesive sheets/transparencies B-L A: The top inch). sheets of EPSON Quality the top inches). B: The inch). The right inch) and The right and inch). The right as follows: inch) DL inches) inches) C6 C: The inch). the first. first with the DR, A5 B-L B-R C B-R C Specifications B-5
DR, A5 Ref. Cartridges Black (S020093) Black capacity* (A4, text Cartridge years from (within months 25C (77F)) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) -16C (3.2F) (W) (D) (H) (S020089) Colors and capacity* (A4, each Cartridge years from (within months of the 25C (77F)) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) -18C (-0.4F) (W) (D) (H) The capacity often the head cleaning function and often the It and hours 25C (77F). B-6 Specifications
EPSON recommends the of EPSON only. Other products EPSON to covered warranties. the the expired. Mechanical feed Friction path: About capacity: Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) pounds) without the DR, A5 Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) inches) inches) Specifications B-7
DR, A5 to 132V to 264V Rated to to Rated 0.4A 0.2A 15W (ISO10561 This IT with phase to phase 220-240V. the the back of the the of Operation: to 35C to 95F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) Humidity: Operation: to RH to RH B-8 Specifications 120V 240V **Without
U.S. UL with D3, CSA with D3 EN60950 (VDE and NEMKO) EMC: U.S. FCC EN (CISPR EN EN EN Australian AS/NZS DR, A5 Specifications B-9
DR, A5 Ref. B-10 Specifications
DR, A5 Sign-off: The following apply specifically to software that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and The that appear when graphics. This when the head MicroWeave or which the of information or The or of The of the memory to of information consisting of characters inch of the of text characters, to as pitch. CMYK yellow, and These to the of characters inch. or that when the turned or initialized. dithering halftoning which Dithering with such as charts and halftoning of which each or of
DR, A5 inch. The the software that instructions to peripheral to what to from and instructions to the to this which with to This halftoning smoothes of This the of the ESC/P that of from Commands this features, such as graphics (ESC/P This and clearer. This the of the that this increase the of type family of of from to white. to when with only. halftones of or to of to to of or nearly of of halftones high which both This the to its of This the or the of which each or precisely
interface The the and the interface character or The to which the loaded. which printed, such as and MicroWeave which printed to reduce the of and to This with of which the of the operation the the ROM counter and interface interface. The of which the It than the physical of the to software that commands the of shortened to The of inch to three Normal and If connected to that to the while or they printed. RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. To to its turning the off and then back The of inch to DR, A5
DR, A5 ROM Memory. of memory that only and ROM its when off the RGB Red, and These phosphors irradiated the to the of The first The the that This then to the directly or to the The software that that The software that allows to the amount of This only. Colors that of light and others. CMYK
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA Phone: EPSON DEUTSCHLAND EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. Phone: EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. Phone: October
NOTE: To of protective with You these HINWEIS: ATTENTION: tout protection CM NOTA: protector. NOTA: Non NOTA: o Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, Printed NOTICE S01