RS GUIDE
EPSON 48-NOZZLE INK JET PRINTER rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as repairs, or to this or the US) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON products or EPSON Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON EPSON and EPSON EPSON service of Inc. ActionPrinter and CompuServe of CompuServe Information Helvetica and of Linotype Notice: Other of their respective owners. EPSON and Printed Copyright of: or of this or unauthorized ESC/P of Corporation. ESC/P of Corporation. Service. Corporation from the of the information AG and/or its only and rights those
T,his tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT United States edict6 WARNING
AC (PS) (PS)
to This what this Chapter to and the It to the and to and follow these instructions. Chapter information that to It to manually and from the and troubleshooting information. If the properly or this chapter. The includes the specifications, commands, and character of terms and the Introduction
EPSON@ high-speed offers the following features: Introduction High graphics. the built-in to to automatically. You or manually without the supply. You to footprint EPSON ESC and graphics Supports the EPSON written other EPSON to the inch (LQ) This text and characters ESC /I@ commands
EPSON Protection Agencys which the of computers, and monitors. The EPA that computers, and other peripheral would reduced The or service. Where United States Can America and service through nationwide of authorized EPSON and Service EPSON the following services through the EPSON EPA Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Service Technical with the installation, and operation of EPSON products Information ESC of the ESC/P reference which information EPSON technical information service with the U.S. annually and software ESC/P commands tons. of Introduction
Product with technical and products of and EPSON Customer Relations CompuServe@ The to helpful specifications, and through the America CompuServe. If currently of CompuServe, free introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: IJ introductory to CompuServe To of this offer, the United States and and other If already CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America CompuServe and CompuServes monthly publication or CompuServe
United EPSON the comply with their and of merchantable and their or with This the or the rights of the the including Sections Act, EPSON Products, other than OEM products, operation or performance of ONE YEAR from of purchase the of the this MUST of purchase, normally the of the of the to furnish such proof. (UK) the from whom purchased or, this to EPSON who the the of difficulty, users to the Service (UK) Limited, or EPSON Appointed Distributors, their or or of the to their with its age and or of (UK) Limited. satisfactory performance of the to of the of the to the and Introduction
This covers the to malfunction of the specifically wear and tear, physical to incorrect or and or to unauthorized and inexpert The restricted to the performance of the and (UK) responsibility or claimed or performance, when the with other or software. Product as of or or the or the subjected to The cover to the or the or of the of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products (UK) Limited. introduction .of both the and
infofmution The wires the coloured with the of the the of this with the coloured the as follows: The and yellow to the The to the the with the The connected to the the with the If to the the or with of the and Warning: This earthed. to rating plate and that the to the supply the following and yellow-Earth Brown-Live the which with the or the earth yellow. leadfitted to this or coloured or and or coloured or coloured red. Introduction
Instructions Introduction of these instructions Follow and instructions the the from the outlet clean and cloth cleaning, or cleaners. or the other that allow the to or the These the to and protection from overheating. the or other the Also, the built-in the or or heat the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with third (grounding) which fits grounding-type This If to the the the of the grounding-type where the on.an or
If cord, that the of the the products the the cords Also, that the of products the outlet of they or that of fire or shock as specifically the to the yourself. This to or other the from the outlet and repaired service the following servicing those to service the or or If If to or If normally when the operating instructions followed. only those that covered the operating instructions of other and often to the to operation. If or the If performance, service Inhduction
and Notes Notes of Introduction to to to injury. information and the operation
Chapter About Choosing the right the the Choosing the the the Cartridge Testing the Loading the the Connecting the to Software Microsoft and What with WordPerfect or MS-DOS Microsoft Word MS-DOS 3.X MS-DOS Other Software the
About If to they from or noticeable of this high and cost-effective, the right laser-sharp usually associated with the to and than the toner the head, or from the and then the the of characters or graphics. the head the as than such as with other of to through the following of to and efficiently: of the If off with and If them immediately with the of the reach of the or to them.
Once the the or the to with The become otherwise. the immediately from its Leaving the quality. o its rated to the printed the the from to about hour the to the the or the the the head capped, and the the cleaning Dont the head hand. off the while or the head capped. (The head when the right The head the seconds. You the head the
Choosing the right One of the to with selecting the right With that too the slightly, causing characters to with that enough, the too to and smear easily. The and thickness of the that rough or coated finish. Also, that too thick or too thin. the the information. without to or To supply of from the and the the and the You should both of the to which the that the the of the If the or smear, the should with the the the printed, the type of used, and the and humidity, or If the enough, sheets as they to the of its and cool,
the should include these items: locations, the to the The of the AC country; the included the right location. of the and the protective to the You and with and the Follow the the Notice Sheet to these Cord protective Cartridge
Attaching the You should the using the To the notches the mounting the Choosing the selecting location follow these the If the or properly. the enough to the the interface to reach easily. easy and or the to and humidity. from sunlight, light or heat to and
If to follow these that least that the It should they with feeding; them to of the the that the switch the where easily the cord. outlets switches or timers. Also, outlets the as or other that fluctuations the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded the of the switch turned off. It off when
the the back of the to the the matches that of Also, that the If the attached to the to the properly grounded the Cartridge enough to about The of to the amount of and graphics each The first to charge the with You to this once. It to the If the rated and match, the cord. the AC the back of the The self-contained from the them thoroughly with another eyes,ftush them immediately with
To the of the head off the (If to quickly, the head and then off the the to with the cleaning Follow these to the Dont the head hand. the Select to the both the the Release the buttons the The hea$ to the and the light turned off. AH and buttons while
the cover. the top of the to
the containing the and from the protective the the with the and the arrow the the arrow the the from the to
the the back of the to the Press the to the head to the right and to the Charging about The light flashes throughout the the cover. finished. off or the the ink-charging and off when charging
Testing the the the built-in to the properly. You the with from the built-in or feeding manually. This section the Loading the the cover and the of or A4 then to the The to sheets or
of the the with the cover and the to the ready to the about with the to the the of this chapter. the facedown. the right of the with the right of the Then the to match the width of as shown below.
the the turned off. While holding the Font the It of from the and the It the first and of to the length. Then the characters each The the the or the To the the To the the To the the to and then the to the Turn off the of typical C o #I$%& $%&I()*+,-. /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGH I()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOFQRS O*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOFQRSI /0123456789:;<=??@AB /0123456789:;<=>?@ABC /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCD /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDE /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEF /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFG
Connecting the to If the correctly, ready to to the You shielded twisted-pair to to the built-in interface. Follow these both the and turned off. the securely the interface the together they both If ground to the ground the interface the other of the the interface. If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the
Software To of features, the instructions software or below. the instructions section of information other Microsoft and If already follow the below to choose the Then correctly such as Word If already the as instructed the and follow through below when reach the section choosing the the the Choose the the right of the the of EPSON Choose the to If necessary, the required. and If EPSON EPSON or EPSON AP-3250 ESC/P If these EPSON LQ-870. CorelDRAW?
Choose the Select If selected the LQ-870 Sheet Choose the OK Highlight EPSON (or the and Click the You chosen the What The software to and that (or These software the spacing, and other features of the Therefore, that choose the right and correctly from software If there with the appearance of software the as the as the Source. This the
Microsoft rather than the built the appear the the as they (This WYSIWYG, What You What You that the to their Therefore, to the of the AP-3250, or LQ-870 If to the internal and the Microsoft Product Support. WordPerfect or MS-DOS If of WordPerfect the EPSON WordPerfect the to the of the below: choose the LQ-870 WordPerfect, to the If already WordPerfect MS-DOS and to the WordPerfect follow the instructions below: Select and (or EPSON ActionPrinter EPSON LQ-870 Select F7).
You the selecting Font and Font (or WordPerfect displays of the including the Microsoft Word MS-DOS Microsofts Word MS-DOS Product to the 3.X MS-DOS To the MS-DOS, technical Additional Other the containing the EPSON Directory WP51\, type A: or C: Select from the of EPSON the and WordPerfect showing the the of the Press The the the WordPerfect directory. B:, which CTRL WPC60-DOS or C: F8 and then
There the internal and downloaded. to the internal built their to the the they instance, and the that to spreadsheets. Whether software, to through software. Other Software To of features, including ESC/P If of these listed, software that includes of these. choose another as to the top of the as ActionPrinter LQ-100 LQ-870/ LQ-570/ or from choose of the ESC/P the below. S&850/2550 ESC/P LB-850+/ LQ-55011010 LQ-500 LQ-2550 LQ-1500 ESC/P
If of these options, the first from the following: EX, FX, LX, RX, the as to and with the and that the shows the with If the what Troubleshooting Chapter or or software the Following the below the performance when with the MX, EPSON and the and the from the and to If the of the and then the to Press the Load/Eject to of You switch to to sheets or without the supply from the instructions, Loading Manually the LQ,
of the top and should usually the the account. You the the Chapter The from the If the enough, as they and You it using or commands, necessary. the about commands.
Chapter Other Functions Loading Manually the Correct the lights Selecting Character Scalable the the the character-table Other Functions
Loading Manually You of or from the without the supply from the instructions using the You the to of from You the following Envelope IJ Envelope sheets Follow these to the Turn the Other Functions inches) to inches) to inches) inches) inches) and from inches) inches) inches) fromthe
of the the right of the with the arrow the The the command. the the You as sheets as from the the straight, the Load/Eject to Then the finishes the automatically. If the the the wantto switch to the the without the The then of from the Other Functions
If the enough, sheets as they You the feed to Press the to the light the Turn the paper-thickness clockwise as as Press the to Press the to the cover. Other Functions Turn the and the cover. and release the when the to the The light right The light (AN) seconds the to the the light off.
the with the the top the first and the The the to the automatically. command. The the and switch back to the the paper-thickness back to its To this, first the the to the Then the paper-thickness the to the (counterclockwise). when finished the within the of the of the the If the as they to the light Next enough, the Other Functions
the Correct There the top and of each that the to and the You these of the If the and account these areas, that the too the or that of the top of the software to or to too To this the following IJ Select or the of the top and through software the The lights and the easy operations. Other Functions software
lights On when Font Indicate the These lights and off when the Font The the which selected. instructions selecting On when the selected. this selected, the of selected On when the selected. the character. The the both and This rough On when the of Flashing that the the or the empty. this light flashing, the this light and the light flashing the the empty. On when the memory. information. LQ the Other Functions
Press this to temporarily. Press to Press the Load/Eject to or of If from the this switches back to the Font this to through the choices the The Font lights the selection. this seconds to the to the when the The the the functions as follows: Head Cleaning head cleaning Cleaning the Head Clears the and the to their factory A-10 Economy/Condensed Selects or Press to turn selection the select. Other Functions the of the other buttons. and another to Load/Eject) off. The light or off to
Selecting Character Fonts built-in character including EPSON the EPSON (The to Press the Font to from the the The Font lights The below the and shows the Font lights appear each selection. On o Cl Font selections to the to the active Font lights EPSON EPSON EPSON Sons EPSON .I, EPSON Sons EPSON Flashing and only. these selections. to and EPSON with Other Functions off or H.
Scalable The of the selected from or command. the that with information selecting the of the of commands. reduces the of characters to characters to This spreadsheets and other where to the amount of information You the the and EPSON that spaced. You If software and the should and through the software rather than with the or command switch of their allowing Other to (EPSON (AR condensed.) You and proportionally T, and ESC ESC/P
the with of internal that and these each the they The factory to the of users, to them. The below the features the of each below. To the Character Network text/graphics On, Loading of such as dlrection Interface feed On, areas, the character U.S.A., Italy, PC852, PC853, PC855, MAZOWIA, MJK U.S.A., U.K., Italy, Spain. PC850, PC860, BRASCII. On, On, Germany, U.K., I, PC437. PC437 PC857, PC866, PC869, Other Germany, I, I, PC437, PC861, PC863, PC865, PC850, IS0 IS0 Functions I, 1T.
software the character and feed. them with the Character Character the characters and The with the selected character The ordinarily text bidirectionally and graphics characters unidirectionally to the switches bidirectional text and motion graphics this to off, the head motion software. Network interface If connected to this off. If to the and computers, this to this to the though the continuously the light off turning off the Other Functions software these features, to
text/graphics This software that text with graphics. the text/graphics to off feed the each (CR) text unexpectedly double-spaced, this to off. If top of each other, to to this to with to inch spacing, with the If the top software, that to the the To the the buttons; the lights selections. Follow the below to the off and the and the to the the (LF) If and the with Other Functions
Press the Font the Font lights the of choice; then the To to the to the Other Functions The of and summary and instructions. It instructs to the that (English, or Spanish). selection. Font English French Spanish On Flashing the and the instruction the selected. finished; then to the the and lights the selection. light Character dlrectlon Network Interface text/graphics feed On Flashing light .I, the the <I, AH to AH light
Press the Font the Font lights match as shown the below. and to the turning the off. to the the the light off. If the character-table to the character-table below. Network Interface On the light flashes and Other Functions
the character-table follow through Then follow the below. Press the to the of the character-table as shown the below. Press the Font to the from to the Font lights turn off, or to selection, as indicated the following Other Functions On Flashing the I that to the character instead of the .I, U.S.A. U.K. PC437 PC850 PC860 PC863 PC865 PC861 BRASCII includes
the turning off the You the turning ofi You the turning off the On the includes that to the character instead of the the them them to and the them, turn the fhe the off to without Other Functions
Chapter and Troubleshooting the Cartridge Cleaning the Head Cleaning the Transporting the Troubleshooting supply and Troubleshooting
the Cartridge the light the flashes, the the The the completely empty. the of the and the and lights and the light Its to hand. EPSON SO20025 to and the of the head. Other of the head or Follow these to the both the and lights and the light the the to release the (The the easy to and Troubleshooting and release the when the head to the (AH) seconds
the of the and of properly. the the or to Turn to the the recharge the the head as the This to Cleaning the Head If the built-in print-head cleaning to that the properly. To wasting the head Follow these the turned and the light If the light the to the the Press the to tion: them thoroughly with and immediately with and follow the there to the seconds to seconds. The cleaning about The light flashes throughout the and then when the cleaning finished. If .and the and Troubleshooting them seconds.
Cleaning the To operating its should clean thoroughly the turned off. from the to and If the outer or the of the dirty, with cloth with the to from If the of the with off with cloth. h4aintenance and Troubleshooting or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the the or service of the with
the If to it the and as follows: the cover and that the head the right If the head capped, turn the to Then off the the from the then the interface from the the the If the clean the head. Cleaning the Head. Troubleshooting with this section and follow the recommended If or service the when the The become otherwise. the from the the protective to the the and and them the and Troubleshooting
with of as this light light light .I, On the and the to or The the Follow the occurred. Turn off the seconds, back or The or or the with and Troubleshooting .I, .I, or .I, lights flashing Flashing or off the light off. or
supply The and lights off. that the properly the that the of the switch with the I) to If the switch or another the to whether The lights then off and off. that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to lights nothing and the and lights flash. The the Follow the occurred. Turn off the seconds, turn the back and Troubleshooting
The light flashes. The of The and lights flash, and the light the The or and the light temporarily suspended. Press the to The light off nothing The interface securely. both of the the and the interface both the and specifications. software properly enough. the information and ,or the with TroubZeshooting ready to the
Printed what If the correctly, try the right and the the software, or the interface to shielded If the or service the within software the to the and To the the and Font buttons and the Then from the The the from the You this information to isolate The sounds nothing The head clogged. Next, the seconds to clean the head. Cleaning the Head earlier this chapter. characters or graphics. The head clogged. Next, the seconds to the head. Cleaning the Head earlier this chapter. the text/graphics to the the Chapter the Network interface to the the If the properly, AH and the AH and the h4aintenance and Troubleshooting It the Turn the light Turn the light
The light or The head clogged. Turn the light Next, the Head earlier this chapter. The paper-thickness correctly. The the paper-thickness Loading Manually or to the or You selected the the the light off. The You the type of Although of should the to Chapter choosing the right You the of the both to which the quality. or or The or characters with software that the correctly and Troubleshooting seconds to the head. Cleaning the businesscorrespondencequality with and the To this (AH
The selected the Software the the software. The characters printed. The character selected. the character as the too high or too the the top using software the text the to the that the line-feed to each return. the Chapter The text each text to off the that the Chapter incorrect. the with software. Printed as expected. The match the of the software to match the the the within and Troubleshooting
The the and lights the the or from the then the to the light off. properly from the Too from the and to The too thick or too thin to that the the specifications. feeding. Technical Specifications the The than sheet The too thin. that the the specifications. feeding. Technical Specifications the The The too thin or that the the specifications. Technical Specifications the or and Troubleshooting the the sheets.
The the to the The too to from the that within the specified Technical Specifications the crookedly from the feed the to the Then straight the The the To clear follow the below. the cover and the cover. the from the shown below. and Troubleshooting of the as
the gently. If tears, If the caught the of the the back to the of the and the cover and the cover. Preventing and If or these corrective and Troubleshooting higher-quality that too thin or rough. of feeding. Chapter the of and straighten that too the You to turning the of the of the with arrow the of the the
A-2 specifications A-2 Technical Specifications A-12 Command Summary commands A-12 A-12 the summary Character A-1 A-23
Technical Specifications specifications Thermal Printable and spacing: feed A-2 Character pitch (chamcten inch) condensed) condensed) Printable graphics Bidirectional with text and graphics. (The the inch, inch, or milliseconds SKIS when text/graphics option to ON 24KB when text/graphics option to OFF (characters second)
Character Character Thickness Quality Font EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Select other the summary Font EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON using this chapter graphic character areas.) to to to Cl ESC/P commands. of commands. Incw3ments graphic character character and to inches) A-3
sheets insertion): Thickness Quality and only. reduce and and other insertion): Thickness Quality sheets and insertion) A-4 switch to higher of to to to to to to to to and first; the only. thickness within the than to inches) to inches) to inches) inches) inches) to inches)
Mechanical The top The The right inches) the inches) the inch) insertion The (S020025): Color: capacity: Cartridge life: years from (The often the head cleaning function.) C Friction Black Approximately to to month hours The this the approximately hours to thaw 25C (77F). inches). inches). inches), characters WC to 104F) 60C to 140F) 40C (104F) 60C (140F) -3C (26.6F); A-5
MTBF: and Height Rated Rated Rated Rated Rated Rated the the back of the the A-6 hours characters/A4 or inches) inches) inches) (without inches) (with AC12OV AC to to LQ AC to to 02A LQ
Operation: Humidity (without Operation: R.F.I.: 10C (50F) US US FCC to to to 27C 35C (8OT) (95T) UL1950 with D3, EN IEC (SEMKO, (VDE EN (CISPR 35C to 95F) 50C to 122F) RI-I RH CSA22.2 with DEMKO, NEMKO, A-7 D3 SETI)
Interface specifications with interface. Specifications and assignments The built-in interface the following characteristics: Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and Connector: The below the assignments and their respective interface A-8 STROBE DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA ACKNLG ACKNLG TTL Direction IN IN IN IN IN IN IN IN IN OUT Amphenol or STROBE to than the These information to of respectively. Each HIGH when and LOW when About LOW Indicates that and that the ready to
Direction BUSY OUT HIGH PE SLCT AUTO IN FEED NC GND CHASSIS GND which isolated from the NC GND IN this becomes LOW, the Indicates the The following the OUT HIGH that the of OUT to Not ground chassis ground, ground Not Twisted-pair ground to its when the first turned and the cleared. This than HIGH the each character) through .O this LOW, the normally HIGH; the A-9 Its
Cl The to of three A-10 ERROR OUT This becomes LOW when the GND NC OUT to NC IN The heading Direction from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to A//interface of each than the to this of the or when the Direction of The as to the the based the microseconds. BUSY LOW. The turned *The interface The then The The cleared. The character cleared. The The through .O of flow the TJL Both the and or BUSY from the LOW). cleared. OS
Software The below shows the that when the initialized. Item Top-of-form and right Character Font Download character and clears the spacing Cleared selection Software the command. The following then The cleared. The (The the The following The The The character The cleared. The (The inches Canceiled Every characters selected Hardware/control cleared Software ESC the and the inltlallzed. cleared. cleared. insertion A-11
Command Summary commands actions software. Software commands the to typeface, the amount each the and software these commands yourself. The commands this command summary. commands the software software the while others type ASCII characters. commands software to the command. If software allows to commands to the the software should exactly what and required. the summary The following section and the commands topic. If listed. If they explained. The indicated lowercase usually ESC ESC off. ESC ESC A-12 The below the indicated. with /O that with with of to turn the and to
Commands topic ASCII ESC ESC ESC EM feeding ASCII CR FF LF ESC ESC Hex. ASCII Hex. Hex. Turn Unidirectional On/ Loading/Ejecting R Ejects the sheet OD OA Spacing Select Spacing Select n/180-inch Spacing 2B n/360-inch Spacing Format Top Unit of of A-13
Hex. ASCII ESC motion ASCII ESC A-14 Hex. Length of inches Margin 4E Continuous of Margin Continuous 4F Margin 6C Right Margin Right from the the the the inch from top inch this command. inch and LQ this command.
C ESC I-IT ESC VT Font selection ASCII Hex. Hex. Relative to Terminated to OB Vertically 4A 6B Select Typeface should inch A-15
Hex. ASCII ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC4 ESC5 ESC ESC A-16 Select Font Pitch and pitch to pitch Select 48,60,or72 or other typefaces) Select 4D Select Select Turn On/Off Select LQ or the as LQ Select Font Font Select Font Font T, and ESC with ESC H.) P,
ASCII ESC! Hex. ASCII SI DC2 o DC4 ESC ESC ESC ESCSO ESC Hex. OF Select To the of the of the and to from the below: Select OE Double-Width Turn Double-Width On/Off Double-Width Turn Double-Height On/ Select Select Select together Double-width A-17
ASCII ESC Spacing Hex. ASCII ESC A-18 Hex. SP 2D Select Turn On/ 2D Select Character with Intercharacter of of to the characters Units inch Unit positioning as or Motion Select Pitch n/360-inch Strikethrough selected inch and (LQ and inch (I-IMI)
Character C Hex. Assign Character ESC( Assign character with to Character Table PC PC C PC C PC PC PC PC PC C PC BRASCII MAZOWIA (Poland)* C o ISO-8859-7 IS0 Select Character Select character ESC(t or characters from character assigned to with the or (USA) (Canadian-French) (Nordic) (East (Icelandic) MJK(CSFR)* 1T assigned to ESC A-19 and
ASCII Hex. ESC:OnO ESC ESC ESC A-20 Select International Character 0:USA UK Character First character character of character of character Right of character each character; character 3A Copy ROM to RAM or Typeface command Select Normal of This command the of characters those locations). ESC 5E as Characters ESC Amount of following as characters Norway II II America ESC of
ASCII ESC Graphics ASCII Hex. Hex. 2A Select ESC of Select Graphics Graphics with A-21 ESC
ASCII ESC A-22 Hex. 2E Graphics O:Fullg~aphicsmode of of The following allowed: DPI DPI
Character These character selected with the or using command. the character the as the PC437 The of the the characters FF. The with the only. PC437 (USA, through CCDE10123456789ABCDEF C 7F, the PC437 shown completely. O@P through A-23
PC860 PC850 C PC863 CODE C A-24 89ABCDEF (Canadian-French) 89ABCDEF C PC865 CODE C 89ABCDEF C 89ABCDEF fi
PC86 XCE C C andic 8QABCDEF C PC437 C A-25
PC869 CODE 89ABCDEF C PC853 A-26 IS0 CODE C PC857 CCDE C 89ABCDEF 89ABCDEF
IS0 C PC552 (East PC866 C 89ABCDEF PC555 C CXYE C 89ABCDEF fi P?I~X.+HT~ A-27 PP
MAZO CODE C IA C A-28 W/A BTBT~$~Z C MJK (CSFR)* BBABCDEF
89ABCDEF O@P'R DC2 #3CScs HrEMeC9IYiy LF VT ESC CL FF CR SI characters the character A-29
International character You of the following or the the characters the the below the character The following or with the The following selected with the command. A-30 international character selected with the Country USA UK Couniry Norway II II America international character with the ESC command. when ESC command. ASCII 23244050X5D5E607B7C7D7E o ASCII #$8flI0AUc+a?0AU VI ESC
Characters with the ESC To the characters the below, first the ESC command. CCCE ;T I- CT OL A-31
The following apply specifically to SC/I American Information assigning to and this selected the each (CR) line-feed bidirectional which the head both This increases the of The of the memory to of information consisting of characters inch of the of text characters, to as pitch. character of numbers, and that with the characters which the of each character approximately characters. or spreadsheets the to functions such as or feed. characters inch. or that when the initialized. of which each or of or which the (LF) of information of the of turned or GL-1 or
double-height which each character as which each character as as The of software that commands ESC/P software of from It EPSON and software computers. ESC/P The of the features, such as and graphics of type family troubleshooting that the of the and the the each and ASCII characters. the to its of which each or precisely The the and the interface character or M/C which the characters This that the The to which the loaded. 1Q One of the GL-2 EPSON This of commands feed readability and appearance reduced as ESC /P Commands this (fbced of LQ quality)
interface. The of which the of the to The of software that commands which the of the character from character to character. than typewritten RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. turned off. To to its command, turning the off and then back ROM Memory. of memory that and ROM its when the of the the the the characters its ROM. software that or which each character about two-thirds the height the of the character which the head only. Unidirectional graphics allows than bidirectional characters Characters that and the the characters. than lowercase It than the physical RAM when the The INIT or off the suchas GL-3