Instruction
Section the Section the Section with the Cartridges Section the Section Templates with CorelDRAW sublimation templates templates Sublimation Section Sublimation and CorelDRAW Section Introducing CorelDRAW and its CorelDRAW's Common CorelDRAW Printable's Section Sublimation hints and Section Troubleshooting NJE CONTENTS CorelDRAW troubleshooting and
On the PC then and as shown to the right: Right the and from the XP This the first that Click Preferences to to the Please that the appear from XP and release appear to the the .ICC Profiles Click the to the the Custom option. Then the advanced to the options Select the as shown below: Quality Color: Color/B&W Quality: Microweave: Preset to On High On On On Once the to these options this to completed each
the .ICC Profiles the and You to as the this that process. Once and showing the to to the previous Click OK the Advanced to that Then OK the to this The previous printing/transferring such as the to To this through the below. Quality Color: Color/B&W Quality: Normal Microweave: to On High Speed: On On On the to increase the when To this, the the Advanced and increase the to around and OK. To this follow to this that write the previous
this section to the from the The www.xpres.co.uk/tech_support/downloads You the the CD with the feed This CorelDRAW. the right and choose from the top of the The and feedback. to the option. If this the the .ICM to .ICC then re-try. CorelDRAW and the RGB the then CMYK You the appear as below. CorelDRAW X3, RGB the effects' section the the the arrows to as shown To the of the arrows switched switched off). To the arrows or off the arrow Click the of the to the shown below This CorelDRAW that to Select the choose the from the the ICC or restarted Corel the ICC and CorelDRAW Click Select RGB from the Click Select RGB from the Click OK.
Select the ICC (If Photoshop the created You the of ICC If ICC the instead. RGB Select RGB Click the and then Click OK. CorelDRAW's You with as with the ICC ready You the below The the highlighted. If from the Then OK. the and the ticked. the 'Apply ICC when using other the
Please this section proceeding. The shipped with These to the only. Black The with the required, please these with the and the these Turn the the button. 'NO INK CRTG' appears the LCD. the covers and the the from its and then the the the or the assignment below. Incorrect of the their the The the appear the LCD. or the accordingly 'READY' appears the LCD, which charging completed. CHARGING THE PRINTER WITH INK INK ASSIGNMENT GUIDE BLACK Sublimation MAGENTA CYAN YELLOW
this section learn to and the to the to the this the If the templates these from the Technical section of www.xpres.co.uk/tech_support/downloads Click New From Template the then where Sublimation templates Select the then OK. Select template You templates as this with only. Click of the templates and the the this with Click and the template to the of the clicking Select from the and the You as Click the selection to the slightly than the template, as below. Click Effects You arrow appear, the or to the to the You the appear (fitted) to the template as with templates You these the Technical CD, and CD.
with templates If the correctly first right the and choose from the You Effects the the and the template the the right You the the with the right and choose Editing This from the You this clicking Effects Editing This ready to to with the .ICC templates Sublimation templates slightly than the You the of the template as this to the the XP6006 Heat to the to the The template the the template as this when printed. To once to the template to Sublimation and (A4) (A3) XP4047 (A3+) and the bright white only.
Introducing CorelDRAW CorelDRAW of which to of the and features of the this section to the CorelDRAW and what they and through the to CorelDRAW. of the CorelDRAW with of the based Text Interactive Interactive Interactive Distortion Envelope Transparency Interactive Interactive its of the shown the and the Text what flyout to the the and the allowing to the Each of the flyout shown below of where the the the and their Roughen Paintbucket Artistic Curve, Interactive Connector, Graph of Arrow Flowchart Shapes, Shapes, Callout
CorelDRAW's The This the that CorelDRAW, the and selecting and of the other holding the and within the that clicking with The the to with the to the to the right to and around the with the and to the selected The the Curve flyout and the Click where to the first and the the the to Release the the where to the and the to the Double-click to the The This with the to This to the of and to the The of these that clickand the and the that would to the The Text with this and then type as with the that the options the top of the such as type and as as the formatting The This the of to the of the selecting the first with the and then choosing the to The The exactly the as the the of the of the of selecting the first then choosing the to The Interactive These of that allow to artist to the CorelDRAW such as and Grouping CorelDRAW allows to with other this that when or and other with the action to them. To the to the and to then "Group" or the the "Group", to Ungroup the action the "Ungroup" option. Common CorelDRAW
Common CorelDRAW There to CorelDRAW. You and the selection around the the Property You the of proportionally its aspect You specifying or the directly. Scaling specified You anchor from its to of its selection You the to and type the If the ratio the and height of the If the wish. Duplicating There of CorelDRAW. The that terms of plotting to the with the then CTRL+D. You then the manually the The to to the Transformation Click Transformations The Transformation the right CorelDRAW. the and the apply buttons The the right shows which selected and ready to duplicated. To increase or the positioning the or the arrows. This function the from the The relative option there to where the to appear. On the selected the to appear the of the 'Apply To to the From the transformation and and Sublimation hints and sublimation protective coating which pressing. The of these the clocks, and coasters. Also other products coatings. the facing when the heat and the If this or to the Sublimation and which and below based the Press XP5013 Coated (increase to top to XP5011 (increase to top to XP5015 Coated (increase to top to XP5014 Coated (top to recommended this type of XP5013 and XP5014 dishwasher to the sublimation chart or information and other products. Non-proportional ratio factor Selection
troubleshooting and CorelDRAW To CorelDRAW to and the to (ALT+Z)'. the to 'Text' and correct'. Un-tick boxes. memory increase the memory to CorelDRAW If CorelDRAW and of memory increasing this recommended). To the of text CorelDRAW (rather than the Click to and the to the top and to the cluster. plastic, appears the and as illustrated the information the correctly. whether the facing the heat If top to them the and information). hints and the Subli-T's? as the to the heat applying the The the heat too high. the the the immediately and/or increase the the press. The sublimation appears washed the appears heat applied, and become the ICC correction software. the of the XP4047 Sublimation the bright white CorelDRAW to the There this. Highlight with the then the (F10) CorelDRAW, the CTRL then the selection the of the While the and the to If the CorelDRAW should PHOTO-PAINT. the to as CorelDRAW X3 built the FAQ section the hints and www.xpres.co.uk/tech_support/faq