Copyright and rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information While every the of this Corporation responsibility or Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. EPSON of Corporation and other countries/regions. Microsoft, and of Microsoft Corporation the United States and/or other countries. Notice: Other and of their owners. and rights those NOTICE: The of this to without Copyright Corporation. rights Copyright and
Notice and Instructions You the software to the EPSON PP-100. You the EPSON PP-100 to including to CDs and You to the rights of copyright owners. EPSON and EPSON from, copyright or or Instructions the instructions this section the Also, to follow and instructions the the Product the following when the or cover the and the only the type of indicated the the that with the of another fire or shock. The with this only. with other fire or shock. the AC the reasons, to ground the cord. using the as photocopiers or that switch and off. outlets switches or timers. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. Notice and Instructions
or cord. If with the that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the outlet the to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the casing the normally or performance. If to the Germany, the building protected or to short-circuit protection and over-current protection the the to or other with the of the the both connected the If to the the or If there the them with of the and Commercially function this Choosing the Product the following when choosing the the that the of the If the the than the back of the and the The properly enough front of the the cover to to and humidity. Also, the from sunlight, light, or heat to shocks, or enough around the to allow Notice and Instructions
the outlet where the easily the Product the following when using the the to the products that or around this Doing fire. the off the this pressed, the light flashes. the or off the to the the light flashing. the the the head and the from to when closing the cover. The and this the however, this to the function of the or the as the malfunction. cover while the instructs to or This write or Also, reasons, the while as The as shared using the Cartridges the following when the of the reach of allow to from or the this Notice and Instructions
when as there around the If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. or tear the the this the immediately from its If the the its or to them. This the head. from allow to least three hours using cool, the IC the of the Doing operation and The IC this of cartridge-related information, such as the that the and freely. each the the with the supply facing This Also, attached to the supply the functioning properly. Notice CD/DVD using the operation should conducted to the functionality. Also, back the the CD/DVD, or the following of or -Incorrect -Malfunction or to responsibility or to to those the warranty Notice and Instructions
Concerning of of this Product Should the expected from this including software, obtained, from that fact, such as of this and earnings that through the of this About this high such as related to or should this only to including and to and reliability. this high such as or related to please this copying CD or DVD, the that the recorded the copyright, that copyright the that from the author, or that copying of the the Copying of CD or DVD without these and should This business and household Notice and Instructions
and Notes and Notes this as indicated below the following followed to to to Notes information and the of the WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the EMC of this You that or Corporation authority to the FCC American This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation.This and and, and with the instruction interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the -Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician This Class with ICES-003. Notice and Instructions
DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: DVD Publisher DVD N131A N151A Notice and Instructions
Chapter Software the Product To this of the following operating Professional SP4 or XP SP2 or Edition/Professional SP1 or Basic/Home SP2 or R2 SP2 or SP2 or R2 CPU XP R2 (or or R2 (or or Software
Memory XP R2 HDD HDD or Interface USB Compatible with USB USB performance XGA or higher or Other CD: sound with If FAT, write to DVD. ATI South Bridge IPX460 or earlier incompatible with this to the the United States and and the (EMEA) that supported. The function properly third writing software software and another USB connected. that commands and operations with MMC or higher and as copying. GB or R2 GB or XP GB or R2 GB or GB or GB or GB or R2 MB or GB or recommended) GB or or higher Software
and the software installation, the the publishing operation. You service and of the These reflected the CD/DVD publishers the PP-100N). Select or (or EPSON EPSON The EPSON Select Common Publishing from the The Common Publishing appear. Click to to Working Select with information the HDD the following section. the publication to the history of the the the 200MB, the with the to ones. Click OK Software
the Product the EPSON to the (CD/DVD publisher) to the The when the manually. the to when the automatically. that the connected to the the USB and that the turned Select or (or EPSON EPSON The EPSON Click Select CD/DVD publisher then Next Select the to from CD/DVD Publisher then Next and OK Software
of Completion to the that that (or finished. This reflected the CD/DVD publishers Select or (or EPSON EPSON The EPSON Select Common Publishing from the The Common Publishing appear. Click The appear. Select of the options when finished Click OK Software
of Applications The EPSON software included with the allows to write or CDs/DVDs, CD/DVD and CDs/DVDs. EPSON EPSON write and CD/DVD The to write and CD/DVD "Publish" the EPSON EPSON CDs/DVDs. EPSON EPSON that the and information about its EPSON or the of to processed. EPSON EPSON to the to the and to to CD/DVDs, such as the and EPSON EPSON to the following: Writing to to to CDs, to CDs, and to CDs, or to CDs, or copying CD/DVDs. Creating and CD/DVD Starting EPSON Click or to or to EPSON and then EPSON Software
Information through You EPSON from the software or from the of EPSON EPSON or EPSON the to each of The choose from of to the Accessing the You the from EPSON EPSON Windows-based applications, and the If displayed from EPSON The reflected EPSON The when EPSON If from EPSON or the The information as the and this, reflected the EPSON and other applications. to the following sections to the From EPSON Click or to or to EPSON and then EPSON Select from From EPSON Click or to or to EPSON and then EPSON Select CD/DVD Publisher then Software
From Click or the the that appears, Preferences or to or of these buttons.) From the Click then Devices and Click or then XP Professional: Click then and XP Edition/Windows Click then and Click to then or and Right-click EPSON PP-100PRN then Preferences the Information through You items the from or from the Accessing the the of the following Right-click the then Click Software
Uninstalling Software You the software following the below. or or when the software. the to with the operation. XP, or as user with to the group) to the software. the software, Microsoft installed. of them when the software. XP, or Click or and then Click to and then Click Uninstall or or the or XP, or Choose EPSON Click Uninstall/Change or or Change/Remove XP, or If the to the software double-clicking PP-100 Select and Next the appears, Follow the on-screen instructions. Software
Chapter Publishing Introduction This section through the procedures creating and CDs/DVDs. information CDs/DVDs, the following section. Turning On/off This section to on/off Turning the Press the light flashes. light flashes then Turning off Press the The light then turn off; then turned off. turning off, If the operating, seconds operation then off The the when the turned back while this the USB and If turning off the while the PC follow the below. If the turned off without following the the PC If or the software. Hardware" the Select DVD the and Stop Publishing
of Publishing To write to and to that created/edited Publish EPSON The three of publishing This as the input and or as the selected as the to created once. Also, the input and published from the the to published If selected as the without the while This This and as the input and or as the of (CD and DVD) each of the and of This creating batches of once. If the type of and and selected the input to CDs/DVDs continuously published published without to continuously published and published If selected as the without the while This as the Publishing
Batch This and as the input and and as the You to once without and while to continuously published and published To this to the Batch to Select to from the following. Both both and to write efficiently If and write other automatically. of write Select to the of write The of write to writing write the of write the to without write Publishing
Select the characters. The correctly. If this with write This useful to the which the write The with the write to the Ejected to Ejected to or Batch Ejected to or The the following The incorrect type found the Not enough to the Notice CD/DVD Writing and the of sunlight. warped or the from operating normally. only as Printable the or Printable with and writing to CDs/DVDs, to CD/DVD Publishing
the the first or or appears and reduced. If publishing of publishing If head cleaning. writing and separately, to writing. If write to to each other and or or scratches the write sticking, sticking, or to CD/DVD, and the of CDs/DVDs. the first the to using or touching the of CDs/DVDs, they completely and them of sunlight. If the it the following. type. the the using specified selected Reprinting the CD/DVD the to the of the there Please as the of the the If the operating, seconds the operation finished, and then turn the off. the or therefore, the DVD and DVD as to screwdriver or the CD/DVD as this malfunction. Publishing
published CD/DVD another type of or to compatibility. The of the and write It recommended to the specified type. It recommended that while writing recommended the Recorded It to periodically. shock or the while reading or writing, as this malfunction of the or the cracked, warped, or the and malfunction or injury. become or scratch or therefore, please with the and The completed of EPSON shows the of of and of printed. with cleaner, CD/DVD or them as it mechanical or malfunction. If the of the FAT, DVD writing Duplicating Please CD/DVD that MMC commands and operates conformity with MMC as copying. (Please the of which Copying the type of CD/DVD used. If please using CD/DVD To from the EPSON please as with to the group). copying of the with account. If the CD/DVD, it copied. Publishing
If the packet-written CD, with Commercially Software with software that CD/DVD to the following CD/DVD CD/DVD or CD/DVD Margins Notice and 2D to and 2D that CD/DVDs, whether the or 2D correctly or 2D where they other or where they the and 2D the ratio of to white to information. If of the ratio of to white, and 2D to correctly. whether the and 2D correctly If with bidirectional correctly, the head and then the or the with Publishing
Loading CDs/DVDs Follow the below to CDs/DVDs. the cover. of to them from sticking to scratch the recording of the Publishing
with the facing the the the otherwise, the or If as the the located Publishing
the cover. Accessing EPSON the EPSON to writing and the the Click or to or to EPSON and then EPSON To learn to EPSON to the The following instructions to to written EPSON and the of EPSON Publishing
type of to published from the then Apply Publishing
and or to the tree or EPSON To EPSON from the Publishing
Creating The following instructions to using templates with the software. Click the of EPSON Publishing
Click Template and from the then Apply Publishing
the as the Background Item and EPSON To EPSON from the Publishing
the The following instructions to Click Publish the of EPSON Click the Publish of EPSON or EPSON Publishing
Publish Select Select the type of that displayed. Click OK Publishing
Publishing The following instructions to CDs/DVDs. the the Publish of EPSON EPSON To EPSON from the Click the Publish Publishing
the cover while the publishing the instructs to or This write or Also, the while as sound cover while and the Closing the the the while the as the If to the cover, or the or the used, writing become than the the used, the recommended writing of the used. this reduce the writing with DVDR DL, recommended to write with If while the when restarting Publishing
Loading Follow the below to CDs/DVDs. the cover. of to them from sticking together. to scratch the recording of the Publishing
CDs/DVDs with the facing the the the otherwise, the or Publishing
of to them from sticking together. to scratch the recording of the with the facing the the the otherwise, the or Publishing
10.If as the that there and to the located Publishing
11.If as the the located the cover. Accessing EPSON the EPSON to writing and the the Click or to or to EPSON and then EPSON To learn to EPSON to the The following instructions to to written EPSON and the of EPSON Publishing
Select type of to published from the then Apply Publishing
and or to the tree or EPSON To EPSON from the Publishing
Creating The following instructions to using templates with the software. Click the of EPSON Publishing
Click Template and from the then Apply Publishing
the as the Background Item and EPSON To EPSON from the Publishing
the The following instructions to Click Publish the of EPSON Click the Publish of EPSON or EPSON Publishing
Publish Select Select the type of that Select the type of that If to published to If to published to Click OK Publishing
Publishing The following instructions to CDs/DVDs. the the Publish of EPSON EPSON To EPSON from the Click the Publish Publishing
the while the publishing the instructs to or This write or Also, reasons, the while as sound cover while and the Closing the cover the the while the as the If to the cover, or the or the used, writing become than the the used, the recommended writing of the used. this reduce the writing with DVDR DL, it recommended to write with If while the when restarting Publishing
Batch Loading Follow the below to CDs/DVDs. the cover. of to them from together. to scratch the recording of the Publishing
with the facing the the the otherwise, the or Publishing
of to them from sticking together. to scratch the recording of the with the facing the the the otherwise, the or Publishing
that there and to the located Publishing
the cover. Accessing EPSON the EPSON to writing and the the Click or to or to EPSON and then EPSON To learn to EPSON to the Publishing
The following instructions to to written EPSON and the of EPSON Select type of to published from the then Apply Publishing
and or to the tree or EPSON To EPSON from the Publishing
Creating The following instructions to templates with the software. Click the of EPSON Publishing
Click Template and from the then Apply Publishing
the as the Background Item and EPSON To EPSON from the Publishing
the The following instructions to Click Publish the of EPSON Click the Publish of EPSON or EPSON Publishing
Publish Select Batch Select the type of that Click OK Publishing
Publishing the the Publish of EPSON EPSON To EPSON from the Click the Publish Publishing
the covers while the publishing the instructs to or This write or Also, reasons, the while as sound cover while and the Closing the cover the the while the as the If to the covers, or the or the used, writing become than the the used, the recommended writing of the used. this reduce the writing with DVDR DL, recommended to write with If while the when restarting Follow the below to the published from the If as the or when to published when the LED flashing fast. the cover to or and the the published from the The to the publishing to the following of Batch Batch to about to about Publishing
to CDs and completely them or touching the Allow specified to least hour and other of least hours. If the using the to the If the smears, the to the publishing using Batch the of to the as the of Also, the of become The to the of to Batch the switches to when the reach the height the of to the the thickness of the used. to about Publishing
Publishing If to follow the instructions below. the of EPSON appears Select the to the Unfinished and then from the or button. If there published, the the finished. The of while the Publishing
Publishing If to follow the instructions below. EPSON the to the Unfinished and then from the or button. Publishing
Canceling Publishing If to follow the instructions below. EPSON Select the to the Unfinished and then from the or button. If published, that and the to the Publishing
Priority Publishing If to the others when than published, follow the instructions below. EPSON Select the to to the Unfinished and then Priority Publishing from the or The selected the such operations as head, and correcting Publishing
Chapter Cartridges Checking the Cartridge the or of EPSON. the displayed the EPSON To the the following: EPSON appears when You the from this You EPSON from the EPSON If of the the with the or improperly EPSON of the to or such with the Cartridges
Precautions Cartridge Read the instructions this section the publishing (write/print) This with IC that the amount of each Cartridges they and each the their reliability. The the supply to that released. recommended. the supply of the or its surrounding the following operations: charging when head cleaning, and cleaning efficiency, only when ready to with when the Other products that covered warranties, and of the reach of allow to from or the when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the of The of that covered warranties, and the ready to the within months the the the obtained otherwise, the head Cartridges
You with reached its the other the off the or the cover while light flashing). of covers the to of the consumed. Also, If the correctly attached to the board. the the board with cloth and of the based the of of reduced and the performance the flashing or the correctly that correctly. If the Cleaning seconds. If the the or turning off the the head covered to from to off the the or the while the or the or with Cartridge the ready to the To the of each the following section: EPSON Cartridges
This the of the lights and the actions to Lights Action flashing To follow the below. the from the ready to with another. The of the light the instructions the the that the light flashing. the cover. seconds or the The reached its the with Cartridges
the the slightly. the straight of the of properly. the from the the IC the of the This the immediately the If the promptly, the head and to the Other products that covered warranties, and Cartridges
the the Then the clicks finished the cover. Cartridges
Chapter Product Checking the Head If that the unexpectedly or that to the the head You the head from the the Follow the below to the that that lights indicating and that the cover closed. Access the Accessing the Click the then the Follow the on-screen instructions. the of the with the shown below. If there such as or the the head Product
If of the as shown below, this Cleaning the Head Cleaning the Head If that the unexpectedly or that to these cleaning the head, which that the properly. You the head from the head cleaning the or from the the buttons. the cover while cleaning head. head cleaning the cover head cleaning head cleaning reduction of life. Clean the head the or the incorrect or the first to that the head to cleaned. This to the head. reached its the head. the first. Product
the Head Cleaning Follow the below to the head using the head cleaning the turned lights and the cover closed. Access the Accessing the Click the then the Head Cleaning Follow the on-screen instructions. The light flashes while the the cleaning light flashing. Doing the off the while the If repeating this about four the off and least hours. Then the and the head cleaning necessary. If the least of or and to replaced. Cartridge <Normal> Product
the Product Follow the below to clean the head the buttons. the PC turned the turned lights and the cover closed. Press and the Cleaning three seconds. light flashing. The cleaning the head and the light flashing. Doing off the while the the light flashing, to that the the head clean. Checking the Head If repeating this about four the off and least hours. Then the and the head cleaning necessary. If the least of or and to replaced. Cartridge the Head If of or to this the head thickness their with thicknesses of the head. the head to and the head It recommended to the and type of when publishing the Head Follow the below to the head the head Product
lights and the closed. Access the Accessing the Click the then the Head Follow the on-screen instructions to the head. the the the and the together. To clear the and If the with of the the head as appear of to Correcting the If of to this the correcting the the Correcting the Follow the below to the and using the Correcting the lights and the cover closed. Access the Accessing the Click the then the Correcting the Follow the on-screen instructions to the and Product
Cleaning Product Cleaning the of the Product To operating its thoroughly the following or thinner to the These chemicals the to from the If or other of the affecting the to the turned off and the lights off, and then the from the clean cloth to or If the off, cloth with Then, the of the with cloth. cleaning the the cover and the to the from to the that located the of the the section. Cleaning the of the Product To their the the following Product
the turned off and the lights off, and then the from the the cover, and the from the cloth to or from the and of the the back to from the the of the with attached to or should wiped with cloth with Cleaning the Clean the located the of the once every months. the turned off and the lights off, and then the from the and the screws from the covers to them. the from the covers. Product
to the the the back Tighten the screws to the covers. Clean the (once every months). Information You helpful information and of the the of and the service of the that the connected to the the USB and that the turned Access the Accessing the Click the Info Service of to to Product
Transporting Product If to and to the and Warning: The heavy, people the or the vertically, or turn If to the and the and to the from shock. the Removing the the head and the from Turn off the and its cord. the interface from the the cover. the with then the cover. the cover and them with the protective to both of the the and the the to the protective and from the Product
to the the as shown below. Product
Troubleshooting the Troubleshooting first the then apply the fixed. The information that to and the and the EPSON Utility. to the section below. If relating to publishing related to publishing feeding or the to the section. To to Canceling You using the lights If the and the lights or flashing, the following to the then follow the recommended corrective Condition of lights change, the operation. Troubleshooting
off, flashing, flashing associated with cover associated with Lights Lights cover or cover covers. or cover while the the to the as follows. the and the the input the cover and If the frequently, the as follows. the cover. the from both the and the the the input to sticking. other the input the cover and If the frequently, Conditions/Remedies Conditions/Remedies Troubleshooting
associated with Lights Lights Turn off the and the If the frequently, Arm to release Turn off the and from the the This the arm. To the from the arm, the and the If the frequently, Turn off the and then the If the frequently, from the the This the arm. To the from the arm, the and the or (when as the correctly correctly correctly correctly Conditions/Remedies Conditions/Remedies Troubleshooting
Lights correctly (when as the or Batch correctly The flashes when the of however, the of the light flashing match the of the becoming empty. The flashes when the of however, the of the light flashing match the of the becoming empty. overloaded that below the overloaded that below the overloaded the from published from published from published from Conditions/Remedies Troubleshooting
associated with Lights To which the Checking the Cartridge The reached its or correctly. the or If the correctly, there the board. it with cloth and The operation completely to head Therefore, the It recommended to lights and they Conditions/Remedies Troubleshooting
associated with Lights Please authorized service service the right The and the function. to service the yourself. If nearly Nearly the software. There lights indicating Please authorized service service the right The nearly and the functioning when the becomes to service the yourself. Product occurred. Turn off the and Turn off the and If the frequently, Leaving the off the of head. to the immediately it turned off. If the and the of the head. If publishing the and Conditions/Remedies Troubleshooting
associated with Lights Turn off the the cord, and Then, the If the frequently, Turn off the the and then the of the If the frequently, Writing The cleared repeated the of the and If there with the the with EPSON and the If the frequently, occurred, such as the or the enough the the from the type the EPSON The cleared repeated the of that the and Then, the EPSON the type that the as the the If the the frequently, Conditions/Remedies Troubleshooting
Other EPSON If while appear the EPSON If appears indicating the the the of their service or the the saturated, to Checking Product EPSON EPSON information the There three to EPSON to the EPSON appears. the EPSON the Publish button. From the Click or to or to EPSON and then EPSON Lights Turn the off and If the frequently, Conditions/Remedies Troubleshooting
EPSON the following appears: Cartridge EPSON the following information: You of to Unfinished and Finished and its information, and and unfinished This information. It displays as as helpful Cartridge This graphic of the based the of that from the when the as This from the as of such as the and to indicated as or and than indicated of This graphic of the and It shows where Drive/Printer/ Troubleshooting
or the CD/DVD Not Correctly Not the of and of the following: The The too the instructions that with the information. The the the together of incorrect of the therefore, should thoroughly the Also, the of to to each other If the of the operating the the If the The reached If reached its Cartridge If from the input the cover. from the of to them from sticking together. back the the cover. Publish If feed from the or the Turn the off. Turn the back Publish If the the hand, as the To the off the and the and the the Troubleshooting
If the to the fits the the of the the of and the too thin. from the and them them back. If found when displayed, thickness or of Follow the below to the and If the to cover. the from the from the input other the input the cover and the If the or when turn off/on the If the restarting the follow the procedures below: If the off the the from the and the cover located the of the Then the the cover. the the If the off the the from the and then the to the forcibly. Then, the from the and the and to the when the the operation, the should to the the of the turned off and than with the If easily force and the Troubleshooting
If the while hand. This the arm. If such off/on the and the the If the to If frequently, of the following: The smooth, You using high-quality The of the the The of The of the the The of the the specified that Mechanical The that the The properly Writing to the using the where or It write If write frequently, the following: The The high-quality. The within The to or shock. The with The Troubleshooting
Quality If then with the below. Click the the that Incorrect or Colors Blurry or Smeared Printout the of the the Troubleshooting
the head cleaning to clear Cleaning the Head within months the the light. If the light the Cartridge the type selected the the type of the Publishing the head the Head the type selected the the type of the Publishing the of the the the head cleaning to clear Cleaning the Head the type selected the the type of the Publishing to the the of the type of from the the Incorrect or Colors the or the the Troubleshooting
the head cleaning utility. Cleaning the Head the light. If the light the Cartridge If the the expired. If the the Cartridge Blurry or Smeared Printout the that the The properly dirty, or too and the facing the type selected the the type of the Publishing or allow to with the of with finish. allow the to hours the head cleaning Cleaning the Head Printout Incorrect or Characters Clear from the Turn off the and the interface securely Uninstall the then Uninstalling Software Troubleshooting
Incorrect Margins the the within the of the Printable the the the the Uninstall the then Uninstalling Software The location the used. head or correcting the Correcting the The from the of the the location appear shifted from the the shifted from the of the or from the outer Printout head cleaning, and head Printed Smeared or Select the the Uninstall the then Uninstalling Software too the type selected the the type of the Publishing the High the Troubleshooting
If continuously the temporarily feeding or the while. This to the and the from overheating and If this to and the about thirty with the (The recover about hours with the off.) the Uninstall the then Uninstalling Software to the Recording the type of to the recording they right of the type of the of the from other the completely otherwise or the where The Product Function Lights Press the to the Turn off the and the securely outlet and switch or Lights On and then The match the Turn off the and immediately. Then the the back of the If the match, DO NOT PLUG YOUR PRODUCT BACK IN. Troubleshooting
the Light On If the lightly, the although the light flashes while. Press the firmly. Turn off the and the interface securely If trying to enough memory. reducing the of or the You to memory Uninstall the then Uninstalling Software The Light Flashing or On the Cartridge the correctly Software the USB the USB connected. the USB match the and the The USB to the and the should USB the HDD free The software the HDD of than 10GB. as with to the group) the software, as user with to the group). using USB The USB should connected directly the PC and the the The with this the EPSON and the then the EPSON Troubleshooting
If the of the from the correctly to the of the and the the installation. the software, to the off; then installation. Nearly Displayed the Software nearly Please authorized service the right The nearly and the functioning when the becomes to service the yourself. Published If the as and the service; service publishing or service Information If "The information read. You with displayed, with If copying from with first. DVD of the Product Displayed when You Click Hardware" the the DVD of the when the Hardware" Please or off the off. Troubleshooting
Where To Contacting Customer Contacting If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased Customer to them the following information: Product (The the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with the United States and information, and services Technical Support: Location: America Inc. URL: This the with to the and Where To
the (EMEA) information, and services URL: or If the or other downloadable, the information, and services North NSW If the or other downloadable, the Where To
Product Information Product and Functions Product cover: the when or the and the lights to the section cover: when or the the or off. Product Information
AC the cord. USB USB from to the Interface locking this directing and gathering the least the back of the and the Rear cover: this cover when the the cover, to the from the to this cover while Writes the recording of o Product Information
Arm: as input to as input or to about this to or the when or Batch as to about as to about Prints of Writes the recording of Function Cleaning Lights Light Press and seconds to the head. On when the Flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. Flashes when processed. Product Information
INK STACKER the following instructions. Indicators and Cartridges You the following with this C13S020447 Light C13S020448 Light C13S020449 C13S020450 C13S020451 Black C13S020452 To purchase PP-100 with the where purchased PP-100 or of the following (United States and On when cover or when or Flashes when with the On when reached its or correctly Flashes when On when the overloaded with or when the and (when the to Flashes when the correctly or the of the light flashes Product Information
offers the specified CD-R and DVD-R Technical Specifications CD/DVD The supported. the of or type of the to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and or other If switch to higher of The specified Thermal supported. The specified the If high and high to each other. If used, please the Please the recording and they fingerprints, or scratches. and the recording should with cloth, CD cleaner, or thinner, or CD/DVD: CD-R/DVD-R 4.7GB/DVD+R 4.7GB/DVD-R DL 8.5GB/DVD+R DL 8.5GB Printable other than the specified type supported. CD-R, DVD-R Product Information
Notes Notes when recording when holding with that and recording fingerprints, or scratches. or apply force, pinching with or to the This the to or where of and If write and recommended to write Leaving sticking to each other. the Touching the with or splashing the with right and stickiness. only the hand, writing and Also, once printed. with with holding than or the used, the published CD/DVD another type of or to compatibility. The recording the the of the and of such the to or It recommended to the The specified the If high and high to each other. If used, please the Product Information
Notes when sunlight, heating or high and where as top of the the its and or the These scratch the or which the directly. This to or with of the covered, as this smearing or recommended the It recommended to of high and high humidity, which and stickiness of the Printable The the The from the of EPSON the or manually. The following shows the and the Product Information
CD/DVD: to the and the within the shown sections the CD/DVD The EPSON of and of to the to sticking, of the of and of It recommended to the type the of the the the the of the of the Precautions the the the of the used. whether of the the sticking, sticking, and Measures to when the sticking, sticking, and the following action to that. Drying the and Although throughput reduced, or reduced, the Publish If from another from the the If from the from CD/DVD CD/DVD Product Information
with software that CD/DVD to the following CD/DVD CD/DVD or Specified CD/DVD Margins Cartridges Yellow, Light Light Cartridge within months of the to C to F) the of Other products that covered warranties, and the the its the Other products that covered warranties, and The with partly to high-quality the head with This one-off of and therefore these to high or or sunlight. To that and to head, the when to the The include this Cartridge based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the This with and of the from the first its www.discproducer.epson.com information about month C F) Product Information
when Black selected, the operation to the and head Processing Bidirectional, the or the used, writing become than the based XP. of Products that Connected to One of products that connected to of products that published from connected PC the On Head of (Quality/Speed) of every inch) and CD DVD Quality/Speed: Quality/Speed: and CD EPSON specified CD-R, of writing MB and Speed/Bidirectional EPSON specified DVD-R, of writing GB and Speed/Bidirectional Bidirectional Bidirectional DVD Product Information
CD-R DVD-R DVD+R DVD-R DL DVD+R DL Mechanical type capacity to about Width: inches) with AC to Rated to Rated the the back of the its about Depth: inches) inches) Product Information
Operation: to C to F) Operation:* to RH Without and UL60950-1 CAN/CSA-C22.2 EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class AS/NZS CISPR22 Class 2006/95/EC EN60950-1 EMC 2004/108/EC EN55022 Class EN61000-3-2 EN61000-3-3 EN55024 GOST-R IEC60950-1 CISPR Interface USB Communication to C to F) month C F) to RH Product Information
of this to as follows: Expected life: About The to about Based month, bidirectional. based such factors as printed, type, of and life: About to burned The the combined the with the based burning only, and the high based burning CDs only. Expected based such factors as printed, type, of and of CDs burned. Product Information