C01-00
This the features of that the printed. the following Quality Loading of The sheets of Follow these whenever of Turn the of the about seconds, the the and that from sheet of LOAD/EJECT or ON LINE. Product Notice Characters/inch Characters/second/line EPSON Product Notice C01-00
If the without the ON LINE to the off Then the and firmly. Follow the to of when the Chapter of when sheets Chapter and when switch from to sheets Chapter SelecType The built-in OCR-A, OCR-B, and Orator-S. of the from the SelecType of the front Product Notice FONT SANS SERIF COURIER PRESTIGE SCRIPT C ORATOR
the FONT the through of the built-in The lights the selected the light off. the light the light You the software ESC to the other built-in OCR-A Orator-S of these the lights the OTHER The software commands Chapter of The SelecType Chapter of Chapter shows of the and The section of Chapter shows of the OCR-B, OCR-A, and These built-in and the Therefore, to the Product Notice
The DIP Switch The below the each DIP switch. DIP switch ON OFF International character Graphics character on/off Normal Character on/off DIP switch SW ON OFF Not Tear-off On -inch perforation On On capacity KB* KB Graphics Unidirect. Character of (downloaded) characters Product Notice Graphics On and
International character Table Graphics character Graphics character Graphics PC (United States) PC PC PC PC selection inches inches inches ON ON OFF ON OFF OFF ON SW SW SW SW ON ON ON ON ON ON OFF ON ON OFF ON ON ON OFF OFF ON ON Character Character Product Notice ON ON SW OFF OFF ON OFF OFF ON SW ON ON
Graphics Character Graphics Character PC (United States) PC Product Notice
PC PC (Canada-French) Product Notice
PC Application Notes The Application Notes this Product Notice Printed
This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this If this than interface to interfaces. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of the information While every the of this America, Inc. responsibility or Neither from the of the information ActionPrinter of America, Inc. and ESC/P of Corporation of America, Inc. IBM of International Corporation. Copyright California FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS America, Inc. WARNING
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat This should built-in This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding-type third (grounding) This grounding-type This If to the the to the of the grounding-type this where the
If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the of this through as they touch or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or or frayed. B. If the If the to or C. D. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions of other and often technician to the to operation. E. If the or the F. If the performance, indicating service.
Introduction The ActionPrinter combining and high performance with of features. to the high-quality and ease of operation to from this offers the following features: featuring single-sheet with the ESC/P commands the LQ-500, LQ-510, LQ-800, LQ-850, LQ-1000, LQ-1010, LQ-1050, LQ-1500, LQ-2500, and LQ-2550. of to characters (characters second). that allows selection of character as as choice of or The that sheets of without the with tear-off, and allows easy and built-in Quality and high-quality inch graphics that allows to feed the or to the and tear-off Introduction
Introduction international character character and the Graphics character The to of types, including and and of options with information and these options, Chapter To or purchase or or (C806241) The to single-sheet easily and efficiently. to of the without reloading. Introduction
Tractor Unit (C800141) This option the performance of It with (#7407-A) The optional to the of the Quality Ribbon Cartridge The optional with higher than the ribbon. Introduction Introduction
Introduction Interface Boards Optional interface boards to the built-in interface. choosing the right interface and instructions the boards Chapter About This This illustrated, instructions and operating around Chapter information testing, and the to and follow these instructions first. the back of this of the which of the identified. and and operation. This information the of Introduction
shows to the from It includes the of software commands, graphics, and creating characters. summary of commands. If the properly or the what Chapter troubleshooting instructions. Other and the information options, and specifications. You of At the back of this Reference that the information to this WARNINGS to to and CAUTIONS should to that operates correctly. Notes information and the operation of Application Notes included the with Application Notes. It information using software with to the Introduction Introduction
Introduction Where to Customer service products of authorized Customer throughout the United States. the Consumer Information the following: Customer Technical Information To or purchase or or Introduction
Chapter the the Checking the Removing the Protective Choosing the Assembling the the the Ribbon Cartridge Attaching the Testing the the the If the Not Work Connecting the to The Interface Application Software Choosing From the
Unpacking the Checking the the that the shown below and that the Ribbon
Removing the Protective The protected locking You this turning the WARNING: the locking turning Turning the while the attached seriously the Follow these to the locking the cover. the Unpacking the
Unpacking the the as shown below. the locking the with the other to the
Choosing the There things to when selecting to the following the such as counter or the and overheating. the enough to the the to reach. around the to allow easy operation and and of around the grounded WARNING: locations that to sunlight, heat, or switches or timers. interruption of information memory and memory. using outlets that with or this the from of interference such as or the of telephones. the
the The below shows location. these and The should to least the of the or pounds that the of than from With If supply below the there enough clearance to the from catching the of the Also, the the enough the that they with feeding. If the to the the
Assembling the the to the to the WARNING: to the locking as the The to feed the manually the of or other feeding The the white the the the and it the the
Assembling the the fits the the Ribbon Cartridge easy and the the turned off. the CAUTION: the to the of the This with the and
the as follows. the head to the of the CAUTION: the head while the turned this the Also, the the head cool touching Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow. This the and to the Assembling the
Assembling the the its and the the Press lightly both of the to the properly seated. pointed such as to the the head and while the ribbon-tightening to feed the the
the head from to to smoothly. that the twisted or creased. the notches of the the of the the both to it the Assembling the
Assembling the the sheets, the to the smoothly and efficiently the the using the following the the as shown below. the the
To the slightly to release from its then the the cover the the cover the notches the front of the and the cover back the Assembling the
Testing the that assembled, its built-in function to that the correctly to You should this to that and that the correctly the to the to outlet and of the that the turned off. the
the properly grounded the The the or Quality which as the Although the with single-sheet single-sheet the turned off. the release back to the single-sheet the Testing the
Testing the While holding the LINE FEED or FORM FEED Quality the The and POWER and PAPER OUT lights the that to the the
the right to match the of Next, of the it WARNING: the that than inches sideways) to the head from directly the Press the LOAD/EJECT to the the Testing the
Testing the Press the ON LINE to the of DIP switch first, followed of characters. The the or the ON LINE If the satisfactory and to the the ON LINE If the satisfactory, Checking the this chapter and To the the ON LINE once the
If the loaded, the LOAD/EJECT or LINE FEED to Then off the WARNING: turning the off, least seconds turning back Turning the and off the the Testing the
Testing the of typical SW1-1 Country USA off off U.K. off off off off off off off Spain off off off Font SW1-4 off off off off SW1-6 o '(I*+,- using the optional sheet the first of the slightly the section Chapter the ./012345678?:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNO <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMN <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQ <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRS :;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRST <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTU <=>,?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUV Tear off LF Graphics
of typical Quality Quality Country USA U.K. Font (I*+,-. SW1-1 off off o off off off off off off off off off off SW1-4 off off off off :;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMN( ;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOE <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPC ;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPBE <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQR: the Testing the Tear off LF Graphics/ L..,AT\nmY
Testing the If the Not Work If the properly, the and the head If off the Then the the and that and from the the Removing the Protective section this chapter information the locking You Chapter further information. The sounds nothing printed. The when the ON LINE button. the The properly. Turn off the the and then the turning the ribbon-tightening the the head and The worn. the Turn off the and the the FORM FEED or LINE FEED the turning the Turn off the and the from the the If the the correctly, the where purchased or the toll-free
Connecting the to If the correctly, ready to the to If interface and shielded should to immediately. The below to the If another type of interface, to optional interface board. the Interface section Chapter If which type of interface The Interface the interface as below: that both and off. the
Connecting the to the securely the the together they of the the
If ground wire, to the ground screw beneath the interface the other of the the If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the Connecting the to the
Application Software that and tested the should that with the type of that the of the features. of these or that of to choose from. If selection the instructions below. Choosing From the family of commands, the ActionPrinter its selection If the ActionPrinter listed, choose of the following They of preference. LQ-1010 LQ-1050 LQ-2550 LQ-2500 LQ-1000 LQ-1500 If of these listed, the first the following LX LQ EX RX FX MX To of the of the however, to with the ActionPrinter or LQ its If the ActionPrinter or LQ the software to the
Chapter Selecting Loading Positioning Continuous Loading Switching and Switching to Switching to Continuous The Thickness
Selecting The release the three with the of feeding. the release to match the feeding The three icons, as below. Single-sheet sheets from the or from the optional the should the back to the single-sheet tractor with the built-in tractor, the should the which the with the optional tractor, the should the to the tractor when the built-in tractor with the tractor, the to this Select this the optional tractor.
sheets with of inches or to inches or If of it to the optional This option and to Loading the release back to the single-sheet
Turn the (The POWER light should the turning the the that to the (You to this the of
the right to match the of Then the the Press the LOAD/EJECT once to the automatically. CAUTION: the the while the turned If the without firmly. Then the LOAD/EJECT
Press the ON LINE to the the ON LINE light the from You ready to of than single-sheet the when it reaches the of the this the ON LINE light off or software. If the ON LINE light the first thing should the ON LINE to the off Once the ON LINE light off, the that necessary, the LOAD/EJECT to the and Press the ON LINE to the and follow from software. that the or software matches the of that
Continuous The tractor built easy to and Its low-profile and to inches or Positioning Continuous smooth and trouble-free feeding the of supply. Three of positioning and supply shown below.
Continuous to the with the the that the smoothly the Loading that the off, then the
the release to the which the This the shown the below. Release the the as shown below. Continuous
Continuous the about inch from the farthest and the back to the right that roughly matches the of
the the both covers. Continuous
the first three the the of both CAUTION: that clean, straight the the covers.
the right to where the straight and Then the as shown below. Then the to the of the as shown. Continuous
Turn the It there the Then the LOAD/EJECT to feed to the Press the ON LINE to the that
The the and each to the If to the the the section the Chapter CAUTION: the the and the while the turned to the and perforation and these necessary. the sections and perforation Chapter
Switching Continuous and with the the allows to easily switch to single-sheet without the from the tractor. Switching to To switch from to follow the below. If the the ON LINE to the off
Tear off outgoing sheets. If advanced the head, to the FORM FEED to to where easily CAUTION: tear off the LOAD/EJECT This than inches or Switching Continuous and
Switching Continuous and Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the of the and the The attached to the tractor the path. CAUTION: Pressing the LOAD/EJECT once feed the back enough to reach the If the PAPER OUT light to the LOAD/EJECT With normal-width the LOAD/EJECT to three If, however, and inches or and should only the LOAD/EJECT once. Also, this to WARNING: through the easily off the and the
the release back to the single-sheet This the shown the below. the upright and the to roughly match the of Switching Continuous and
Switching Continuous and of the the the to exactly match the of Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the single-sheet to the Then, the ON LINE to the
Switching to It easy to switch back to with switching to that the and the off the they with feeding. the the Switching Continuous and
Switching Continuous and the release to the tractor) feeding. Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the to the
Press the ON LINE to the that Switching and
to and of types, including and of to the thickness I!!7 The Thickness To thicknesses of with thickness that to These the to the the chart WARNING: or that the within the and should than one-half inch from of the information the
To the thickness follow these that the turned off. Then the cover. WARNING: If the the head Allow to cool touching Select the thickness to the the following the should to the To the of the thickness the MULTI-PART light the the to or higher.
sheets or Thin when the characters too light. the to when using thin the head. Also, the to or higher, the reduced slightly.
the cover as shown below. I!!!!!? WARNING: the to when back to ordinary with the higher than shorten the of the head. that the of or thicker-than-normal the head. With the built-in You that to three including the the thickness to the the
the thickness the as the section this chapter. the sections the and Chapter If to mounted with with tractor. to as sheets sheet CAUTION: should with the single-sheet feeding or the optional
You the that that the thickness the section earlier this chapter. the thickness the WARNING: feed through the easily off the and the Therefore, the LOAD/EJECT to Also, the tear-off function with to DIP switch to off If become the the toll-free Since to and humidity, them operating Dont the they around the and when
You feed the single-sheet the of the thickness to the manually feeding to slightly while the LOAD/EJECT to to feed properly CAUTION: The shown the The head the or right of the or other thick that the within this
CAUTION: Envelope (41F to 95F or 5C to 35C). To that the fits within the using of or or or
Chapter the the the DIP Switches DIP Switch The DIP Switch The DIP Switch Functions Perforation the Loading The Loading Short Tear-off the Tear-off Selecting Character Selecting International Character Choosing Character Table the the
the The lights the of the The buttons and functions of the Lights MULTI-PART DRAFT FORM FEED ROMAN SANS SERIF LINE SLOT FEED CONDENSED the POWER OREADY- PAPER OUT- LOAD On when the thickness to or higher. this light the -----I function used. POWER On when the POWER switch and supplied. READY On when the ready to input -PAPER OUT (red) On when the of or when the ON LINE On when the and ready to
OFOWER READY PAPER OUT This the and off Press this to the or to off the the ON LINE light and the and from the FORM FEED the off this to of or to to the top of the the off this to the or to the continuously. LNE C This to feed to the or to that already loaded. the release to the single-sheet and of the path) the release to the the the
the SelecType CONDENSEI the OFOWER OREADY PAPER OUT LOAD EJECT This to LQ ROMAN, LQ SANS SERIF, DRAFT or The lights the selected Selecting this chapter. -CONDENSED This to the and off. The light when the the the characters of their
Other The of to Both and Quality function built the The the DIP switch and operating of the You the holding the LINE FEED or the FORM FEED while turning the the section the Chapter information. the FORM FEED immediately or when tear-off, to the and tear-off These while the MULTI-PART light the sections the and the tear-off function this chapter. both the LINE FEED and FORM FEED buttons while switch the turn the This allows advanced users to the of the and the section the information. the the
the DIP Switches of DIP switches located cover the the of these switches, features, such as the character and length. The become effective when the turned or initialized. DIP switch shown the DIP switch of the DIP switch DIP Switch To DIP switch first off the Then the DIP switch cover and pointed such as to the DIP switch DIP switch when and off when The DIP switch when the turned the
The DIP Switch The below the each DIP switch. The the or factory DIP switch International character DIP switch SW Tear-off -inch perforation feed of characters** Character of characters. and ESC U0 input, characters bi-directionally inches inches On Unidirectional the DIP Switches ON OFF On On off KB KB* the
the DIP Switches International character Table Font selection Font SW1-4 SW1-5 OFF OFF OFF ON OFF ON ON ON Character characters inch. the
The DIP Switch Functions feed (DIP switch each (CR) feed (LF). The input from If to free other while the the of switch to KB characters, however, to the input to KB (off). Tear-off DIP switch the tear-off This to the tear-off and then the to the the section using tear-off this chapter. CAUTION: the tear-off with of characters characters normally unidirectionally. If DIP switch and ESC U0 input, characters bi-directionally. the DIP Switches the
the of DIP switch off, the to inches, or it the inches, or to the to match the Other using the commands ESC C and ESC C the Command Summary Chapter Q1 DIP SW2-1 O1 OFF 11-inch O! Q1 If the built-in tractor, inches as the the the the LOAD/EJECT once to the 8.5-inch length. The four to that the 8.5inch selected. If the LOAD/EJECT the three and to the selected DIP switch the DIP SW2-1 12-inch
Perforation the of DIP switch perforation to or off. If this when one-inch the and the first the This top and If correctly, of the the of and the top of the as shown the following DIP switch ON perforation ON) of top and perforation these The perforation to other than inch using the ESC command. the Command Summary Chapter ;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZI\) <=>?@?ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\I^_T( the
the Loading The Loading The the of the when the This where the the If the too high or too the the the the section. the the this turned off, and as reference feeding The the 1/180-inch to to the Once to the of the that turned off. to the of single-sheet however, the this the turned off. the back the to its factory the CAUTION: the to of or other feeding (If to the the off.) If to the the
that the and that or ready to loaded. Press the LOAD/EJECT to to the Then the ON LINE the MULTI-PART light to You the FORM FEED and LINE FEED buttons while the MULTI-PART light I:::: MULTI PART the Loading the
the Loading Position Press the FORM FEED to feed the or the LINE FEED to feed the backward. the reaches the factory-set the and feeding You this factory as reference when the the reaches the or top the and the the
Short Tear-Off finished the tear-off the perforation of the to the tear-off of the cover that tear off the the to the This the normally To this DIP switch to and that the of the matches the DIP switch Then the CAUTION: To the of DIP switch, first off the the DIP switch and then the back You the tear-off turned (DIP switch when the release to the single-sheet the tear-off WARNING: tear-off with off their and the finished the perforation the top of the the perforation of the to the tear-off of the cover. You then tear off the the tear-off as shown the the
Short Tear-Of If the perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off as below. Short tear-off of completed and the advanced to the top of the tearing off the the to the the Tear-off If the perforation the tear-off the tear-off the the
the the to the tear-off the The MULTI-PART light should indicating that the to to the tear-off Short Tear-Off the
Short Tear-Off To to the tear-off the FORM FEED to the or the LINE FEED to backward. You tear off from the perforation and The this tear-off the turned off and the
Selecting You of selecting character and other from the SelecType or using software commands. This section only the features SelecType. To software commands, the Command Summary Chapter You the SelecType section of the to choose and lights which features chosen. both lights the selected optional installed). On SANS SERIF SLOT FONT CONDENSED DJ the
Selecting The the SelecType the turned off or other instructions from software. however, to These previous software commands these commands SelecType should the options instead of SelecType to If SelecType with software instructions selecting Character Fonts three built-in DRAFT ROMAN SANS SERIF the
The DRAFT character high-speed which rough and ROMAN and SANS SERIF Quality (LQ) Quality to characters Other optional You the to the of characters. the characters approximately of the of characters. Hence, spreadsheets and other where to the amount of information You the with and To the the CONDENSED that the light To off the the The following and with and The and the This CPI This CPI This CPI This CPI Selecting the
Selecting International Character International character with the characters and other You of international character the DIP switch Whenever the turned or initialized, the character selected the DIP switches becomes the character To international character DIP switches and to the below. This shows the characters that each international character Country U.S.A. U.K. the CAUTION: To the of DIP switch, first off the the DIP switch and then the back DIP SW ASCII ON ON ON ON ON OFF ON OFF ON ON OFF OFF OFF ON ON OFF ON OFF OFF OFF ON OFF OFF OFF
to the character shown the the international character that follow selected with software command: ESC R. information, the Command Summary Country Norway II II America 5B 5C 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E #$tis0Aiffsae0Bii Selecting International Character ASCII o the
Choosing Character DIP switch selects the character or the Graphics character The Graphics character international characters, characters, mathematic and character graphics corners, and areas. If IBM or the Graphics when to character graphics as they the Character Graphics, ordinary text and the of the ESC command the Command Summary, Chapter Graphics the selection. of the characters and the Graphics characters shown below. Italics Graphics the
To character DIP switch to the below. CAUTION: To the of DIP switch, first off the the DIP switch, and then the back showing which characters each of the character the Choosing Character the
the The that easy to the of the and The of the reaching the To the follow these that the with single-sheet or the
If the switch off, then the FORM FEED and LINE FEED buttons the the that the to or the to the as shown below. to the to the off o C o o On the of the the On the right of the characters printed, and others, such as the the
the To turn off the the off off the the characters the text field the right of the with the of which to the To the the first three the of the Each the T. the of the text field the right of the and the preceded The chart below the first Function Command 1B40 ESC 1B5200 ESC Select USA character Select Graphics 1B7401 ESC the
Chapter Software and Graphics Character Spacing Character Effects and Emphasis Selecting With Select Graphics The Head The Graphics Command Reservation Graphics Graphics Characters Characters Characters Information to Characters Copying ROM Characters to RAM Quality Characters and Mixing Software and Graphics
Enhancing You of with from the of characters inch to using selected and phrases. This section of the features with software. software of these features, the instructions or their commands the Command Summary Chapter Character Spacing To to three spacings, as as spacing. Each selected with software command. each of the three built-in choose character of or characters inch, or spacing. The below the three spacings: shown characters about two-thirds the height of and characters. This when to from the each character the amount of The of characters, however, from character to character. than W. The of each character the Software and Graphics This This This
The following with spacing: the Character to the spacings and spacing, offers three other that the of These double-high, and condensed. The the of character, while the double-high the height of character. These and headings amounts of These combined to o o This double-high, o o This This Software and Graphics Enhancing
Both and reduced to about of their using the This spreadsheets because allows to to characters 13.6-inch The selected with software command, or SelecType Chapter the with SelecType, turn off with software command. or the characters or the to the and the of characters to the character Effects and Emphasis The offers of text and allows to and These directly software commands. of these effects. Emphasized and Emphasized and and phrases each character as the head the with the the slightly to the right of the first This characters. Software and Graphics characters characters
the head each the text and combined. The following the effects these and You the ESC software command. This DIP switch strike-through, and The strike-through, and highlighting selected This to and without You choose from of including or the ESC Chapter information. This ROMAN, emphasized. This ROMAN, This ROMAN, with both. o o Software and Graphics
and and footnote and mathematical formulas. The below shows and combined mathematical and The and features and to that to such as headings. The following the and individually, of with Selecting With Select Select that allows to choose of these spacing, condensed, emphasized, and information to Chapter The of the Select shown below: ASCII: ESC 1B Software and Graphics
The that the or of To the of the following to the or the to title to characters the You would three together to the of o the of the Select command to the to the ASCII: ESC 1B Software and Graphics
Enhancing The and separately, SelecType or the ESC and ESC commands. There things to when the Select command: of the other that character and to the character to and Software and Graphics
Graphics The graphics allows to charts, or other software graphics, to and the this and the software instructions. The and to graphics to graphics With such then to the to the If software that graphics, to know about graphics to the software. The of the this On the other hand, to or to this graphics, Software and Graphics
Graphics The Head To graphics to know about head The head the head the the to fire. fires, the and the the head the fire numbers, and the each other both and vertically Quality to the Instead, the and to of the to vertically, the the head than the of the the of that the that of The head to graphics as as text graphic the about the that newspapers and printed. If closely Software and Graphics o o o
newspaper photograph, that of thousands of its with of as as inch and inch vertically. The this therefore, as finely as the the of this section. Twenty-four-pin graphics The graphics that of this head graphics. This this with of them, to inch horizontally. the head the every of inch instructions about which of its to fire. At each fire of from to This that the of information each Since the of information with the three of information each To the which to fire each first each of the three sections of each and each section separately. Since there of the each section, that allows to to which of the This shown below Software and Graphics Graphics
Graphics To fire its to the To fire than the the of the and the these the fire the top To fire the If to fire only the top and and and the together, fire of Below three of to the that fire of With this of the to and and duplicated. Since there each each of the three sections each this of and graphics inch, of graphics inch numbers. Fortunately, graphics software to these these graphics however, to know the of the graphics command. Software and Graphics
The Graphics Command The graphics from the other commands the of the other such as and ESC the and another off. graphics, the the that graphics the this the that follow as and them the command that allows to of the graphics The of the this command, selects the graphics option and and the of to graphics. The graphics options below: this ESC Software and Graphics Graphics
Graphics Reservation The graphics than to to thousands of the than Therefore the graphics numbers, and To and the of The the Since the numbers, supply only than the of and to of graphics should and should The the of specified and as graphics what they This that to supply enough of graphics or the and and to locked. If, the other hand, supply too graphics the and as Graphics This first to the graphics command, reservation numbers, and BASIC Software and Graphics
and the following to include both The the below: WIDTH "LPT1:",255 LPRINT CHR$(27)"*"CHR$(32)CHR$(40)CHR$(0); FOR X=1 TO LPRINT CHR$(170); NEXT selects graphics and graphics. Since graphics three of each to supply of the which the first shown the section and the Graphics With what know the of graphics-calculating the to the graphic While this the tedious, graphics. It graphic that Software and Graphics Graphics
Graphics The below shows to where to printed. This of graphics each of graphics approximately of inch high and graphics inch this about of inch high and than of inch The that the the of of that each other both vertically and The reason the each that using of the the they each other. Therefore, that each the of and the actually the assigned of the to then the each of These the that to the as graphics to the Software and Graphics
the three sections to the At the of each section of each the of the that section. This the of to this Software and Graphics Graphics
Graphics the BASIC that the shown the that the through the that the of each section the The WIDTH IBM PC BASIC; the WIDTH WIDTH "LPT1:",255 LPRINT CHR$(27)"*"CHR$(39)CHR$(42)CHR$(0); FOR To READ LPRINT CHR$(N); NEXT LPRINT DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA this assigns the graphics option triple-density) with the of through of bytes) each through the that below: Software and Graphics
Notice that the This using the graphics option the the inch) both and the following to the the to as shown below: FOR C-1 TO 10:RESTORE NEXT C Software and Graphics Graphics
Characters With this to and characters of You or typeface, characters as mathematical or or graphic with characters to as building of typefaces created with the character function. To characters, DIP switch You the of characters software that creating characters or with of characters already created. Also, software of the character function to (These characters characters The ASCII characters the Memory (ROM) or optional and the characters the Memory (RAM). Characters characters graphics the instructions where each printed. fact, character graphics Software and Graphics
To character that high-one each the head. The of the character the character characters, the Quality and characters The both Quality and characters closely together than those characters. The below the The the the top of The the those with (the of such as and The The the right Quality or characters. Quality the Software and Graphics Characters
Characters There characters. the This that there both to the and right of each that This Quality, and Characters The first characters to the as them to The shown the the graphics section, to each the below, with character the created to the to Every assigned (which of first three of of which consists of Hence, Software and Graphics
The within each of and the of the that the (with of the top of the and the least (with of the The shows to this to the the character this On the of the the the The of each the of the which appear. The right of the shows the whole character with the three each indicated the This because the written BASIC and everyone with The to however, the or that with Software and Graphics Characters
Characters You to character and the to The character this information to Information to The characters the Quality, or that the currently It records whether or turned This that to character the turned when the character. The to characters of the its The of the command this: The ESC enough. The (which ASCII the character allows At this ASCII You characters with command. The and the ASCII of the first and characters If character, and the You and and to which the Also, instead of ASCII and characters memory, DIP switch to KB (off) downloading these characters. Software and Graphics ESC
to and instance, to the characters through Z, would (or ASCII and would (or ASCII the command ESC AZ the would the of Following the of the of characters to this three bytes, and that the of the character and the around The specified and the right specified The the of of that to the character. the of the character and the around proportional-width characters that The below shows the these bytes. Quality Quality The of the to characters the that the each character. Since three to the of to follow Software and Graphics Characters
Characters This of character should this clear: the ESC command selects The character The and the of characters this of and The information about the character (which the DATA the of the to the the and Quality or characters, WIDTH to and feed from with Software and Graphics LPRINT LPRINT CHR$(27)"&"CHR$(0); LPRINT LPRINT CHR$(1)CHR$(9)CHR$(1); FOR I=1 TO READ A: LPRINT CHR$(A); NEXT LPRINT LPRINT CHR$(27)"%"CHR$(1); LPHINT LPRINT CHR$(27)"%"CHR$(0); LPRINT END DATA DATA DATA
Characters If the previous arrow and the RAM location ASCII the You three-line of The first and third and the The the arrow that the to the below: both of characters (the from the characters ROM that the normally and the character the The command to switch the and It If to the ROM character selected (this the If to the character selected. If the character characters, the and the ROM characters You switch character the of To this, the of and the ESC Software and Graphics Characters
Characters Copying ROM Characters to RAM the the character and to other characters, the that arrow. other characters the RAM, there nothing to Other characters to the as as they to of the characters to needs-the of the as to switch back and forth, the character and character It however, rather Therefore, that allows to of the characters from ROM to the character The as follows, where the of the family: This characters already created. You this to the characters. If this the of then characters and the with the as character You to switch back and forth Software and Graphics C
Quality Characters If Quality with the ESC command, characters using to of the Quality/Proportional The spaced together than (the of inch as to of inch characters). characters Selecting the character characters of the highest Characters of the Quality/Proportional that Quality and as There both to the and right of each that and You and characters. as Quality characters when the Quality selected, and characters created when or selected. These characters as or The characters exactly the their The these characters and characters that and characters They of high. Their width shown the below: Quality Software and Graphics Characters
Characters Since and characters when them only of each of these characters shown the below: Mixing Each of the three character Quality, and with of instance, with characters. The characters to this Mixing the three of character and characters, then and the first character type of character RAM Software and Graphics Quality and
If characters then switch to another and the character the and nothing printed. The character however, unaffected. If switch back to the which they then and them. that characters RAM, which memory. the turned off or the with the INIT the characters this each BASIC loaded.) Software and Graphics Characters
the The Testing the the Single-sheet Insertion the the The Tractor the Tractor The Selecting Font The Interface Boards Choosing Interface Compatible Interfaces New Interface the
The The optional (C806241) it to single-sheet easily and efficiently. to of the without reloading. the following the instructions its accompanying that the turned off. Then the release the to the rear. the
the and cover. the clear of the cover with the clear included with the the The
The Sheet the slightly to the notches the of the the the the back top of the the
the cover as shown the below. Turn the DIP switch to Turn the the The
The that the turned with DIP switch and that the the the the and to allow the
the to where the fin the with the arrow the the right that roughly matches the of the The
The of and as shown. This the from sticking and that the and of the to the typewriter If to with or textured using to or the the
the of the with the of the Then the right the firmly, tightly that the to the and freely. the The
The the back they and the the Testing the the Sheet the the counts the of the shown the following the of counted the of the first This the This however, software commands. the the as when the off. The below I!!!!!? the WARNING: the using inch
that the turned off and of the that the selected and the release to the rear. While holding the LINE FEED the LQ the FORM FEED instead of the LINE FEED the The
The of the of the first shown below. The of the to the Chapter The the or the ON LINE To the the ON LINE To the the ON LINE once the This the first This XX.
To the when loaded, the LOAD/EJECT to the Then off the Single-sheet Insertion single-sheet This allows to switch to type or of only) without the of Press the ON LINE to the off the The Sheet
The the to with the the then the the the
Press the LOAD/EJECT to the the the the turned and that the ON LINE light the sheet of whenever character or to the the and from the the first automatically. sheets as necessary. the the PAPER OUT light while of the the specified empty, the off the PAPER OUT light and the sounds. To and the ON LINE the The
The If off the the or the operation To the manually from the when the the first that the off LINE FEED there the this to the or to feed the continuously. FORM FEED there the this to the there the this to the LOAD/EJECT there the this to the there the this to the Software The following commands the to the the without the FF: Ejects the ESC EM R: The ESC EM software to the of the information about this command, the Command Summary Chapter the
If the reaches the of the when of the following commands used, the the and the loaded. LF: Feed; the VT: the to the ESC J: feed; the of inch Software effective while the off that the to the using software commands. Removing the Turn off the and the and the The
The Sheet the cover. the
the back. Release its notches from the and then and the DIP switch to off (to off the the The
The the clear of the cover with the clear that originally. the and cover. of the completed. to the its and the
The Tractor The optional tractor (C800141) The tractor with and the with the built-in as this section. Turn off the and the cover and the the
The Tractor the notches the tractor the mounting the the tractor the front the front mounting the front latches to they seated. the
the release the to the tractor Turn off the Then the first three of the the built-in tractor as the Continuous section Chapter the The Tractor
The Tractor turn the Press the LOAD/EJECT to the then the FORM FEED This the that the the tractor. the FORM FEED to of the buttons the CAUTION: the while the turned To the the the covers of the tractor. the
the to release them. the to match the of the then the that they spaced the the The Tractor
The Tractor the the the the If the exactly the tractor or the the and the the fits properly. the covers. the
that the crooked or and the the the The Tractor
The Tractor the the the clear of the cover with the clear included with the tractor. the
the tractor as shown below. Press the ON LINE to the the The Tractor
The Tractor Although the tractor with the built-in as the Instead of the the of the tractor, through the as would with single-sheet the Tractor to tear off the and the tractor cover and Then the the CAUTION: the tear-off with the tractor. with the tractor, the DIP switch to off.
Press the ON LINE to the off Then, the LOAD/EJECT the of the to the The PAPER OUT light when the completely of the path. the release the back (as shown) or to the the The Tractor
The Tractor both of the tractor and the back. the as shown below. the
the clear of the with the clear that originally. the and cover. the The Tractor
The The optional easy to to the its of the following as when the turned and of the others optionally to the These of the character of the back of What the back of What the the CAUTION: the when the turned
OCR-B LMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ'CQ~ back of What the OCR-A back of What the gross? What-drthe o the The pticexhedde
The ~~~ZEUE VE JUST SEEN YOUR EXCELLENT AD FOR MINIATURE ZEBRAS IN RECENT BACK ISSUE OF RADER IMES HAT IS THE PRICE SCHEDULE FOR QUANTITIES OVER ONE GROSS? Orator-S back of What the the /(UZ$456789 QUEAAAACEE~??~A AQ RAOOOUUYOU$H~~AIO ..@I MooouuyOU$EYPtfaio JK
Turn off the the family and the switch to the of choice. the with the switch the top and the the switch to the The
The Turn the then the SLOT the FONT switch the operating both lights Selecting Font This shows the family and characters inch of the the the WARNING: off the or the otherwise seriously the or the SANS SERIF FONT
There to from the With the turned off: the from its the right of the the switch to the of choice the to the the turned the selected becomes the the selected with the DIP switch or the FONT the software command, ESC to the to the family the Command Summary Chapter include of the characters shown the effective when this and used. the The
The Interface Boards of optional interfaces with interface or to increase the memory of Choosing Interface Optional interfaces three which below. IEEE-488 interfaces offer trouble-free operation, and the to computers, and other the that they freely. The interfaces offer trouble-free operation and They the with memory to free the other when amounts of text or graphics. You increase the KB (about interfaces with interface or interface that conforms to the instead of RS-232C. These interfaces of the following features: X-ON/X-OFF and that increase the buffering capacity. the
Compatible Interfaces The following of interfaces that with Interface New Interface interface IEEE-488 interface KB interface interfaces the them. If the with and should to of the the Also, Coax and interfaces from third These interfaces allow to and and of IBM The Coax from Corporation and the (I-O8300) from I-O Corporation Turn off Then the and the interface the The Interface Boards
The Interface Boards the the screw the interface board cover. the WARNING: High the when the to the the turned off and the Also, to the of the of the the electricity the of DIP switches the board.
off the cover. the screw CG from the board. the The Interface Boards
The Interface Boards the There interface board with the FG attached and with the FG attached. This the the boards the the of the interface to which type of interface FG attached FG attached to the
FG the CG screw to the round of the FG ground) to the board and the other as shown. the the optional interface the the board; then the board with the screws provided. the The Interface Boards
The Interface Boards the of the FG the FG located top of the interface board. the DIP switches the interface to the accompanying FG attached the interface board to the as shown below. the CG screw to the round of the FG ground) to the board. the
the interface board and to the board. that the properly the the with the screws the The Interface Boards
The Interface Boards interface boards New Interface board, the DIP switches the interface to the accompanying If the Attaching the interface board cover back the the interface cover as shown below. the interface board, the plate to the The to to the
the cover. CAUTION: optional interface board to the from the built-in New Interface If using optional interface, to the of the or the that they properly. should the information optional interface or to match the with the interface. If using the optional interface board, that through the section below selection. You to the following sections and interface information to other such as or the information the with optional interface. the The Interface Boards
The Interface Boards selection You rates from to BPS Second). the the selection with the interface information the input the section DIP switch Chapter of this the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) indicating that detected, other including and the
Cleaning the the Ribbon Transporting the
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly Follow the below: that the turned off. Then the or the
and If the or or with cloth with the cover to from the Cleaning the
Cleaning the WARNINGS: or thinners to clean the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the the toll-free think
the Ribbon the when the becomes too The or recommended ribbons that the turned off. Then the cover.
the Ribbon the To the the and the straight and of the WARNING: If the used, the head it cool to the ribbon.
the head to the of the To the ribbon, the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow. the
the Ribbon the the the as shown below. Press lightly both of the to the properly
pointed such as to the the head and while the ribbon-tightening to the to the ribbon. the head from to to smoothly. that the twisted or creased. the Ribbon
the Ribbon the the the cover the and then the cover back
Transporting the the and to the following instructions. the turned off. Then options, as as the and cover. the from the the and then the interface from the and the the off the
the the the locking as shown below. WARNING: You the locking when the
the locking securely the Transporting the
Transporting the the cover, then the and the its
Chapter Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting
and This chapter while operating and their If the first the the below and then the the supply supplied. The The or the characters or graphics. Printed characters what expected. The what expected. properly. Continuous properly. Switching sheets and properly. The tear-off function properly. Troubleshooting
the the properly. the with the tractor, properly. the the optional interface, the properly. and Troubleshooting
supplied. The POWER light The or properly the Turn off the that the properly to the and the back Troubleshooting The switch off. Turn the switch. to the another the outlet to whether the operating properly. If the outlet switch, outlet that switch.
The The ON LINE light nothing printed. LINE light The ON off. The PAPER OUT light The software properly the and the The interface both of the the and the the using the You the interface the and the specifications. The off and Press the ON LINE The ON LINE light should Chapter The of the The too to the right, that the the to the The PAPER OUT light should off. Troubleshooting
The The sounds nothing printed. The the sounds and the abruptly. The ON LINE light the or abruptly. The or Printed characters the as shown ABCD Troubleshooting The properly. Turn off the the and the ribbon. The worn. the This operation. Turn off the or other then the back If the correctly, the where purchased or the toll-free The head overheated. the when the head The properly. the and the securely the Chapter
The or The the characters or graphics. of the The the head and should replaced. Chapter The thickness correctly the the thickness to match the thickness of Chapter The head Stop and the toll-free information where to the repaired. There too the or the and caught something. Stop off the and the Chapter Troubleshooting
Printed characters what expected. The or characters that the software printed. The or selected software, the characters characters instead of the selected graphic characters. Troubleshooting The software correctly the (or to the and as The selected. If the to the below to the built-in ESC ESC ESC The character selected. If of the Graphics character ESC You the graphics character DIP switch To this, turn off the DIP switch to then the Chapter
Printed characters what expected Graphic characters or instead of the selected characters. The international characters printed. The character selected. If of the character ESC You the character DIP switch To this, off the DIP switch to off; then turn the Chapter The international character selected. If of the international character using ESC the of ESC You the international character DIP switch To this, off the and DIP switches and to the the character Chapter Troubleshooting
Printed characters what expected The characters than expected. The selected SelecType printed. Characters ESC and ESC Troubleshooting The to the CONDENSED light the If the CONDENSED to the Also, of the the DC2 to the Chapter The software properly the (or to the and as software SelecType If allows to the software the SelecType these the SelecType, to character selected. characters, that DIP switch to off.
The what expected. too high or too the One of incorrect. The incorrect. to the Chapter If the the top software and feed Turn off DIP switch The correct. to the BASIC, of the following WIDTH LPRINT GDTH LPT1 If the properly, the right to the ESC Q. Chapter too tight or too to specify ESC ESC ESC or ESC A. Chapter Troubleshooting
The what expected match the of the the perforation the perforation the of the Troubleshooting Check the software and necessary, or the with DIP switch If using the the function the of that this to the Chapter One-inch perforation DIP switch to off, or to perforation. Chapter The of the too high or too the to the that the perforation within the the top and If this the off perforation DIP switch to off. The incorrectly. DIP switch to or inches. Chapter
the to from the the and ASCII characters. If the the If the properly, the right, and the the the software, or the If the the where purchased or the toll-free Troubleshooting
The following section through and If using the optional or tractor, the section options this chapter. properly. The LOAD/EJECT pressed, the and Troubleshooting You trying to of the buttons while the (ON LINE light Press the ON LINE once to the off then the feeding the the ON LINE to the Chapter The too to the right that the the to the The PAPER OUT light should off.
properly (continued). The LOAD/EJECT and the rotated, the LOAD/EJECT button pressed, the The release the release back to the single-sheet The and right too together, the from feeding smoothly. the of the that the and freely. Chapter The feeding thicker than lightly the while pressing the LOAD/EJECT The turned (DIP switch the DIP switch should off. Chapter The too the to the of the The of the the specified that within the specified with this single-sheet feeding Chapter Troubleshooting
sheets feed properly the LOAD/EJECT pressed, the through and then of the The feed crooked. The Troubleshooting The the the turned that the the The attached, or the sheets, the its upright The You trying to the using the FORM FEED button. the LOAD/EJECT to the The If the incorrectly software, the software
Continuous feed properly. the LOAD/EJECT pressed, the and feed. the LOAD/EJECT pressed, the rotates feed. You trying to the while the (ON LINE light Press the ON LINE once to the off then feeding feeding the ON LINE to the Chapter The release back to the single-sheet the tractor, the release pulled to the already the path. this the to the Press the LOAD/EJECT to the Troubleshooting
Continuous properly The crooked or the Troubleshooting The supply or other that the smoothly the Chapter supply of too from the supply within of the Chapter The caught the using that the lowered to the and that the as as The the of the with each other. Reposition the the Chapter The incorrectly the the right to the of the The of from feeding straight. Chapter
Continuous properly The crooked or the the perforation function. The or the covers the to match the of Then, them the from Chapter The the upright using that the the lowered that as Chapter The thickness the ordinary the to The the specified that within the specified consisting of and or Chapter perforation with DIP switch to off. You turned off the DIP switch to To DIP switch effective, the off, then Troubleshooting
Continuous properly perforation the perforation the of the The of the slightly while the The tear-off function selected (DIP switch Troubleshooting The of incorrectly. the of DIP switch The of the too high or too the to the The trying to feed too heavy the built-in tractor. highly necessary, such as when the optional tractor. The tear-off function selected. the to its If this function, DIP switch to off. Chapter You turned off the the DIP switch. To DIP switch effective, the off, then There the The tear-off function the the completely and the the top of the
Continuous properly The tear-off function selected (DIP switch The LOAD/EJECT to the the feed and or Switching sheets and properly. the LOAD/EJECT to the and the loaded. feed to the At the of or the feed (FF). If BASIC, to the FF to from to the You to back feed too ejecting the tear off the Chapter You trying to when they backward, the FORM FEED and to them. the release to the the then the LOAD/EJECT Troubleshooting
Switching and properly The release correctly when the LOAD/EJECT pressed, the rotates and the of the the LOAD/EJECT to from the the rotates the and the off the Troubleshooting the causing the to back and to off the using to the The release the the back to the single-sheet
Switching and properly with the release correctly to the single-sheet the and together and The tear-off function properly. One completely printed, the feed, the of The enough to reach the the of the release the and Also, that the PAPER OUT light the of the release to that the completely ejected. there than to to the LOAD/EJECT least DIP switch tear-off to off. DIP switch to to turn the tear-off One of to the the feed (FF) to the or enough (LF) to the of the Troubleshooting
the the properly. The LOAD/EJECT pressed, the and the feed. from the the and the feed. Troubleshooting You the LOAD/EJECT while the the off feeding the when the from the while the The off Press the ON LINE to the The off. DIP switch to If allows to ESC EM to the The ready with to this command. the command with and with the the
the the properly command from the the rotates, feed. The PAPER OUT light DIP switch to off. DIP switch to to the sheet and The sheet incorrectly the and the that the mounting notches properly mated with the the Chapter The of the The release the single-sheet the back to the single-sheet Chapter The pulled of the the backward. Chapter The and right too together, smooth feed. the of the that the and freely. Troubleshooting
the the properly from the the rotates, feed. The PAPER OUT light or the Troubleshooting the head. the (temporarily the necessary). You too sheets the sheet the sheets. The of sheets. There only the The the feed, You too sheets the sheet the The of sheets. You to the of the the and Then the of the Chapter
the the properly (continued). The crooked. You to manually instead from the The or creased. and sheets of The and right too the to the of the There too outgoing than of outgoing while The of too heavy or too light the to the specifications and that the and The the and Chapter from the to sheets. To sheets, the Troubleshooting
the the properly One of to the tractor with the tractor, feed properly. The FORM FEED or LINE FEED pressed, the Troubleshooting The sheet The the and the length. Chapter You to the top or or The the buttons to the off (ON LINE light
the with the tractor, properly crooked Something the feed, top of the or the or the that nothing the smooth of and the that straight with the The of too from the the supply that than three feet or The caught the that the backwards the and that the to each of the The and correctly. both tractors, that the both evenly. Troubleshooting
the tractor with the tractor, properly feed crooked or the (continued). Several of the perforation perforation the shifted from the perforation, or the perforation the of the Troubleshooting The the of the to the of the pressing and rotating the the right. the The thickness correctly the thickness to match the thickness of The the specifications. that the and thickness. perforation DIP switch to off. You the DIP switches with the To DIP switch effective, the off, then The of the too high or too the to the
the tractor with the tractor, properly (continued). perforation the shifted from the perforation, or the perforation the of the the the abruptly, and as the and off the the LOAD/EJECT to the the off the tractor The of the incorrectly. DIP switch or to the length. The tear-off function selected. The tear-off function with the tractor, to DIP switch to off. the release the the backward to the tractor, the FORM FEED to feed the to Troubleshooting
the the The the the optional interface, the properly. The or the what expected. Troubleshooting The the and the properly necessary. The the the the and the and properly. The the correctly selected. Select the the FONT the If allows to ESC to the The interface board or properly connected. that the interface correctly the the board.
optional interface, the properly The or the what expected You trying to interface with the the specifications to that the interface with this You trying to with the specification. that the matches the of the interface. The DIP switches or the interface the interface the The interface the the The and interface match. Match the each the only attached Troubleshooting
If the properly the of the interface to that there on-board If abnormality found, the free Troubleshooting
Technical Specifications Specifications Mechanical Interface Specifications Assignments the Interface Interface Enabled/Disabled and Conditions Option Specifications Technical Specifications
Specifications Bidirectional logic-seeking text Unidirectional graphics. spacing: inch or of of inch inches feed) Printable KB/1KB (DIP switch Technical Specifications inches
Optional LQ LQ LQ LQ OCR-B LQ OCR-A LQ LQ Orator-S Character Font (Characters inch) Characters: ASCII character (including characters) international character (including length: Graphics character Continuous Envelope only) to inches to to inches to or inches or inches to inches to Technical Specifications Specifications
Specifications Printable inches or inches Continuous Technical Specifications or -F inches or inches inches or (both when the to inch to used. inches or (both when the to inch to used. Printable inches or
Envelope the with its thickness: Envelope +It or inches or Sheet to to to sheets to Envelope to inches to to inches to to inches to inches Envelope (with Technical Specifications Specifications inches
Specifications Copy capacity: to including the thickness inches and the of and Mechanical feeding Friction tractor (optional) (optional) Ribbon: Cartridge ribbon, characters of ribbon: Quality characters, dots/character) MCBF: head: MTBF: hours head life: and and inches inches Width: inches Depth: Technical Specifications characters Quality characters, dots/character)
Insulation Can withstand AC and or chassis): Operation: 40F to 95F (5C to 35C) -22F to 140F (-30C to 60C) Humidity: VAC AC and chassis Operation: to to (noncondensing) Operation: to within to within Operation: to to to to than (without (with Technical Specifications Specifications
Interface Specifications with interface. specifications optional interfaces, to their Assignments the Interface Connector assignments and of their respective interface shown the following DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA ACKNLG Technical Specifications STROBE BUSY OUT PE OUT Direction IN STROBE to than microseconds the IN IN IN IN IN IN IN IN These information of the to of respectively. Each HIGH when and LOW when About LOW that and that the ready to OUT HIGH that the The HIGH the following off HIGH that the of
NC GND ERROR OUT GND OUT IN The DC1/DC3 when this SLCT IN HIGH. fixing with J10. The of this factory-set to LOW.) SLCT AUTO FEED XT CHASSIS GND NC GND INIT IN NC Direction OUT to through IN this LOW, the (The to this DIP switch to Not used. ground chassis ground, which isolated from the ground. Not used. Twisted-pair ground this becomes LOW, the to its and the cleared. This normally HIGH; its than the This becomes LOW when the off as Not used. to 5V through Technical Specifications Interface Specifications
Interface Specifications The heading Direction to the of flow as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the These should shielded and connected to the chassis of the and the interface based TTL Both the and the of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW. Interface The below shows the the interface. Technical Specifications
Enabled/Disabled and Conditions The below shows the relationship or the line/off and the of the on/off characters, DC1 or DC3. off High/Low DC1/DC3 High Not *While character and acknowledged that the another DC1 character, which would allow to Technical Specifications Interface Specifications
Option Specifications (Optional) and (W) (D) (H) (W) (D) (H)) (mounted the capacity: capacity: to sheets of to sheets of to of MCBF: Operation: Technical Specifications to of to of to of thickness should inches or Humidity Operation: to (noncondensing) to and to to 40F to 95F(5C to 35C) to and 59F to 95F(15C to 25C) -22F to 140F (-30C to 60C)
inches assured within from the top or of the 65F to 70F (18C to 22C) to inches to to inches to Thickness to inches to to Printable inches or or inches or to Printable Technical Specifications Option Specifications inches or
There that the to the through the and through the software. These the following The below shows the that become when the initialized. Item to: Top of and right VFU Hardware: The DIP switch Font selection Software: The SelecType Hardware: The DIP switch Software: The SelecType Character Justification effects Graphic assignment ESCK ESC*0,ESCL ESC*1, ESCY ESC*2,ESCZ ESC*3 Technical Specifications The software the ESC 1/6-inch Cleared Every characters The DIP switch
Also, the cleared when the turning the or INIT cleared when the with the software (ESC Technical Specifications
Command Summary the Command Summary Chart Commands Commands Topic MSB Motion Motion and Character Word Processing Character Characters Graphics Command Summary
the Command Summary This chapter and the commands The first of this chapter commands and the of the where each If which the The Reference the of the of the commands topic, with references that to of the commands. The of this chapter and each separately; the commands the following and character MSB Word Character motion characters motion Graphics section and section. The section the ASCII, and the command. These three and should easy to the to The section the of the command and information necessary using the chart Command Summary
The type of consists of character to to the instance, to the C o 0F This from the directly. More commands of or character to the the following: ASCII ESC 1B this or (off), to or You of the following commands to from BASIC: LPRTNT CHR$(27);CHR$(87);CHR$(1) LPRINT CHR$(27);"W";CHR$(1) the following commands that or the the or and or the ASCII characters and used: ESC U, ESC ESC ESC W, ESC S, ESC-, and ESC BASIC with of these LPRINT CHR$(27);"p";CHR$(1) LPRINT CHR$(27);"p";"1" Command Summary the Command Summary
the Command Summary Chart The below the The that the the the the or that the and the to the that this and the other Hex. C 0A 0B 0C 0D Command Summary Hex. 0E 0F 1A 1B
Commands The following shows and ESC with their and and the where the of the found. Hex. ASCII BEL BS HT LF VT FF CR o SI DC1 DC2 DC3 DC4 C DEL ESC SO ESC SI OF ESC EM ESC SP ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F 7F 0E Backspace Vertically Select Double-wide Select Select Double-wide Character Select Double-wide Select Sheet Intercharacter Select MSB Select Characters Select Command Summary
Commands Hex. ASCII ESC 2A ESC 2B ESC 2D ESC 2F ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 3A ESC ESC 3C ESC 3D 3E ESC 3F ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC C C C ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 4A ESC 4B ESC ESC 4C ESC 4D Command Summary Select Graphics n/360-inch Spacing Turn On/Off Select Select 1/8-inch Spacing Select 1/6-inch Spacing n/180-inch Spacing Select Printable Characters Copy ROM to RAM Unidirectional MSB to MSB to Reassign Graphics n/60-inch Spacing Select Emphasized Emphasized Select n/180-inch Graphics Select Graphics CPI
ASCII Hex. ESC 4E 4F ESC ESC ESC ESC C ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 5A ESC 5C ESC ESC ESC 6B ESC ESC 6C ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Commands Perforation Perforation Select CPI Right Margin Select International Character Select Turn Unidirectional On/Off Turn Double-wide On/Off Select High-speed Graphics Select Graphics Relative Select Justification Select CPI Select Family Margin Turn On/Off Select Character Select Character Turn Double-high On/Off Select Quality or Command Summary
Commands Topic This following section and the commands topic. the Reference the back of this of commands topic. ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B the and clears the the command. Select DC1 Format ASCII the to the selected the (DC3). It the switched off the ON LINE Command Summary DC1
DC3 Format: ASCII DC3 the the the (DC1) received. The reselected with the ON LINE DEL Format: ASCII the text character the ESC Format: ASCII Text normally bidirectional. (Graphics This selects only. (It The head to the (home) and from to right. DEL 7F ESC 1B 3C Select Unidirectional Command Summary Commands Topic Character
Commands Topic ESC Turn Unidirectional On/Off Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following Turns the the off Text normally bidirectional. (Graphics This command the head to the from to right. this off and DIP switch characters bi-directionally. ESC EM Format: ESC EM ASCII 1B The following off R: Ejects loaded.) The should the It other than or The turned and off DIP switch Command Summary Sheet
MSB MSB the MSB (ESC ESC and ESC graphics or characters. ESC Format: ASCII the MSB of incoming to with the MSB to which that or character graphics printed. ESC this ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3E the MSB of incoming as ESC MSB Format: ASCII ESC 1B the MSB ESC or ESC ESC 1B 3D Command Summary Commands Topic MSB to MSB to
Commands Topic BEL Format: ASCII BEL Sounds the CR Format: ASCII CR Prints the the and the to the the AUTO FEED XT the interface LOW. CAN Format: ASCII Clears the Command Summary CAN
Motion FF Format: ASCII Prints the the and the to the top of the to the length. using FF the the ESC C Format: ASCII the to the The of from to The top of to the the DIP switch ESC C0 Format: ASCII ESC C 1B the to inches. The of from to The top of to the the DIP switch FF 0C ESC C 1B Command Summary Commands Topic
Commands Topic ESC Format: ASCII The the of the and the first to the with the (1/6-inch), and ESC and then This ESC O, ESC C, or ESC C The of from to the DIP switch perforation. ESC Format: ASCII the perforation ESC N. the DIP switch perforation. LF Format: ASCII LF this received, the the and the the spacing. Command Summary ESC 1B 4E C 1B 4F Perforation Perforation
ESC Select Spacing Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch commands. The the and ASCII ESC Format: ASCII the to of inch commands. The the and ASCII This the n/360-inch Spacing ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2B to of inch feed commands. The of from to ESC 1B Command Summary Commands Topic Select 1/6-inch Spacing
Commands Topic ESC Format: ASCII the to of inch commands. The the three and ASCII The of from to ESC n/60-inch Spacing Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch commands. The of from to n/180-inch ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4A Advances the of inch. The of from to This and Command Summary ESC 1B n/180-inch Spacing
VT Format: ASCII Advances the to the the selected ESC If selected, used. If the ESC Format: ASCII C 1B to the affected spacing. The as from to The the of the command. ESC ESC clears the VT 0B Command Summary Topic Vertically
Commands Topic ESC Format: ASCII Functions the as ESC B, that the selects the which from to Therefore, to of The selected ESC To clear the ESC ESC Format: ASCII This to the with the of from to VT commands the selected this command. If selected, used. Command Summary ESC 1B ESC 1B 2F Select
Motion ESC Format: ASCII the to the character the treated as This command clears and previous characters the lowercase (as the The the the of character. ESC Format: ASCII the right to the character the treated as This clears previous and previous characters the The the the of character. ESC 1B 6C ESC 1B Commands Topic Command Summary Margin Right Margin
Commands Topic BS Format: ASCII Prints the then the to the Backspacing to, beyond, the The BS ESC or ESC ESC Format: ASCII This the from the that characters to printed, this of Each of inch. The and the previous effective the specified the right Command Summary BS ESC 1B Backspace
ESC Format: ASCII the (relative to the which of To and first the If the to the from the using this of The the the of inch and of inch Quality or HT Format: ASCII Advances the to the The S-character the currently pitch. affected ESC 1B SC HT Command Summary Commands Topic Relative
Commands Topic ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This allows of to which as (from to with the terminating the command. The ESC clears The when turned or ESC command, every characters. The affected The the character ESC Format: ASCII The following Selects Selects Quality (LQ) the SelecType Command Summary ESC 1B Select Quality or
ESC Format: ASCII This affects the Quality If the used. To of the other the family of the as shown below. to choose the the of The following to only the such as the the SelecType and DIP switch ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects of the following condensed, emphasized, and to the Selecting With Select section Chapter ESC 1B 6B OCR-B OCR-A Orator-S Command Summary Commands Topic Select Family Select
Commands Topic and Character Select CPI ESC Format: C ASCII 1B Selects character inch This normally to or Select CPI ESC Format: ASCII Selects character inch ESC Format ASCII Selects character inch and or combined with Command Summary ESC 1B 4D ESC 1B Select CPI
ESC Format: ASCII and off. The following off. The of characters from character to character. Therefore, than W. character the This command the previously selected used. Graphic characters only; recommended with and only. SI Format: ASCII Prints characters about of their the characters inch. combined with turned and off SelecType, the SI command, or DIP switch ESC 1B SI 0F Turn On/Off Command Summary Commands Topic Select
Commands Topic ESC SI Format: ASCII the SI and the function of the CONDENSED the DC2 Format: ASCII SI, ESC SI, or SelecType and to Format: ASCII the of characters This LF, FF, VT, or DC4. Command Summary ESC SI 1B 0F DC2 SO 0E Select Double-wide Select
Select Double-wide ESC SO Format: ASCII the SO command. ESC Turn Double-wide On/Off Format: ASCII ESC 1B the of characters. The following off. DC4 Format: ASCII selected SO or ESC SO, selected ESC or ESC C 1B 0E DC4 Double-wide Command Summary Commands Topic
Commands Topic Turn Double-high On/Off ESC Format: ASCII the height of characters. The following off. with the tractor. ESC Format: ASCII text each with the slightly to the right of the first. Emphasized ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B the selected ESC E. Command Summary ESC 1B ESC 1B Select
ESC Format: ASCII text each with the slightly below the first. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the selected ESC G. ESC S0 Format: ASCII Prints characters about two-thirds of the character height the of the character ESC 1B ESC 1B Commands Topic Command Select
Commands Topic ESC S1 Select Format: ASCII Prints characters about two-thirds of the character height the of the character ESC Format: ASCII or Command C 1B ESC 1B
Select ESC Format: ASCII or ASCII characters. the following the first The of the location of the strike-through. The of whether the or the selected ESC 1B 2D Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic Turn On/Off ESC Format: ASCII This including The following off. with HT or ESC ESC Format: ASCII The following Selects Selects Selects Selects with This characters, with the of character B0H to DFH, F4H, and F5H to and the Graphics character Command Summary ESC 1B 2D ESC 1B Select Character
Word Processing ESC Format: ASCII the type of The following Selects Selects centering. Selects right Selects The when the becomes HT and BS there within ESC SP Format: ASCII the amount of to the right of each character, to the already allowed the of the character. The of which should from to of of inch and of inch Quality and ESC 1B ESC SP 1B Command Summary Commands Topic Select Justification Intercharacter
Commands Topic Character ESC Select Character Table Format: ASCII Selects the character to Selecting Graphics characters selected ESC The following Selects character Selects Graphics character Selects character and to the function of DIP switch that the of or ESC Format: ASCII characters from the character to printed. This the Graphics character selected ESC or DIP switch the character graphics Command ESC 1B ESC 1B
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the selected ESC Select International Character ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects of the international character The following USA Norway II II America the DIP switch the international character Command Commands Topic
Topic Characters and information this topic. ESC Characters Format: ASCII This allows characters to the currently selected characters, DIP switch to off. ESC Copy ROM to RAM Format ASCII ESC 1B 3A This the characters ROM to RAM that characters The the family. and copied. The to the OCR-B OCR-A Command Summary ESC 1B
ESC Format: ASCII This to the character ESC to the character The following Selects the Selects the Printable Characters ESC Format: ASCII the Graphics character selected, ESC the of through as characters, the characters printed. ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B the Graphics character selected, ESC through to treated as This the ESC 1B ESC 1B Command Summary Commands Topic Select
Commands Topic Graphics graphics the ESC information graphics ESC Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4B Turns graphics The of ESC Format: ASCII low-speed, graphics The of ESC Format: ASCII high-speed, graphics The of Command Summary ESC 1B 4C Select High-speed Graphics ESC 1B Select Graphics
ESC Select Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 5A graphics The of Select Graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2A graphics to the following the The of Option High-speed CRT CRT II CRT III Hex-density* this Command Summary Commands Topic
Commands Topic Reassign Graphics ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B 3F from graphics to another. The character (K, L, or Z), the commands ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, and ESC Z. The of through and to the the ESC command. Command Summary
A-2 Character A-6
Table This the of characters. The of inch. of of inch.) You to these the of characters that The characters with indicated international characters or graphics. the Chapter the the international characters. Also, the of the ESC and ESC commands Chapter information to these characters. The following shows each character, its ASCII and its If there the the the of the character. CHR CHR 2A 2B 2C 2D 2E 2F A-2 3A 3B 3C 3D 3E 3F
4A 4B 4C 4D 4E 4F 5A 5B 5C 5D 5E 5F CHR CHR C C 6A 6B 6C 6D 6E 6F 7A 7B 7C 7D 7E o A-3
Table CHR A-4 B0 B1 B2 B3 B4 B5 B6 B7 B8 B9 BA BB BC BD BE BF Cl C2 C3 C4 C5 C6 C7 C8 C9 CA CB CC CD CE CF D0 D1 D2
D3 D4 D5 D6 D7 D8 D9 DA DB DC DD DE DF E0 E1 E2 E3 E4 E5 E6 E7 E8 E9 EA EB EC ED EE EF F0 F1 F2 F3 F4 F5 F6 F7 F8 F9 FA FB FC FD FE CHR I3 A-5
Character These character selected DIP switch or the ESC software command. the Graphics character of the ESC or ESC software whether to to 9F as characters (ESC or (ESC Character Table CODE C A-6 #3CScs :J <IA\1 ?O-0 f3CScs ?O-0
Graphics Character Table CODE C C O@ P 7G ?O PCB& itf>p=mn Character -QB? It# {I -II A-7
that these apply specifically to If that topic information. software that such as or ASCII the American Information assigning to and this DIP switch or through the the feed the CR of the of Usually or bidirectional which the head to right then the right to and the head both the increases wasted or which the of information or input and memory.
of information consisting of (CR) The that the to the issued together with feed, the to the of the bidirectional the head to the character of numbers, and that with the characters which each character approximately of the of characters. characters inch characters inch. or spreadsheets the which both perforated and to the characters, the ASCII includes other which These such functions as sounding the and or feed. (CSF) optional, which of the troubleshooting the the each that
or that when the turned or initialized. DIP switches switches that functions and the of the when turned or initialized. DIP graphics graphic of graphics. of which each or of double-high Printing which each character as as of characters. character the the slightly below the Can which each character as as characters. (The One of character high-speed Quality. of characters. of the head, characters the of
Graphics character The Graphics character international characters, characters, and character graphics corners, and areas. ESC to commands. ESC/P The of commands software of from It and software computers. of type family terminology, normally to to both and that the to the top of the To establish the of the turning the or INIT or input The memory the which from the while to printed. interface The of the and interface and interface. which the characters This
Quality One of Quality readability and appearance reduced Both and that the The to which the loaded. It the memory The memory. from the of the from the memory to the memory. The then information from its memory This of frees the to other while the The memory the memory or input that the and tear-off the Three commonly with and the and (This the and the A, B, C, D, E, and F. This and
and only the and information that or off. often and the to with the connected to switch the that when with informing the and that there loaded, and causing the PAPER OUT light to The of the that fits the to the interface interface that the and the interface character or interface. The that the the of and Quality. high-speed, Quality to polished which the character from character to character. than lowercase The than typewritten
optional that and through the built-in that through the RAM Random Access Memory. The of the memory as and as characters. RAM when the turned To to its command, INIT or turning the off and of the of the the the its DIP switch and the characters that its ROM Memory). interface interface interface. tear-off that the perforation of to the tear-off to the and then the back to the These the and character of characters inch. This often the or pitch. to as The of the that through the its the
character which each character slightly than that there characters inch. to as only. Allows than bidirectional graphics. characters Characters that and the the known as characters.
Reference
and Function The following reference. the reference Chapter included this reference to their complexity. those that such as ESC the right Chapter ASCII CR CAN Motion Hex. 0D
Motion ASCII Hex. ESC 6C Margin Right Margin ESC RS ESC Position ESC 5C Relative HT ESC Hex. ESC Select Quality or ASCII 6B Select ESC ESC Select and Character ASCII /Hex. ESCP ESC ESC ASCII ESC ESC FSCG FSCH ESC ESC Select ESC ESC( Select ESC- Turn On/Off ESC Select Character Word Processing ASCII Hex. ESC Justification ESC SP Intercharacter IF Select CPI 4D 12CPI Select CPI Turn Double-high On/Off IHex. Emphasized Emphasized Select RI
Character ASCII Hex. ESC Select Character ESC Select ESC ESC Select International Character Graphics DIP switch DIP Switch International character Font selection on/off Character on/off DIP Switch Tear-off perforation feed Not Character of characters. ON OFF Normal Graphics Italics On ON OFF inches inches On On On KS KB*
tractor DIP switch
EPSON AMERICA, INC. California KEY FEATURES: Sharp Quality 180-CPS High-Resolution Graphics SelecType Fonts and Optional Font Cartridge Advanced Short Tear-Off User-Selectable 8K or One-Year Warranty Printed