front.fm5 July PM Printed with least
Thursday, July PM cover light light light cleaning
front.fm5 July PM rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EPSON EPSON and ESC/P and ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EPSON SoundAdvice, EPSON FaxAdvice, and EPSON Perfect of Inc. Notice Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc. 400667301D0
front.fm5 July PM This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. FCC United States WARNING
front.fm5 July PM
July PM EPSON COLOR the business graphics, photographyor With to photographic and graphics and laser-sharp text and art. The software Microsoft and with of brightness, and ColorSync and ICM that match the You procedures right from such as cleaning and the heads. EPSON through operations With and and connectivity, fast and easy. EPSON specially formulated and of the output and offer the the Introduction
July PM Introduction To and its software with PC, should IBM PC with least or DOS, Workgroups or NT At least 16MB of RAM At least 20MB of (50MB or recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or recommended) the software shielded, twisted-pair to to to the the D-SUB, and the To the EPSON NT or least You should least 20MB of free or least 8MB of to EPSON from the CD. the EPSON oftware
July PM To and its software with Macintosh, should or the and early of the such as the II or or At least 8MB of built-in RAM (16MB or recommended) At least 20MB of free (40MB or recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or recommended) the software Apple Peripheral-8 or (RS-422, DIN the EPSON oftware Introduction
July PM Introduction To To and software, the This the following information: covers the basics of with or Macintosh. Custom to with and Chapter selecting the right or other and instructions Chapter and Network to and Chapter and Transportation, instructions cleaning and the heads, and cleaning and the Chapter Troubleshooting, The Specifications, the technical and EPSON and included the of the
July PM services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. to EPSON of CompuServe type GO EPSON the CompuServe to reach the America introductory CompuServe membership, and Notes, and this information throughout to injury. to to Notes information about hints Where To EPSON through the following services: Introduction
July PM Introduction Automated telephone services Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice Pre-recorded to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON FaxAdvice technical information You to this service. EPSON Service the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer If software with EPSON the that technical information. EPSON technical and information the installation, and operation of EPSON products. (U.S.), or A.M. to P.M., through please the following information ready: Product Product of the You purchase and from EPSON (U.S. only). please NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency.
July PM The EPA NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused to If isnt NERGY TAR off when Turn off and each when using them. the option software catch something. rather than Not this and Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively. Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the Introduction
July PM Introduction to properly grounded outlets. using the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. with other of to through the following of operating the or the of the If it off with and If it them immediately with of the reach of
July PM the or to them. This to the head. Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of them. this turn the off the this pressed, the light flashes then the or off the to the the light off. the the head the right and the Introduction
basic.fm5 Thursday, July PM Its easy to and and white with EPSON COLOR First to and the software, following the instructions the Then this chapter to about the following: from Printing from from DOS Choosing and other What to when the lights the buttons from to from the or choose from the You then choose which to the of and other options. The that whether to or of software. The following sections to options from applications, to the and to
basic.fm5 Thursday, July PM The through apply that Then the to the or the selected through the or NT or information about the and NT, right-click item the and then Whats This? from Applications This section the to information about advanced Follow these to from or other software: Click the or choose or from the You If choose first that the including the of and the printed. EPSON COLOR selected, and then the or (You to of these buttons.) You the following:
basic.fm5 Thursday, July PM the highest to of the photo the EPSON If the shown the the option to The software the to the and This the to of of Choose the to from the following to through the If which to to the Quality Quality Quality The type of choose the or Choose or Black If or to as of Black the to Quality or This choose the highest or the the (The types.) Once these basic as the the of the to the other If to them, Advanced as
basic.fm5 Thursday, July PM To and the the the of the (such as or to the If necessary, the and choose of and If software these to the Click OK when finished The the OK or You to of these buttons. While the EPSON appears, showing the and the of If this displays the Checking information.) through software the apply to the If to the applications, the through the or NT option or the software closed to and then them to the Follow these Click to and then Right-click the EPSON COLOR
basic.fm5 Thursday, July PM You the NT software only the such as or Select Then the You the as shown the and OK become the and Follow these Double-click the the group. Double-click the EPSON COLOR from the of and You the as shown the and OK become the and NT Click to and then Click the EPSON COLOR the and You the the as and OK become the and
basic.fm5 Thursday, July PM If the to appear each off. To this, the and the to the option The appears and While the EPSON appears The of the appears Click to Click to This shows the of and the of If of while the You the buttons to or The the of the shows with these Checking the occurred and or Chapter troubleshooting information. The ready to The currently The or empty; the or light the and the necessary. Click to
basic.fm5 Thursday, July PM On the with cant them from to another. to each from If to templates from Macintosh, to the each the or choose from the that choose the that as whether to or or the of This section the to Chapter information about Follow these to from or other software: Choose from the You the Choose and other options and OK Choose from the or the You the following: Choose the of and which to Click information about Click to of
basic.fm5 Thursday, July PM the highest to of the the EPSON the option to The software the to the and This the to of of Choose the to from the following The type of choose the or If which to select, to the Quality Quality Quality Choose or Black If or to as of choose Black the to Quality or This choose the highest or the Click when finished If chose background when while Chapter
basic.fm5 Thursday, July PM The the EPSON COLOR features, such as and MicroWeave. from DOS DOS software include software EPSON ESC/P You to the software to of advanced built-in and graphics DOS to from of to the software. If EPSON COLOR included the software to software. If updated software the first the below. and select: EPSON EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR II LQ-860 LQ-2550 only, select: LQ-870/1170 LQ-500 LQ-570(+)/1070(+) SQ-870/1070 LQ-850
basic.fm5 Thursday, July PM Choosing and Other You with and EPSON specially the the EPSON offers specially EPSON choice of Chapter information EPSON A4 S041059 S041060 EPSON High Quality A4 S041117 S041111 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Quality A4 S041126 S041124 EPSON S041134 EPSON Quality A6 A4 EPSON A4 S041063 S041064 EPSON Quality A6 S041054 Cards S041122 EPSON Iron-On SE41001, SE41002 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 To EPSON and other or EPSON (U.S. only). please S041061 S041062 S041067 S041107 S041071 S041072
basic.fm5 Thursday, July PM the light or incorrectly loaded. the and then the light to the Chapter instructions. light flashes supply the light flashes and the lights Turn off the and the then the The light when the The light flashes when the or charging or or cleaning head. the and lights and the lights Press the to the information. the lights internal Chapter information. What To the Lights light light light The four lights the and to cleaning light
basic.fm5 Thursday, July PM the Follow these when using the buttons: the and off. the (clears its memory) within seconds while the Loads or and released within seconds. corrected. the head to the about three seconds while the or light flashing or the head to its head cleaning about three seconds when the or light off. information about the easily It of the and options. Accessing from Applications To from the and choose or Then or to of these buttons) the software Click the the of the related to the items that Then topic.
basic.fm5 Thursday, July PM With NT, related to item the right-clicking the item and then clicking the Whats This? You when the as below. Accessing from Click the to and and then EPSON COLOR If instructions to the to While the related to item the right-clicking the item and then clicking the Whats This? Accessing from To from the EPSON and the EPSON COLOR If instructions to the to Accessing from NT Click the then the Right-click the EPSON COLOR and from the the software the If instructions to the to Accessing from Applications Choose from the or the Click the related to the items that To the OK the of the
Thursday, July PM to graphics, photographs, or other the EPSON COLOR software. You choose or options brightness, and (ICM) or ColorSync the This chapter includes the following information: advanced and ColorSync the Advanced easy to operation Follow these to with or software. Custom
Thursday, July PM Custom advanced the Quality/Speed Access the as or (Macintosh). You of the following boxes: Click Advanced then to of Select or Black Click Advanced then to of
Thursday, July PM choose from the Custom Selecting PhotoEnhance, ICM, or ColorSync the option to Color. with the PhotoEnhance and The and the PhotoEnhance effects. PhotoEnhance and its image.The consistently increases You to to choose the Click Advanced and then Custom You the of types. Follow these to choose the right photographs. Increases the Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and and the and highlights. PhotoEnhance or and the and brightness. Corrects and of the rough of text only, ICM only) Automatically to match the ColorSync only) Automatically to match the information, Choose the to (If which to select, to the The the choose. cant or with the ICM or ColorSync Click OK or If other that Custom
Thursday, July PM Custom them as group. Then them whenever instructions. of these options or other choose Quality and Effects If the or to with effects, software. Follow these or software. Access the as or (Macintosh). Click Advanced, and then More You the More
Thursday, July PM of these options or other choose The Quality selected the If choose Quality that the the to both of these Choose of the following Quality options low-resolution rough Normal or high-resolution Works the highest-resolution only. Choose the and to following the and Custom
Thursday, July PM Custom the selected based the Advanced preselected each type when Black as the If when the High to the heads. instructions. Choose of the following options: text only. photographic or each of with the surrounding Dithering Dithering charts, and other that of bright Coarse with and with and Choose of the following options. of these selected or the Quality choose. MicroWeave quality. Prints graphic to (light High fast, bidirectional Prints of with iron-on the or other correctly. graphics, and art with and increases memory Click OK ready to or the section to
Thursday, July PM (ICM You choose from or manually brightness, and correction, CMY To the Matching (ICM) ColorSync the or PhotoEnhance and Follow these to Access the More as The appear the right of the as shown: Click to to and Custom
Thursday, July PM Custom Choose of the following the information and correction accordingly. Photo-realistic photographs. graphics-intensive with charts and and the and highlights. With the of the software On choose this only ColorSync. If to correction the to increase right) or the below. (If of the options to specify correction Brightness or Increases or the the bright or of or Increases or the amount of the three that to to the
Thursday, July PM choose PhotoEnhance, ICM, or ColorSync, the other options The of ICM Quality, and choose PhotoEnhance ICM or ColorSync (Macintosh). PhotoEnhance and the and brightness. Corrects or of the photograph. ICM only) Automatically to match the ColorSync only) Automatically to match the ColorSync the information. Click OK to to the Click to as that information about Click OK or If using other buttons that ColorSync the Every or and Thats why to to match the displayed The ColorSync its match as as Custom
Thursday, July PM Custom The EPSON If or other other ColorSync information from each including EPSON COLOR 600to First to Then software to specify the of to Follow these to ColorSync and softwares ColorSync features: ColorSync Profile the Apple Click the Profile Select from the and then Select ColorSync Profile. Access the More as Click Profile choose EPSON Choose of the following options photographs. graphics-intensive with charts and matching as precisely as the distinguishes them. Click OK and then
Thursday, July PM You to of If the or when selected, the selected the to Custom This To to Custom the as with and it to the Custom Then easily the the Follow these as this chapter. Click the the You of the following: to characters) and click the The choose the when Advanced and then Custom Custom
Thursday, July PM Custom Custom To the options the follow these Select Advanced Select the of the to the Custom the as necessary. (If the and the to Custom this Click Select the of the the Custom If You the Click OK to (Click to On the Then the to (Click to Custom If follow these to them: Select Advanced Click the the Custom and (You of the types.)
Thursday, July PM EPSON COLOR about of to You of and with specially coated the EPSON cards, and photo of EPSON from to iron-on You to to and This chapter covers the following: and other The type of or other of the factors the of the highest when EPSON Quality The following the type of or other information, the section the
Thursday, July PM with this of this sheets) to the sheets) EPSON EPSON Coated EPSON High Quality Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Coated EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Quality EPSON Loading and Software Whether or to to the the below. You to the software to match the loaded. Then this software
Thursday, July PM with this of this EPSON Quality Quality with EPSON High Quality with EPSON with EPSON Iron-On with the leading the the option to itespecially includes the appear correctly when Chapter instructions. Additional Loading If the option shown the the Quality the More as the or the the Custom the information. to the option, to the that to correctly; follow instructions the sheets the and the If the protective each of to the protective sheets to the of the with the top leading the within year of purchase. and within months. Then this software
Thursday, July PM and to their as as the information. EPSON include cleaning the cleaning with this They the Forms, and the top first. If the and both Dont than to the arrow the EPSON High Quality, and Quality You to the arrow the If than to the arrow
Thursday, July PM within of purchase. and within months. and to their as as the information. EPSON Quality and To the and the and the the or with the or beneath the with Quality You to sheets of to sheets of or to With sheets loaded, the top inches. If to top and each from the immediately printed. each If included protective cover the of with these
Thursday, July PM EPSON You these to photographs that as as the from processing. EPSON inches) perforated around the and the to the of the paperon You to sheets of EPSON the included beneath the the following when EPSON the with the whiter facing and the perforated as shown: the software, to inches. that the of off when the perforated
Thursday, July PM Choose EPSON as the and as the Printable Choose Quality as the the back and forth the perforations and tear the off. You the EPSON the of the the Quality and Then the of the using the To their them resealable or other airtight covering and them from heat, humidity, and sunlight. EPSON Quality Cards You to with with the cards) or of beneath the ready to software to the option the If smears the cards, the to the as shown EPSON Quality these sheets to or You should these sheets to their them.
Thursday, July PM iron-on includes Then the correctly when You the option software, as Chapter EPSON Iron-On You or this and then to T-shirts or other cloth items. of and as type software. follow the instructions that with the to the the or other You to as shown below:
Thursday, July PM to the first and the the to the If smears when or other thick the to the the cover and the as shown below. Then the cover and the to the thin and Other Custom You or ordinary (continuous-form) to to inches You that fits the least inches), the of software or Macintosh. To 44-inch with continuous-form first tear off four sheets and the perforations the If the to the
Thursday, July PM the the as shown. The right of the should the right the to the of the Follow the instructions the sections to or from Follow these to or other the or other software. You or Click the or choose or from the You selected, and then the or (You to of these buttons.) You the as shown right
Thursday, July PM Click the You the following: Choose the to from the If to or other choose If choose the following appears: To type inches the and inches the (This both and Click OK Choose or Landscape already specified the software. the necessary. type to inches Click to of
Thursday, July PM Click the to to the choose and the other to and then OK Click OK or to You to of these buttons. from Follow these to or other the or other software. You or Choose from the You the following: Choose or the of the or created. the necessary. Click to of Click to
Thursday, July PM You to If each to them selecting them from the the Choose the to from the If to or other the The following appears: Click to Click the New The the New To type inches the and inches the Height (This both and Click OK then OK Choose from the or the You the shown choose and the other to and then to
Thursday, July PM software includes You them to to and If to follow the this chapter. This chapter instructions the following: or NT Network PC or software includes the and The when to the It allows to the background while to and to to If that the and Network
Thursday, July PM and Network The appear the the or the to the The which when to the It displays to about and as the The the to software temporary the C:\TEMP or C:\WINDOWS\TEMP or directory, and assigns to The software then the to the right To the while the that appears the or the of To the the EPSON or You the The displays the of and and them. of the things or release to or
Thursday, July PM information about of these the Select the information to the the from appearing whenever directory If of Follow these to the as Click then the and Click and the Directory If when try to or directory. Follow these directory where to C:\SPLTEMP. the as EPSON COLOR selected, and then choose from the The appears. and Network
Thursday, July PM and Network The or the this option selected the the directory the created this Then OK (If and the when Choose Directory from the the the directory to the created Then OK the The displays when to the to Follow these Access the as or Click the You the information about these three
Thursday, July PM Click the EPSON You the with the the the amount of information about the with NT NT and workstations include service to to or know when finished. If or from the or and the security, and NT and Network
Thursday, July PM and Network software includes and If background when to the It while to and that to printed. The to that You to The to while background and If to this to background the Chooser and increase the memory Follow these the Chooser from the Apple and the EPSON Then the or Background On and the Chooser. To increase the memory to EPSON the
Thursday, July PM Choose Info from the the Memory to 2000K or 3000K, RAM. While the EPSON the Application the right of the You the following: currently appear You and or this to the the You the to the of and to the software about Follow these Choose from the or the You the and Network
Thursday, July PM and Network Click the You the information about these three Chapter Click the EPSON The software the amount of the and displays the Click to Click to and
Thursday, July PM If to and the You the following Choose the options and OK Network PC You NT, or other operating to using the or softwares built-in instructions the softwares the Softwares Network Support. Network with NT If connected the directly to NT NT instructions the and Network
Thursday, July PM and Network the Softwares Network To softwares built-in first to the software the that the the instructions. Once the software to from each to directory the connected to the Follow the the sections to directory the connected to the (the and each the to the and to the as the Follow these to the connected to the the EPSON (EPSPMGR4.EXE the \WINDOWS\SYSTEM or directory). this the Double-click the EPSON to the Double-click the EPSON COLOR The appears. Click the and then the from option. Click the and the directory that Click OK and the
Thursday, July PM Remote Follow these to the the the as the the EPSON COLOR The appears. Click the to Click the and the directory using the Click OK and the Network Path If to to the and the to the Follow these Double-click Double-click the Right-click the EPSON COLOR and choose and Network
Thursday, July PM and Network If to from DOS as as from the instead of the the the connected to, then the to the selected, then OK. Click the The following appears: Click the then the to the and OK the as the The appears. the this option checked. Then OK
Thursday, July PM Its easy to EPSON COLOR its follow the instructions this chapter the and This chapter covers the following Cleaning the heads the heads Cleaning the Transporting the Cleaning the Heads If unexpectedly light or or from the to the heads. This the they properly. Cleaning the heads them You of the following to the heads: The Head Cleaning software The buttons. and Transportation
Thursday, July PM and Transportation finished using this this with off the while the light flashing. If however, the light flashing and the or off the the Head Cleaning Follow these to the from or the turned and the and lights off. Access the as Click the or the You the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the heads. Cleaning each head about which the and the light flashes. the light flashing, to to the and the cleaning the and or Confirmation and then Next instructions examining the If the If this or three the Chapter
Thursday, July PM the the turned and and that the and lights off. Press the cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about which the and the light flashes. the cleaning and the light to to the and the cleaning If DOS, and containing and Then to to Access the as Click the or the and then Next You the Click the the section instructions examining the If the If this or three the and Transportation
Thursday, July PM and Transportation its light flashing or If cant the other To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. the the It should something this, with the and yellow: W0186B Each and straight should with the If If the heads as the Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020093 S020089 or EPSON (U.S. only). please
Thursday, July PM If the cleaning when light flashing or the cleans the heads as If to the lights flash the too follow the instructions the ready to with Attempting to without Once becomes and Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with Removing Empty Cartridge You when the or light flashing or Follow these the turned and which to replaced. the and the cover. Press the cleaning and three seconds. The heads slightly and the light flashing. (The heads to their to within seconds.) the The from its (Although the shows the the the the the of the and of Follow the the section to the and Transportation
Thursday, July PM and Transportation You the yellow from the top of the leaving the permanently the clear from the of the Dont the or to with Once cant the New Cartridge Once the ready to the Follow these the from its the as shown: the its with the facing and the arrow to the back of the The the right, the the Press the
Thursday, July PM off the while the light flashing. If however, the light flashing and the or off the To the the heads hand. If to the other as Empty Cartridge Then follow through this section. Press the cleaning and the cover. The the heads and charging the the charging seconds the The light flashes and the sounds. Charging about finished, Outdated Cartridge If than months to You that as as they to. If cleaning and the heads, or both Follow these to the or light flashing or the turned and the and the cover. Press the and seconds the heads to the the The from its the of the and of Follow the the section, the New Cartridge, to the and Transportation
Thursday, July PM and Transportation thats least inches the finished this this with the Heads If to the heads. Follow these the and loaded. Access the as Chapter Click the or the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to and the
Thursday, July PM Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the Dont or the Cleaning the To its should following these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the sheet Clean the of the with cloth. the closed Clean of the with cloth. and Transportation
Thursday, July PM and Transportation To the when the the If to to and the Follow these Turn the and the heads the right Then off the the from the Then the interface from the from the sheet and the the and the Repack the and the the protective that with the Notice that with the to the as If the the heads; the heads. the instructions this chapter.
Thursday, July PM or other The first thing should the following the this chapter. Then the the fixed. This chapter everything to know about the following: Fixing and other includes of to To the the lights the What To the Lights Flash You the to instructions, or Troubleshooting
July PM Troubleshooting thats least inches the head directly the To whether the caused the operation instructions. the information, the EPSON COLOR and the ReadMe the EPSON or If of the this chapter EPSON as Where to the Introduction. You to whether the from the or other If the satisfactory, the software the interface or If the correctly, with the this chapter Follow these to the both the and turned off. Disconnect the interface from the the the and the to turn the Then release both buttons.
Thursday, July PM The containing and the ROM The following and white, the W0186 02BB the off the to the interface then the and Quality You often of the following: Clean the heads Chapter instructions). higher Chapter of EPSON Match the the software to the type of the Chapter Turn off High the More Chapter off the the the of the and lights first. Chapter instructions.) Troubleshooting
Thursday, July PM Troubleshooting Printed The match the The of the the and with the Chapter instructions. The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. the and lights to which The to Chapter The MicroWeave option Turn MicroWeave the advanced Chapter information. or appears The head Clean the heads. instructions. clogged. High Turn off High Chapter information. The heads the Head Chapter instructions. The incorrect or The option to the to instructions. Black The match the The of the the and with the instructions. to the matches the or other Then the software other the and the matches the or Then the software other the and
Thursday, July PM The and options incorrectly type. The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. The ICM or ColorSync incorrect The or or empty. The displayed match the The software The or The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. The match the The the and with the or dirty. Chapter instructions. the and lights to which The to Chapter instructions. the the following the instructions Chapter the or choose Chapter information. the and lights to which to instructions. and to exactly match the the ICM or ColorSync Chapter information. You to software. software information. the matches the or other Then the software other the and Troubleshooting
Thursday, July PM Troubleshooting The or smeared The the to the and the Chapter instructions. The or the the and with the Chapter instructions. You Follow the instructions Chapter and without the that sheets. You to or other non-recommended The match the The sheets the smearing the the Clean the to Chapter instructions. The the following the instructions empty. Chapter or choose Black software. the High and MicroWeave with head. Photographic or rough The heads the Head Chapter instructions. The of Increase the image-editing software, too or the of the or the specifications the If clean the heads as Chapter the matches the loaded. Then the software other the Chapter information. each from the as as to Turn off High following the instructions Chapter the head following the instructions
Thursday, July PM and white selected Select and software and the selected. lights off The these the turned Turn off the and the securely. the switch or and the light nothing The interface Turn off and Then the connected securely. securely and the specifications. The internal Turn off the and the interface and as If the first that: The turned and the light the The outlet thats switch or The interface securely connected to the and and both turned If cant the following Troubleshooting
Thursday, July PM Troubleshooting or software incorrectly. enough memory to the the the and Chapter instructions. the EPSON and Then The heads or the too The light flashing or If flashing, the and follow the If or or the and as the or Chapter Then the to incorrectly. off the light and or light flashing or If flashing, the supply You to the indicated then instructions. If the You the indicated Chapter empty. instructions. If the correctly, and software installation. If to as Chapter of the following: the of Select or memory to If the sounds trying to clean the heads; Chapter instructions. If cleaning the information and instructions,
Thursday, July PM The and lights flashing the Press the occurred. about seconds. Then Turn the off, seconds, and then and If the cleared, EPSON as the Introduction. the lights flashing You the from the internal Turn off seconds, and If occurred. the lights or EPSON as the Introduction. The finished charging the the light flashing The isnt Press the to the following the instructions the the Notice Sheet the The to If the or the light flashing than the off. If the light flashing when back EPSON as the Introduction. The software with correctly to software correctly the following the instructions the Notice the the software as the Troubleshooting
Thursday, July PM Troubleshooting software, the New Click and then OK operating occurred. You or caused temporary too to the enough memory the the appear with the The with the You memory (Macintosh) You to increase the memory EPSON or both. the directory, following the instructions of the following: the of Select or memory to this the Then bidirectional Chapter instructions. Choose Info from the when active and increase the memory Chapter information. off background to
Thursday, July PM of (Macintosh) other or turn off enough memory. background You to increase the memory EPSON or both. too software try the following: options incorrectly. Quality to Turn MicroWeave off. Turn High Black Choose and information. Clear or enough utility. Dont too the Turn off memory. Increase memory (RAM). background Choose Info from the when active and increase the memory Chapter information. off background to directory and as incorrect switches to the or the inactive. the conflicts. the AppleShare, FileShare, and PrinterShare and to the Then using using Apple Choose Info from the when active and increase the memory Chapter information. off background to Troubleshooting
Thursday, July PM Troubleshooting The Sorry, EPSON COLOR used appears (Macintosh) The and the corrupted. appear the Chooser the GX. conflicts. EPSON and EPSON then Macintosh. From the software CD-ROM or and Custom from the that displays Select EPSON and Click necessary, and the instructions the the GX loaded. EPSON and EPSON then Macintosh. Fixing You the following: smooth, high-quality that the the Follow and instructions included with the the with the as the or Chapter If with feeding, or
Thursday, July PM this Then this the of that the from the Isnt or creased. Isnt too Chapter or information). Isnt the arrow the Isnt the (If the light flashing, Then the as Chapter the to the the this Then this the of the isnt too thin the specifications the the of the of to the sheets. the as the and Chapter If of or than expected, the both the and Chapter information. the this Then this Turn off the cover, and the thats including that torn off. the as the and Chapter If frequently, smooth, high-quality the and then the Dont the arrow the the to the of Troubleshooting
Thursday, July PM Troubleshooting or If the the If when the or too thin. Characters incorrect or the Select as the or instructions. selected the Chooser and the the Chooser. instructions. the following the instructions Then try If background Macintosh, corrupted. The interface Turn off and Then the securely connected. connected securely and the specifications. conflicting with the EPSON only). Press the to the Then the or software. the specifications the the with.) the specifications the thicknesses with, as as Printout If what expected, these the EPSON and Then Increase the memory EPSON VGA or instructions If correct, with the or to
Thursday, July PM The incorrect Margins incorrectly software the software incorrect The inverted as You option software or the software. The the Select as the or instructions. selected the Chooser and the the Chooser. instructions. the software incorrect The head Clean the heads following the instructions Chapter clogged. software instructions selecting the the within the of the the information. the Chapter information. Turn off the or software or the software. Chapter information. Select the information. Troubleshooting
specs.fm5 Thursday, July PM yellow) Printable and characters Bidirectional with text and graphics. the ESC/P and expanded graphics inch, inch, or 1/360-inch milliseconds 1/6-inch 32KB Character Character pitch LQ (characters inch) condensed) Specifications A-1
specs.fm5 Thursday, July PM Specifications Fonts The the selected with software You to the internal allow to Character These character selected with the A-8 instructions) or software commands. Character international character and character Font EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Select other ESC/P commands. the Command A-9. Scalable Font EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Each four and PC437 PC850 PC860 PC861 (Icelandic) PC863 (Canadian-French) PC865 (Nordic) BRASCII ISO A-2
specs.fm5 Thursday, July PM type Thickness inches) A4 A5 B5 inches) inches) inches) A4 distributed EPSON inches DL inches C6 inches A6 inch inches distributed EPSON the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or and to F to C) Humidity: to RH EPSON Quality and Quality should the following to F to C) Humidity: to RH and distributed EPSON inches) A4 A6 only) inches photo only) and photo distributed EPSON or to inch to to to to inch to to to and to inch to to inch to A-3 Specifications
specs.fm5 Thursday, July PM Specifications B-L Envelope A: The top inch sheets of EPSON Quality the top inches BL: The inch BR: The right inch and The right and inch The right as follows: inch DL inches inch C6 C: The inch A: The top inch BL, BR: The and right inch C: The inch the first. should first. B-R C B-L, B-R C A-4 B-L EPSON perforations) B-R C
specs.fm5 Thursday, July PM Cartridge Black (S020093) (S020089) Color(s) Black and capacity* (ISO/IEC (A4, each Cartridge years from (within months F C)) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) (W) (D) (H) The capacity often the head cleaning function. It and hours F C). To EPSON Other products to covered warranty. Dont the the expired. Mechanical Friction Sheet capacity (A4, Text) Width: inches Depth: inches Height: inches Width: inches Depth: inches inches when Height: inches inches when without the A-5 Specifications
specs.fm5 Thursday, July PM Specifications the the back of the the of Operation: to F to C) to F to C), month F C) hours F C) Humidity Operation: to RH to RH without UL with D3, CSA C22.2 with D3 EMC FCC B, CSA C108.8 Interface with interface and interface. interface The built-in interface the following characteristics: IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 120V 240V to 132V to 264V Rated to to Rated 0.4A 0.2A 15W (ISO/IEC Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or Amphenol Connector or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 A-6
specs.fm5 Thursday, July PM interface The built-in interface based the RS-423 This interface the following characteristics: The to of these the turned the initialized, the input and cleared, and to their the the turned within seconds off. this the the head, and the path. Software Software clears the and to their as shown below. to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 Based RS-423 Synchronization: Synchronous X-ON/X-OFF DTR Word Parity Stop Connector: Recommended Apple Peripheral-8 M0197) The turned The INIT from the interface. Software Software the ESC the command. The A-7 Specifications
specs.fm5 Thursday, July PM Specifications Fonts and Character The and character selections with software the the software to these The below shows the that when the initialized. To these follow the instructions and Character Item Top-of-form sheets: inches and right 1/6-inch Character pitch selected Cleared Every characters Font selection selected and character Hardware/control cleared Software built-in and character that the as below. The choose each the and character A-2. To the or character follow these the off and the sheet least inches the heads directly the the cleaning and the The of and summary and instructions. Follow the instructions the and the cleaning the lights the of choice. A-8
specs.fm5 Thursday, July PM You turning off the them Command This section the commands topic. with the following commands. ESC/P Selecting EPSON ESC/P software allows to the advanced and graphics the ESC/P Reference ESC ESC U, ESC EM feeding CR, FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC C, ESC C, ESC C0, ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC ESC ESC ESC V, ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC motion Font selection ESC ESC ESC X, ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC4, SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing ESC ESC ESC Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Graphics ESC G, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Press the to the and character and the of instructions. The instruction of the and character select. Select the and character to the turning off the If to the and character the and the which indicated arrows. A-9 Specifications
Thursday, July PM character of numbers, and that with the characters characters inch of the of text characters, to as pitch. The that appear when graphics. MicroWeave The of the memory to CMYK and These to the of ColorSync software that to WYSIWIG (what what This software as them or that when the turned or initialized. dithering halftoning which Dithering with such as charts and inch. The the software that instructions to to what to from and instructions to the to this G-1
Thursday, July PM This halftoning smooths of This the of the ESC/P The of the ESC/P Commands this features, such as and graphics This and clearer. This the of the that this increase the of of from to white. to when with only. of to to of using or nearly of using of the to its of This or the interface The the and peripheral such as interfaces, and interface or interface ESC/P This of commands of from It EPSON and computers. of type of which each or precisely second. This to the
Thursday, July PM MicroWeave that to reduce the of This with of which interface interface. that to the while or they printed. The to the It the and then them to the assigned It while the The of which the It than the physical of the to which the of the character from character to character. than lowercase The than typewritten Fonts that or reduced. Non-scalable and cant This as they appear instead of them as halftones. which printed, such as and To to its command, INIT or turning the off and then back The of inch to RGB Red, and These phosphors irradiated the to the of G-3
Thursday, July PM interface interface EPSON software that that EPSON software that displays the such as or the amount of Colors that of light and others. CMYK The which the the that This then to the directly or to the