ActionPrinter EPSON
NOTE To of protective with You these -HINWEIS ATTENTION tout protection 400213800D0 Printed U.S.A. R01 NOTICE NOTA Non NOTA protector.
rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information While every the of this Corporation responsibility or Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U. S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and ESC/P and ESC /P of Corporation. IBM and IBM PC of International Corporation Helvetica and of Linotype AG and/or its Copyright Corporation
United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the users authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of FCC WARNING
TIPS FOR PRINTING ON SINGLE SHEETS There things should about as to that the first of correctly then too the or that the from the These easy to of the software as below to the right software, normally what choose the Chapter the right to choose. include option to the If and 11-inch the to To the right that software. top and to and then of from to the the first This If the top or increasing the or both, the You the the inches. whether or choose sheets.
Where to United States America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the Consumer Assistance locating Authorized or Service Technical with the installation, and operation of products Information software of the ESC/P Reference which information ESC/P technical information service Product with technical specifications and products of ribbons, and Customer Relations Information about
United the comply with their and of merchantable and their or with This the or the rights of the the including Sections to of the of Act, Products, other than OEM products, operation or performance of ONE YEAR from of purchase the of the this MUST of purchase, normally the of and the responsibility of the to furnish such proof. (UK) or of the user the to the from whom purchased or, this to who the the of difficulty, users to the Service (UK) Limited. (UK) or Appointed Distributors, their or or of the to their satisfactory performance of the with its and This covers the of both the and to malfunction of the specifically wear and tear, physical to unauthorized and inexpert
The restricted to the performance of the and (UK) responsibility or claimed or performance, when the with other or software. Product as of or or the or the subjected to modifications. The cover to the or the or of the of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Approved Products (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to rating plate and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows:
The and connected to the the which with the or with the earth or coloured or and yellow. The connected to the the with the or coloured The connected to the the with the or coloured red. If to the the or with of the and
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat This should built-in This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding-type third (grounding) This grounding-type This If to the the to the of the grounding-type
this where the If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the of this through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the and servicing to service the following A. the or or B. If the C. If the exposed to or D. If the normally when the operating instructions those that covered the operating instructions of other and often to the to operation.
E. If the or the F. If the performance, indicating service.
Introduction These operation. This than You to characters choice of T, and H. The four to top, rear, and front. ESC/P2. This the first to offer and graphics. The the ESC/P commands software. You choose from and IBM only). This IBM X24E. Introduction
More about ESC/P ESC/P offers four from to You this software DOS-based software, ESC/P2 to software to software or to about ESC /P graphic-based software, such as Microsoft ESC/P2 with software to graphics the to the instead of the If to the ESC/P Reference information. or Where to United States this further information. information these Chapter Cut-Sheet (C80637*) This cut-sheet to sheets of without reloading. You and manually sheets without the cut-sheet High-Capacity Cut-Sheet (C80638*) This cut-sheet to of or without reloading. You cut-sheet connecting this cut-sheet to the Introduction
The option numbers, country. the country. Pull-Tractor Unit (C80019*) this option with the which forms. Ribbon Cartridge optional higher than the ribbon. Interface Cards Optional interface to the built-in interface. information. Introduction
Around This illustrated, instructions and operating Chapter information testing, and the to this chapter first. and include information and of troubleshooting information. If the properly or the what Chapter of and Other chapters information options, specifications, and commands. the of this of and and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the of Introduction
Introduction
Chapter the Unpacking the Checking the Choosing the Assembling the the protective the Attaching the Testing the the the Connecting the to Software the Choosing from the
the Checking the the the shown below and that locations the attached to the the to the Ribbon There of the and to the another If the the back of the the country,
Choosing the selecting to to follow the below. the the enough to the the interface to reach around the to allow easy and grounded the where easily the cord. switches or timers. of information the memory of or outlets the as or other that the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. locations that to sunlight, heat, or the
If to follow these that least that the of than from If cut-sheet the If to through the of the choose that path. and interface they with feeding. If the to of the the that the straight the tractors Assembling the the protective of the the these protective as shown the attached Notice protective to the
the the that the the cover and the cover. the and off. the and off. both of the clear the front of the and then off. Warning: the head while the turned this the Also, the the head cool touching the
the head to the of the Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow. This the and to Next, the its and then both of the to the the the
pointed such as to the the head and Turn the ribbon-tightening to feed the the head from to to smoothly. that the twisted or creased. the the mounting then the front of the Press the front of both of the paper-tension the
the first the front the the then You the optional or as the below when using ribbon: ordinary only. the paper-thickness to the lowest the ribbons the should follow the
Attaching the the notches the straight the mounting the the the upright the cover and the the
Testing the to the built-in function to that the properly. the to the the turned off. the the back of the to the the matches that of If the attached to the to the AC the rear the properly grounded the You the with or sheets. Also, the the from the top, rear, front, or The following to the single-sheet from the top. Chapter the If the rated and match, the cord,
holding while the the or LQ or of the DIP-switch These buttons below: LOAD/EJECT LF/FF LQ ALT DIP-switch The the first and of The then the character If LQ the the every turn. the turned off and that the paper-release the single-sheet While holding the the The and the seconds, that the the
the to the Then the right to match the of of the seconds, the the to the and the the the least inches) otherwise, the head directly the
To the the PAUSE the pressing the PAUSE Press the LOAD/EJECT to the from the and then the off. If satisfactory, Chapter of typical LQ Connecting the to If the correctly, ready to to the shielded twisted-pair to to the built-in interface. the
the interface as below: both the and turned off; then the securely the interface the together they of the If ground wire, to the ground the interface the other of the the (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the
Software the software specify the type of that of the features. software or section that of printers. Choosing from To of features, including ESC/P choose the LQ-570+ or from the If these listed, the software or Where to United States Users the of this to to the software choose from the following Action Action LQ-570/1070 LQ-870/1170 LQ-100 LQ-510/550 LQ-500 LQ-860 (LQ-1060) LQ-850 (LQ1050) LQ-2550 If of these listed, the first from the following LQ, FX, LX, RX, MX, the this graphics correct. the
C Selecting the paper-release Loading sheets from the top Loading sheets from the front Tractor and Loading with the tractor Removing from the tractor Loading with the Removing from the tractor Switching and Switching to sheets Switching to Paper-thickness
Selecting from the top and front and from the rear, front, and Also, the tractor as or tractor. You or of these This chapter the of and includes the feeding to the paper-release The paper-release three with indicating the type of and each
This tractor This from the rear, with the tractor the push-tractor This from the rear, front, or with the the this when both the tractor and the optional tractor.
sheets of from inches) to inches) You from the top or front of the Loading from the top the paper-release to the single-sheet the the upright Turn the The OPERATE light the
the to the arrow the Then the right to match the of the the seconds, the the to the
If the the the completely the and firmly. To the the LOAD/EJECT Loading from the front the paper-release to the single-sheet and the front cover. Turn the The OPERATE light the the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form
the the You the to the to increase the of the While the with the the seconds, the the to the
the the right of the only to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form If the the the completely the and firmly. To the the LOAD/EJECT The built-in front of the to of You from inches) to inches) You feed from the rear, front, or with the the push-tractor feeding from the rear. If this paper-feeding to To from the front or the the You optional and both the and tractors together.
Tractor and the of feeding the paper-release to the indicated the paper-feeding Tractor Paper-release Paper-feeding Push-tractor Pull-tractor with the the tractor the smoothly the If to feed through the that enough to feed from the without obstruction. tractor You the as or tractor. You the to feeding The with the the push-tractor
the push-tractor the turned off. the cover and the and off the If necessary, the tractor from the the while the tractor and of the mounting Press the tractors the the and straight the back mounting the tractor the mounting release the If the clear previously, the mounting then Press both of the paper-tension the cover. the paper-release to the push-tractor You ready to with the tractor. instructions.
the You ready to instructions. the turned off. the the cover and the cover. the cover and off. both of the clear and from the front and off the If necessary, the tractor from the push-tractor the while the and of the mounting the tractors the the tractor and the front mounting arrow each of the mounting shows where to the tractor. the the mounting the the paper-release to the release
Loading with the the turned off, the cover resting the cover, and the the the push-tractor and the paper-release the push-tractor Release the tractors the
the to inch) clean, straight leading Then the covers and the first four of the the from the and the back to Then the right to match the of the the
the covers. the right to the Then the back. the notches the straight the mounting the Slightly the and then the the cover and the both to the of the Turn the The the to the when You the to the the LOAD/EJECT button. the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form
from the Press the TEAR OFF to the to the Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the back to the the from the Loading with the tractor the the from the rear, front, or The the paths. the the the TEAR-OFF or the LOAD/EJECT to the back the the turned off and the and tear-off Chapter information.) Tear off sheets. tear off back-feeding; back-feeding too sheets the
the the and the paper-release the Release the tractors the
the to inch) If the front the front and the completely to the from the and the back to the Then the right to match the of the it the
clean, straight the the (rear, front, or the and head. the the perforation the first and with the top of the ribbon. If through the front the front cover.
the first four of the the the covers. the right to the Then the back. the notches the straight the mounting the Slightly the and then both to the of the Turn the the
If necessary, the the Chapter the the right of the to clear when the of. the or to the top-of-form To the cover, the front the the and then the cover the cover and the from the To when the tractor, tear off the the Press the LF/FF to feed the of the
Switching Continuous and using the tractor, easily switch to single-sheet without the Switching to sheets To switch from to sheets, follow the below. If sheets the the Tear off the Press the LOAD/EJECT The the TEAR OFF to the to the tear-off fear off back-feeding; back-feeding too back-feed easily off their and the to the The attached to the the path.
the paper-release to the single-sheet the the upright the to match the of You sheets as this chapter. Switching to To switch from sheets back to the tractor, follow the below. If the path, the LOAD/EJECT to Slightly the and then the both to the of the
the paper-release to the push-tractor The the to the when to sheets and of other types, such as and of to the paper-thickness or that software the within the the paper-thickness to when to ordinary
Paper-thickness the paper-thickness to match the thickness of to the below. Ordinary (with ribbon) Thin or Ordinary or to reduced paper-thickness of and to
both single-sheet and You single-sheet the front You of to four (including the the paper-thickness to the You the as or with recommended the the push-tractor together with the optional tractor. or Loading with the tractor, this chapter. to the as micro-feed the within the of the information the operating single-sheet from the front only.
choose the type mounted with with tractor. to as sheets sheet feed properly. It recommended from the front or with the the You the that (with the tractor), the paper-thickness to Loading with the tractor earlier this chapter with the LOAD/EJECT or TEAR OFF buttons. easily off the and the Since to and humidity, them only operating the they around the and when To from the first tear off the the Then the LF/FF to the of the
You from the top single-sheet should to the below: the paper-thickness to or the thickness of the feed the the operating the of the head. the within the of the
Chapter the Lights Other features DIP Switches DIP-switch DIP-switch DIP-switch Micro-Feed micro-feed the Tear Tear-off the TEAR OFF the tear-off Character Character the
The lights the of the The buttons Lights OPERATE On when the switch and supplied. PAUSE On when the ready to The PAUSE light off the to DATA On when the MULTI-PART On when the paper-thickness to or higher. The reduced when this light this light the micro-feed the
PAPER OUT (red) On when the of BIN On when of the optional cut-sheet selected feeding. BIN On when of the optional cut-sheet selected feeding. TEAR OFF On when the TEAR OFF to to the tear-off CONDENSED On when from the FONT On when selected. or with software, the FONT lights turned off the
PAUSE Press this to temporarily Press this to LOAD/EJECT Press this to single-sheet or to the However, the normally automatically. If single-sheet already the this to the If the or tear-off this to to the LF/FF feed/form feed) Press this to feed the this to of or to the top of the You this to of from the cut-sheet or to from the to the ALT this with other to the following BUFFER CLEAR (PAUSE) Clears the and the To clear the the top-of-form the PAUSE then the LF/FF to the to the top of the and then the ALT and PAUSE buttons the the
MICRO FEED (LOAD/EJECT) 1/180-inch MICRO FEED (LF/FF) 1/180-inch Micro-Feed this chapter information the Select/TEAR OFF This selects the when both optional cut-sheet and this once to feed from the to the tear-off Press this to the to the CONDENSED Press this to characters. Press to to character FONT Press this to from the built-in You or with this You these with software. The the as only; slightly. Other features The to the other the
the LF/FF LQ or the LOAD/EJECT while turning the The that operating properly. the ALT while turning the to of the DIP-switch the LF/FF and LOAD/EJECT while turning the to allows advanced users to the of the and the DIP Switches the of DIP switches, features, such as the graphics character and length. New whenever the turned The DIP switches located the to the DIP-switch To DIP-switch follow these Turn off the the the section the Chapter information. The the of this chapter.
the DIP-switch cover the front pointed such as the of to switch or off. The section DIP-switch functions the each switch. the DIP-switch cover. The DIP-switch when the to DIP-switch The off and the switch. the
DIP-switch The below the of the DIP switches. You the DIP-switch the as Chapter DIP switch SW function other than the DIP switch The the or factory The DIP switches and to the country, the
International character Country USA On On On On On On On United On On On off On On Character Character the international character to the PC (United States) On On On On PC On On On off PC On On off off PC On On off PC On On On BRASCII On On PC On On PC (Turksh)** PC (United States)* On PC (East These character the These character the the
inches On inches inches On On inches On DIP-switch This section the of the DIP switches. International character You choose from international character DIP switches and to the International character the character The character DIP switch USA, Germany, United I, Italy, and I. the following with the ESC software command: (English), II, II, and If the ESC command (to while DIP switch the international character USA. Character the or other built-in character and the or other graphics character the
You the character with DIP switches and to Character To graphics character first DIP switch If the ESC (to graphics) while DIP switch off, the graphics character PC (United States). character included the normally bidirectional. turning DIP switch printing-in which the head onlyallows This graphics such as or boxes. If DIP switch bidirectional with the ESC software command. This only the of this DIP switch off, the operates ESC/P2 the DIP switch to the operates IBM this the IBM 24E. the commands this IBM this Characters (ESC the
IBM the of DIP switches from those to These functions the following DIP-switch IBM SW On selection below Character selection graphic On CR The the or factory The DIP switches and to the country, With SW On, ESC ESC A, ESC J, and ESC function the as ESC/P. selection On On On On On On On On On On On On the
capacity The from its input DIP switch off to KB Turning DIP switch when the function. this function to the and the first the This the to the perforation of the top and these top-of-form with the MICRO FEED to of the the of and the top of the DIP switches and from the four the length" Tear off You DIP switch to tear-off Tear off" this chapter information the tear-off the tear-off only with with the tractor; the tear-off with the tractor. the
feed (DIP switch the each (CR) with (LF). If DIP switch off. If each the turn DIP switch Micro-Feed The allows to the or 1/180-inch You this to the and tear-off the to the factory the backward, the to as high as from the top of the You then to the or tear-off with the the off the the of single-sheet the the off the The to the factory when the turned To the the ALT the as the LOAD/EJECT or LF/FF as indicated the To the follow the below: If necessary, the cover the the
While holding the ALT the LOAD/EJECT the The the of the the If too high or the the with the micro-feed as follows: the turned If necessary, the cover the or single-sheet the LOAD/EJECT The MULTI-PART light to flash. You the while the MULTI- PART light to the or the LF/FF to feed the backward, as indicated the the buttons. the
While holding the ALT the LOAD/EJECT to the to the the LF/FF to the to higher the The MULTI-PART light the this turned off and back the The and If to the these the and the the reaches the factory-set the and feeding the factory as reference when the The the off the The to the factory when the turned
Tear finished the tear-off to the to the tear-off of the You then easily tear off sheets. the back to the This that normally You the tear-off turning DIP switch to tear-off or the TEAR OFF the If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the micro-feed Tear-off tear-off with DIP switch the to the tear-off when The to the tear-off only when the of or and three seconds. the tear-of to they off their and the when the tractor; the off the and the the
tear-off the following the turned off. Turn DIP switch Turn the tear-off and the tractor, the the to the tear-off Then tear off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off as the section the tear-off this chapter. the the back to the and (You manually the back to the the LOAD/EJECT or TEAR OFF the TEAR OFF Whether or the tear-off the TEAR OFF to to the tear-off following the below. finished. Then the TEAR OFF The the to the tear-off and the TEAR OFF light Tear off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off as the section. the the back to the and (You manually feed the back to the the LOAD/EJECT or TEAR OFF the
the tear-off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off following the below: the the tear-off and the TEAR While holding the ALT the LOAD/EJECT Tear off the the back to the and (You manually feed the back to the the LOAD/EJECT or TEAR OFF The and tear-off If to the these the and the the reaches the factory-set tear-off the and feeding the factory as reference when the tear-off OFF light to the tear-off to the or the LF/FF to the tear-off to higher the The the tear-off the
You of combining character and other You the or software. Character built-in character The character This rough and (LQ) fully-formed characters To the or LQ the FONT the the light to The selected another. With ESC/P to and and to the to Helvetica. They only, while the and LQ also. You and from the Scalable allow to when the software. The of each and the You increase the of the The below shows characters of the following and the
with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes the
with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes with wishes the
The following shows characters the and LQ the
C Orator-S the
OCR-B Character Character spacings of or (characters inch) and software commands or Chapter the character spacings each the or each character amount of the from character to character. lowercase than W. or The below the of spacing: This This This the
reduces the of characters to approximately of their allowing characters to This spreadsheets and other where to the amount of information You and spacing software commands or You The below shows and that allows users to the of the and the of the To follow these the off. both the LF/FF and LOAD/EJECT buttons while the the the This This
Next, or written the as shown below. To off the PAUSE to and then the off. the shown On the of the the formation the right of the printout,the appear as characters or, they as codesthey appear as the characters the text field or the exactly what to the the
Chapter Cut-Sheet acut-sheet Loading with the cut-sheet Loading or with the high-capacity cut-sheet Assembling the cut-sheet Switching and the cut-sheet Tractor Loading with the and the optional Interface Cards interface The C823051 /C823061 interface
Cut-Sheet cut-sheet with C80637* C80638* (High-capacity) This the which country. The cut-sheet to of and the high-capacity cut-sheet to of or to or both cut-sheet them as cut-sheet Assembling the cut-sheet This allows to of automatically. cut-sheet following the instructions the that with cut-sheet You follow the to the or high-capacity cut-sheet the turned off. the and the cover. If the the and the push-tractor If the optional the
the and optional them the cut-sheet If the cut-sheet to the the the paper-release the single-sheet the cut-sheet both and back the each the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the Release the and the cut-sheet the
the cover. You ready to with cut-sheet as the following section. cut-sheet the of the Loading with the cut-sheet using the cut-sheet as follows: Turn off the If necessary, the cover, the cover, and the the with the Next, the right to roughly match the of the to the
the the the and to allow of and Next, the and of the to the or the cut-sheet to of the the of the right that matches the of the allows the to and freely. the back to the the If necessary, the wires (that with the cut-sheet to the of the
the the notches the straight the mounting the the and then the to the the and the the cut-sheet installed, using the top or the front The cut-sheet when to the (as as the PAUSE light You from the cut-sheet the LOAD/EJECT button. Loading or with the high-capacity cut-sheet To using the high-capacity cut-sheet follow the below.
the the and right the the the with the the front of the cut-sheet then the back its Next, the right to roughly match the of the the
the each of the cut-sheet the the and to allow of and Next, the and of the to the to sheets of or to or the of the right that matches that the of the allows the to freely and Then the right back the or the cut-sheet
the each of the cut-sheet the back to the or the when the cut-sheet sheets the front or the the and The cut-sheet when to the (as as the PAUSE light You from the cut-sheet the LOAD/EJECT the of or them back
Assembling the cut-sheet You the cut-sheet to the high-capacity cut-sheet to cut-sheet Follow these the cover from the back of the high-capacity cut-sheet and Once the cut-sheet to the high-capacity cut-sheet them yourself. If to them,
the cut-sheet both the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the of the high-capacity cut-sheet the cut-sheet the high-capacity cut-sheet While the the cut-sheet together they securely together.
the assembled cut-sheet the the section cut-sheet earlier this chapter. each the sections earlier this chapter. The high-capacity cut-sheet becomes and the cut-sheet becomes Select the the Select The light of the selected You specify the software commands. You to the software. software Switching and the cut-sheet You easily switch and cut-sheet without the Switching to If sheets the path, the LOAD/EJECT to them. the paper-release to the push-tractor to of the first the perforation the perforation from below the cover. This the feed the properly and
Switching to the cut-sheet If the the TEAR OFF to the to the tear-off Tear off the Press the LOAD/EJECT The the to the The attached to the the path. the the single-sheet Tractor The optional tractors, C80019* (The the which to country.) The with the optional with the push-tractor instructions.) Loading with the and the optional tractor the turned off, the tractor the push-tractor and the paper-release the push-tractor backward. easily off their and the switch to the cut-sheet when the from the as
the cover, and them and off the the optional tractor the pull-tractor as Chapter The optional tractor the push-tractor the the tractor as Chapter Turn the Press the LOAD/EJECT to the and then the LF/FF to sheets of through the the the as Chapter the the right of the to clear when the off. Otherwise, the or to the top-of-form the paper-release to the pull-tractor
to of the first foward the perforation the perforation from below the cover. This the the properly and the gear the right of the and to the the and tractors. the notches the straight the mounting the both to the of the Slightly the and then it the the cover the front the the and then lowering the cover the cover and the
Interface Cards You optional interface to built-in interface. The interface below with (Not interfaces C823051/C823061 interface C823071/C823081 KB interface C82310* KB interface C82313* KB IEEE-488 interface This the which country. If whether optional interface or would to know about interfaces,
interface Follow the below to optional interface the turned off. the and the interface the screws from the interface cover. the to switches and the the interface that JG to or the properly. interface cover.
the interface the both of the interface to the the of the interface the internal the screws and to of the optional interface. of the interface the of the The C823051/C823061 interface To the C823051/C823061 interface the sections to the and other such as and the C823051/C823061 interface Selecting You from the following and second). To the the bit-rate selection the C823051/C823061 interface
the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) to that it the the increases to bytes, the X-ON or the DTR to (SPACE) to that ready to the The other including and
Chapter and Transportation Cleaning the the Ribbon Transporting the and Transportation
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly the turned off. Then as as the and tractor the optional and cut-sheet or to and If the or or dusty, with clean, cloth with-mild the cover and the to from the and Transportation or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the or the of the with the Warning: to the or
the Ribbon the becomes too to the the below ribbons to properly with their high operation and of the head and other other To the follow the the Chapter the optional when high operations, the Transporting the If to the and as below: Turn off the the from the then the interface from the the the optional and cut-sheet or and Transportation
the the the protective locking to the and then the the the push-tractor Repack the and the and them the and Transportation
Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
while operating through the section to then follow the recommended If the or service The and the OPERATE light that the the outlet properly. If the switch or another the outlet to whether the outlet operating properly. The OPERATE light and then off. The light off when the switched that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to The and the PAUSE light Press the PAUSE Troubleshooting
The PAUSE light off nothing that the software properly the softwares both of the interface the and the interface both the and specifications. If the built-in interface, shielded twisted-pair The and the PAPER OUT light the The sounds nothing printed. The properly. the section Chapter The the as Chapter The thickness incorrect. the paper-thickness Chapter The the sounds and the abruptly. Turn off the and or other If the correctly, Troubleshooting
The PAUSE light flashing and the or abruptly. The head overheated. the when the head Printed characters the The properly. the section Chapter The The the as that the paper-thickness correctly the the paper-thickness Chapter of the The head and to the head replaced. Either there too the or the the as Chapter The or characters that software printed. that the software correctly Troubleshooting
The selected the software the software. The characters printed. The character or the international character selected. the DIP-switch The characters than expected. Press the CONDENSED to too high or too the the top software or to to the the text the DIP switch that the line-feed to each The text with the of line-feed DIP switch off. incorrect. the software. Troubleshooting
match the of the the with DIP switches and the software and necessary. the One-inch DIP switch off. the perforation the of the the DIP-switch matches the of If software the top and DIP switch off. Turn DIP switch too the or the of the top of the to choose the when choose from softwares software to the type of (single-sheet or Troubleshooting
software to reduce or the top and to reduce the or clearing the the top-of-form. the to the top of the with the LF/FF clearing the optional interface, the or the what You trying to interface or with the specifications. the specifications to the interface or with this The and interface match. the the and match. The interface that the switch the interface turned You the of using the the Chapter If the properly, the operating properly, and the the the software, or the If the the and the feed. The PAUSE light Press the PAUSE Troubleshooting
single-sheet the and feed. The too to the right. the with the arrow the that the paper-release the single-sheet single-sheet the rotates feed. the firmly. or the LOAD/EJECT the rotates, the the The paper-release the the paper-release to the push-tractor The off the tractor. Remount the the tractor. from the the rotates the cut-sheet feed the The cut-sheet incorrectly the cut-sheet and as that the paper-release the single-sheet The pulled back the the head. Troubleshooting
There the OU too the cut-sheet You to sheets the cut-sheet and to or to or the high-capacity cut-sheet The cut-sheet or the You too sheets the cut-sheet You to the of the the and of single-sheet crooked or the Turn off the and the paper-release to the the and the following: the within the the with the of crooked or the that the paper-release the the supply or other that supply within of the The of supply the from feeding straight. that the the of the with each other. Also, the and their covers closed. Troubleshooting
that the paper-thickness correctly the that and thickness within the from the cut-sheet crooked. The or creased. of There too the the from the that the and quality. Chapter with the optional crooked or the The and correctly. the both tractors There the the of the to the of the and rotating the the right of the optional tractor. Single-sheet the LOAD/EJECT to the LF/FF The too that within the specified Troubleshooting
properly. The too Tear off the and from the that within the specified One of to when using the cut-sheet the software. Troubleshooting
Technical Specifications Specifications Mechanical InterfaceSpecifications Specificationsand Interfacetiming OptionSpecifications Technical Specifications
Specifications Quality Characters inch Characters/secand/line Quality Bidirectional text and graphics. Unidirectional graphics. (Unidirectional selected DIP switch or software command.) spacing: feed Specifications inch or 1/360-inch milliseconds 1/6-inch inches with feed
Printable KB or KB (DIP-switch Character You other font/ptich ESC/P commands. the command summary Chapter Technical Specifications
Character and graphics character Character international character and character sheets: top to to inches) front to to inches) inches) Thickness to to inches) to Single-sheet to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inches) to Technical Specifications and graphics character (others) to to
to to inches) to three Thickness to to inches) to to inches) to You with this however, increases and If this higher of inches) inches) inches) Thickness to to inches) to to inches) single-sheet the front only to to to forms. type only, only and Technical Specifications
inches) Thickness to to inches) to sheets The top inches). The and right inches). the inches). C The inches). Technical Specifications inches) and the top only. to
Continuous The top and and below the perforation) inches). The and right inches). the inches). Technical Specifications
C Mechanical Paper-feed Technical Specifications The top inches). The and right inches). The inches). Friction cut-sheet (optional) High-capacity cut-sheet (optional) cut-sheet combining both optional cut-sheet
Ribbon Black MTBF: hours head life: and expectancy: LQ dots/character: characters dots/character: characters (optional): LQ, dots/character): characters (with ribbon) (with ribbon) Technical Specifications
Rated Rated Rated Rated Rated Rated the the back of the the of Operation: to 35C to 95F) to 60C to 140F) (without to RH to RH Technical Specifications AC AC to to to AC to AC to to to 1.0A
Interface Specifications with interface. Specifications and assignments The built-in interface the following characteristics: Synchronization STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or The below the assignments and their respective interface Direction IN STROBE to STROBE than the DATA IN These DATA IN information to of DATA IN DATA IN and LOW when DATA IN DATA IN DATA IN ACKNLG OUT About LOW that received and that the ready to DATA IN of HIGH when respectively. Each Technical Specifications
Direction BUSY OUT HIGH the The HIGH the following each character) the PAUSE PE OUT HIGH that the of SLCT OUT to through AUTO IN this LOW, the FEED NC Not GND ground CHASSIS chassis ground, which GND isolated from the ground NC Not GND Twisted-pair ground INIT IN this becomes LOW, the to its when the first turned and the cleared, This normally HIGH; its than the Technical Specifications XT (The to LOW DIP switch to
Direction ERROR This becomes LOW when OUT the the PAUSE GND as NC Not OUT to through SLCT IN IN The DC1 /DC3 when this HIGH This LOW. The heading Direction to the of as from the the twisfed-pair return, to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the interface based the TTL Both the and of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this of the ACKNLG or when the BUSY LOW.) Technical Specifications
Interface The below shows the the interface. Option Specifications Cut-sheet and Cut-sheet C80637* High-capacity C80638 This the which to country. when mounted the include Technical Specifications Height inches) inches) inches) inches) inches) inches)
capacity C80637* to sheets of C80638* to bond) to Specification sheets Thickness to to inches) This the which country C80638* to of C80637* to to inches) C80638* to to inches) to to inches) to to (C80638* only) N/A to to inches) to to inches) to to inches) to to Technical Specifications
to 22C to 72F) to Operation: to 35C to 95F) to 60C to 140F) (without Operation: to RH to RH Envelope with the C80638* cut-sheet The to of three The turned The INIT from the interface LOW), Software the ESC command, You the PAUSE and ALT buttons the clear). Technical Specifications
The below shows the that when the initialized. Item Top-of-form and right Character pitch Font selection character and text the The DIP-switch Canceled inch or selection) Cleared Every characters selected Canceled Hardware: cleared Software/control only Technical Specifications
Command Summary the Command Summary Commands Topic feeding motion Font selection Font Spacing Character Graphics Command Summary
the Command Summary This the ESC/P You these commands to high ESC/P commands T, and H) and graphics. The following section and the commands topic. If If they explained. The indicated lowercase The below the indicated. ESC with ESC that to the and to turn off. ESC with ESC command with of If to purchase the ESC/P Reference information these commands. or Where to United States Users, earlier this Commands Topic ASCII Hex. ESC ESC Turn Unidirectional Command Summary on/off
feeding Hex, ASCII ESC Ejecting Select of CSF Select of CSF R the ESC EM command the the characters or and or or ASCII Hex. CR 0D FF 0C LF 0A Select 1/8-inch Spacing ESC Select 1/6-inch Spacing ESC ESC n/180-inch Spacing 2B n/360-inch Spacing Command Summary
ASCII Hex. ESC C ESC C ESC C ESC C ESC ESC ESC ESC Command Summary Format ESC Top Units ESC (C of of of inches 4E Margin Continuous of 4F Margin Continuous 6C Margin Right Margin right
motion ASCII Hex, ESC from The inch. ESC 5C Relative The inch and inch LQ ESC (V ESC ESC ESC (V from top Relative to Terminated Command
ASCII Hex. HT ESC VT 0B 4A ESC Font selection ASCII Hex. 6B ESC (ESC ESC Select ESC 4D Select ESC Select ESC Turn On/ off Select Quality or ESC ESC Select Font Command Summary selecting or H. to should Vertically n/180-inch Typeface 8:Orator-S C Quality 5:OCR-B
ASCII Hex. ESC Font ESC Select Font ESC Font Select Font Pitch and ESCX pitch to pitch or or T, and H) other typefaces). ESC with ESC P, M, or ESC Select To the of together the of the to from the below: 32:double-width Command Summary
Font ASCII Hex. SI DC2 SO ESC W1/0 DC4 ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Command Summary OF Select 0E Select Double-Width Turn Double-Width On/Off Double-Width Turn Double-Height On/Off Select Select
ASCII Hex. 2D Select ESC Strikethrough ESC-1/0 2D Turn On/Off ESC Select Character Normal Spacing ASCII Hex, ESC Intercharacter of of to the characters Units inch and inch (LQ and ESC (U Unit ESC (U positioning as inch or selected with Command Summary
ASCII Hex. ESC Motion Character ASCII Hex. ESC Assign Character Table ESC Assign Character Table and to or Character PC (USA) PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC (East PC PC PC (Icelandic** Not the the Command Summary (HMI) Pitch n/360-inch
ASCII Hex, ESC Select Character Table Select character assigned ESC or characters from to Select International Char. ESC USA Norway II UK II ESC Character ESC: 3A Copy ROM to RAM Typeface ESC Select Normal ESC first character character of character of character right of character each only L. Command Summary
ASCII Hex. ESC of With graphics character this the of ESC ESC ESC 5E as Characters Command Summary ESC (A amount of of as characters
ASCII Hex. ESC* Select 2A ESC Command Summary
Graphics ASCII Hex. ESC Graphics with ESC 2E Graphics ESC ESC. graphics The and allowed. Command Summary Select Graphics ESC (G or Cornpressed DPI DPI of
Character A-2 Character A-2 Graphics Character A-3 International Character A-8
Character These character selected DIP switches and or the ESC and ESC software commands. the graphics character the ESC and ESC software commands whether to 9F characters (ESC or (ESC the graphics character the through 7F. Therefore, the first shown completely. Character Table
Graphics Character PC (United States) PC PC860 A-3
A-4
A-5
A-6
Characters with ESC To the characters the the first the ESC (A command. A-7
International Character The following using the ESC software command. A-8
The following apply specifically to software that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and bidirectional/ which the head both This increases the of or which the of information or The of the memory to of information consisting of GL-1
character of numbers, and characters inch of the of text characters. the which each character of the of characters. or spreadsheets that each perforated and to such as or feed. characters inch. cut-sheet (CSF) optional, that of the GL-2
troubleshooting that the of the and the this the each it both and as ASCII characters. or that when the turned or initialized. DIP switches switches that functions and the of the when turned or initialized. DIP of which each or of double-height which each character as as double-width which each character as as One of of character high-speed Quality. GL-3
ESC/P The of the ESC/P command Commands this features, such as and graphics ESC/P This of commands software of from It and software computers. of typefaces, family and that the to the top-of-form To establish the of the turning the or INIT interface The the and the interface character or and interface which the characters This Also, character that characters and GL-4
Quality (LQ) One of readability and appearance reduced and that the The to which the loaded. It with the that to the and tear-off and to feed or backward, 1/180-inch inferface interface. The that the GL-5
The of which the It slightly than the physical of the to which the of the character from character to character. than lowercase The than typewritten RAM memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. To to its or INIT or turning the off and then back checking the of the the the information and the characters its ROM. The which the attached to the tractor the path. which each character about two-thirds the height, the of the character GL-6
which each character about two-thirds the height, the of the character fear off that the perforation of to the tear-off and then the back to the tear-off The the the to when the TEAR OFF or when tear-off the micro-feed the that the perforation the tear-off top-of-form The the that the as the first The the to this when the only. Unidirectional useful graphics allows than bidirectional characters Characters that and the the known as downloaded characters. GL-7