Cindy Mary Sign-off: COLOR INK JET PRINTER rights of this reproduced, or or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. EPSON, EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P of Corporation. EPSON service of America, Inc. copyright Software Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The EPA of or service. Copyright Inc. Printed with least MT, A5 title
Cindy Mary Sign-off: MT, A5 front cover thickness switch thickness cover interface interface cover1
MT, A5 FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of Apple Warranty Apple Computer, Inc. (Apple) warranties, or implied, including without the warranties of merchantability and the Apple software. Apple warrant, or the or the of the of the Apple software terms of its correctness, reliability, currentness, or otherwise. The as to the and performance of the Apple software The of The apply to its directors, officers, or to or indirect (including of business profits, business of business information, and the of the or to the Apple software Apple of the of such allow the or of or the apply to Apples to from whatsoever, and of the of the action (whether tort [including or otherwise), to
Cindy MT, A5 Introduction Mary Sign-off: Introduction The EPSON COLOR high-quality that to of to It and art. The allows to quietly, workspace The COLOR easy to and You and the software as this The built-in and interfaces, to IBM PC or Apple Macintosh. You both the switches interfaces as with software both the PC and the This software includes that and choose from of You to quality, or effects. to selections easy, both include which the the type of Introduction
MT, A5 Introduction the of To the highest should know of the that to of the amount of that the The higher the the and the and the to measured inch three or and the high-quality and enough, information, or Chapter Macintosh). type and Although with using coated or they as To the EPSON offers coated and that specially the the You these products directly from EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. information about and other Chapter EPSON and specially to with EPSON and the software to the EPSON and them. Other products covered warranty. Introduction
aspect of to that each If information about the software. If Macintosh, Both include to the as easy as If You New to with the EPSON COLOR whether graphics, photographs, or containing types. the following amount of to photographic 40MB or of the To reduce the and of and software. because of the to the and type of the the of and the type of interface than the the worth MT, A5 Introduction Introduction
MT, A5 Introduction exactly match the and to the If using the through another that affects the and combining red, and bluethe RGB to turning and off the red, and phosphors each the Colors this from yellow, and inkthe CMYK closely match type, and or other If matching with software If software to the to match Also, include that the EPSON that this the efficiency. The EPA that computers, and other peripheral and would reduced tons. of to Introduction
to If isnt off when using Turn off and each when them. the option software something catch If to rather than Not only this and to This This the information to and Chapter the and connecting the to and the Software, and the IBM PC. Chapter and the Software, and the Chapter to the right or other and MT, A5 Introduction Introduction
MT, A5 Introduction Chapter the instructions the through its the software, and the Chapter instructions cleaning the heads, the cleaning the the and Chapter Troubleshooting, and Technical Specifications, the specifications the COLOR and Character the EPSON ESC/P and IBM X24E commands the and shows the built-in character and the of the Where to If purchased the United States or EPSON and service through of Authorized EPSON Customer EPSON the following services when EPSON technical information Product and products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Customer Introduction
Technical information the installation, and operation of EPSON Customer You purchase and EPSON products from EPSON (U.S. BUY-EPSON locations. If purchased the United States or EPSON or the location and service. If with software that technical information. Services If the to helpful specifications, and EPSON products through the services below. World If connected to the and World to Whats New, EPSON Products, EPSON SM Corporate Info, and EPSON to the EPSON the and (Frequently and the EPSON Chat To with EPSON around the EPSON includes Information EPSON MT, A5 Introduction Introduction
MT, A5 Introduction EPSON FTP If to the and FTP and from FTP FTP or to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON service You the EPSON technical information or To information, EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service software to with and to software information. EPSON CompuServe CompuServe the America CompuServe. If already type GO EPSON the to reach the If currently introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: introductory CompuServe ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication Introduction
To of this offer, the United States and and other countries, the following U.S. or CompuServe Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively. Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating or cover the the or through the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using the as or that switch and off. the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following MT, A5 Introduction Introduction
MT, A5 Introduction If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Introduction
Cindy Mary Sign-off: Chapter the IBM Compatible PC Choosing Location the Removing the Protective Removing the Transportation Screw Attaching the and Turning On the the Cartridges Loading Testing the Connecting the to PC Connecting the to MT, A5 Chapter the
MT, A5 Chapter This chapter to and to to the the front of this to the while the the section below (PC or to the following IBM Compatible PC To and its with PC, these or Microsoft Workgroups or At least 8MB of RAM of 40MB of shielded, twisted-pair to to to the interface; the D-SUB, the and the VGA or higher the
To with Macintosh, these or the or or At least 8MB of RAM with least 40MB of to and The amount of the and of Apple System/Peripheral-8 M0197) or (RS-422, DIN You purchase the following from EPSON Accessories: F2V024-06 to II, 6-foot to or F2V024-10 to II, 10-foot to Choosing Location choosing location the that and locations to and humidity. the from sunlight, heat and of interference, such as the of telephones. around the to its MT, A5 Chapter the
MT, A5 Chapter the to this should include four EPSON Notice and these items: the Protective You protective around and and the Follow the the Notice with the to the protective and protective to the the It should its or the Transportation Screw the there screw the head to the which using the
the the front of the Then the cover. the screw turning its counterclockwise, as shown below. Then off the the screw Chapter information the the cover. MT, A5 Chapter the
MT, A5 Attaching the the the of the the the back of the and Turning On the Follow these to and the the screw and protective from around and the information.) the
the turned off the of the POWER switch, as shown below. the properly grounded Turn the the POWER switch. the Cartridges Follow the this section to both the or installed, the Warning: The self-contained ordinary from If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the them or they become too the MT, A5 Chapter the
MT, A5 Chapter the and the cover. the the about seconds the head slightly to the The light flashing. the head hand; the to each of the to them. (If this within seconds the the head back to its right. If this the protective
the protective from the the right. the and the the from the top of each the their with the facing and the arrow the top the back of the The which the right; the the MT, A5 You the yellow from the top of each the permanently the from the of the the
MT, A5 Chapter to both The the they Once the the or the to them with ones. Once that the head. Press the to the head to its the head back to its about seconds the the the charges the This about and the light flashes the off the when the light flashing. the
the light flashing, then the cover. To the cleaning the heads. You the cleaning when the awhile without or when turn off awhile. You to manually cleaning Chapter The of with the amount of text and graphics You to when the or NN lights flashing or instructions. to to EPSON and them. Other products covered warranty. Loading The following to instructions or and Chapter You to of with the facing The with arrow specifications, A.) MT, A5 Chapter the
MT, A5 Chapter the the front of the and the that the thickness which the the and the correctly. If necessary, the to the the thick
If to the the the and the to the as as MT, A5 Chapter the
MT, A5 of to the to the that the right of the the right of the the the of the then the to the the of and Then to the the
the of straight the and then the This that the properly loaded. You to of the arrow the of the the ready to the Testing the the to functioning properly. the that least inches Press the POWER switch to off the MT, A5 Chapter turn off the or turning off off the the POWER switch. the
MT, A5 Chapter the Cleaning NN the while the POWER switch to the The the first and of the first of to the length. Then character the the and The the and While the to the To the off the while it If the of the the heads as Chapter Connecting the to PC If connecting the to IBM PC follow the this section. You shielded, twisted-pair to to to the built-in interface. The D-SUB, and the both the and turned off. the
the of the securely the interface Then the together they both If ground wire, to the ground below the interface the of the the interface. (If necessary, information.) Turn the the POWER switch and then turn Chapter instructions and the software. MT, A5 the
MT, A5 Chapter Connecting the to To the to the interface, Apple M0197) or both and turned off. of the interface to the the back of the as shown. the other of the to the or the Macintosh, with these icons: Turn the the POWER switch. Turn Macintosh. Chapter instructions and the software. the EM-17,EM-18
Cindy Mary Sign-off: Chapter and the Software the Software the Software the Software DOS Accessing the Accessing the From Applications Accessing the From Accessing the From the Accessing From Accessing From MT, A5 and the Software
MT, A5 Chapter This chapter to and the COLOR software PC. If Macintosh, instead. The software includes which allows to the to the The choose from of to the appearance of The software includes the which and the which to the of Chapter information the and Chapter instructions using the to of software the Software If follow the the section to the software. If instructions. the Software and turned and the the You the the Command type A:SETUP (or B:SETUP the B). Press or OK and the Software
the highlight COLOR and OK The copying the You showing the of the as proceeds. the to and Click OK the the EPSON containing these icons: EPSON EPSON COLOR EPSON ReadMe the that the OK to The selects the EPSON COLOR as It assigns the to LPT1. If this matches to information the If to the or the assignment, the section. If the software and to to the This the correctly MT, A5 Chapter and the Software
MT, A5 the or If to the EPSON COLOR as or to follow these the the Double-click the The appears. To the the to as from the Then the button. If to the assignment the EPSON COLOR to To the assignment, EPSON COLOR the Click the You the the the to which to assign the EPSON COLOR (Click instructions selecting other options the Click OK to the Click to the the instructions the and the Software
the Software Follow these to the using the plug-and-play the connected to the Turn off the and they Turn the first; then the If the You the New If the New found follow the the while instead. the Click the from already selected). of the other buttons. Click OK You the From the If the A, OK the the Copy from and OK MT, A5 Chapter and the Software
MT, A5 Chapter At the the that the type the To the as the applications, the Click the button. The the from to the to and Then OK the the the containing the following EPSON EPSON COLOR EPSON ReadMe the OK The to the the selected. to information and the and the Software
the while If the the follow these to the the Double-click the Double-click the [A:] or [B:]. Double-click the The EPSON appears. Select COLOR the then OK to the installation. The copying from the to and Click OK the the the containing the following EPSON EPSON COLOR EPSON ReadMe the installation OK information the Accessing the From MT, A5 Chapter and the Software
MT, A5 Chapter DOS DOS software include EPSON ESC/P If the COLOR software, choose the first the below. with software to COLOR or included with of software. as as and white, select: LQ-860 LQ-2550 and white only, select: LQ-870/1170 LQ-570(+)/1070(+) SQ-870/1070 LQ-850 LQ-500 These features, such as and MicroWeave. and the Software
Accessing the You the to the select: If the to apply to the the following section. If the to apply to the as or Accessing the From Applications If to the only the software currently the choosing or from the of If choose the directly and the shown If choose first The the including the of and the To the choose the or (You to another option, software The through apply the of with that Once the the to the selected through the or (or the MT, A5 Chapter and the Software
MT, A5 Chapter Accessing the From Follow these to the from the Double-click the the group. Double-click the Choose EPSON from the of Choose You the shown Accessing the From Follow these to the from the group: Double-click the Double-click the Right-click the EPSON COLOR (or the and then the Select Click the You the shown and the Software
the the the There of (shown and Graphics. These which the and the appearance of the to which the of MT, A5 and the Software
MT, A5 Chapter The includes selected, the chooses the the of to printed. It the and each the to the It to with the to other the You should the following to the selections the the type of to printed: business graphics, photographs, or whether or the type of or other the of loaded. The to learn about to the It the options each and to the information The following the each (with type). the software periodically, of options slightly than the shown and the Software
Graph Graphics) (Photographic coated coated High-quality Transparency MicroWeave (On, High On A4 A4 (Centered) B5 (Centered) (Centered) Envelope Envelope DL A6 used) (On, (On, or Source Sheet MT, A5 Chapter and the Software
MT, A5 Chapter Graphics matching matching halftoning Dithering Dithering These options as appears the There the the To the the to and the to the arrows or the to choose the option. this each to and then the Apply the of the to to the other necessary) and the If or then to back to the You this or applying OK to the and the and the Software Match business graphics Match photo Match
If selecting Apply and to them, the This the information about the easily the It of the and DOS applications. Accessing From To from the while the the of the Then the topic with. To from the EPSON and the EPSON You the If instructions to the the Accessing From To from the while the the of the Then the topic with. MT, A5 and the Software
MT, A5 Chapter related to item the right-click the then the Whats This? To from the to and then EPSON You the If instructions to the the and the Software
Sign-off: Chapter and the Software the Software the Chooser to Select the the Accessing the Color/Halftone Effects Selecting and MT, A5 Chapter and the Software
MT, A5 This chapter to and the COLOR software If PC, Chapter instead. The software includes which allows to the to the The such as type, and The that with the software and the and to of software the Software Follow the below to the and other Turn To off protection the software, the while or installation, the without to the protection the EPSON If necessary, the to the the information and its the README the and the Software
Double-click the to the software. the You the following Click the to the and its (Although the them individually, to the The and its below. the that the interface to the directly to Macintosh. that to the You background the Chooser to this information, the MT, A5 Chapter and the Software
MT, A5 Chapter the and information, the EPSON track of the of and when information, the Utility Chapter ColorSync and Profiles matches the with the displayed this when photographs or graphics. To this to the Access the ColorSync Profile through the and the Profile from the of that appears, and then Select the Custom the pull-down Click the to information each Click to the software Follow the the to and the completed, to the and The the and the EPSON the follow the instructions the section to the the Chooser. and the Software
the Chooser to Select the the follow the below to the You to choose the the first or whenever to another the selected.) Follow these to choose the the Chooser the Apple You the Chooser Click the You to the and the connected Click the Confirm You that selecting Click OK You to MT, A5 Chapter and the Software chooser
MT, A5 Chapter If the COLOR shown, OK If the shown, the turned off or connected properly. Turn the necessary, and the then RETRY If the the selection the Chooser and through Turn background clicking the On the background while other (You background to the to as Chapter least 8MB of RAM to background Background the and software while the background. If the the of inactive clicking the Inactive to the closing the Chooser.) If the active. the Chooser. You to the applications; OK the as the section. and the Software
the The with the as the The includes option the This option the each of the and then the halftoning automatically. Accessing the You the from within and from the however, to the or the as The when or each and the MT, A5 and the Software
MT, A5 Chapter To the choose from the of You to the shown below. (The software To the choose the You the following and the Software pic-13new
The following the with factory type. of each follow the title Color/Halftone (CMYK) Effects On, Color/Halftone The following the the and the halftone MT, A5 Chapter halftoning Dithering Dithering ColorSync Light Transparency Coated Coated HQ MicroWeave On, High On On, On, Invert On, On, and the Software
MT, A5 Chapter This (CMYK) or CMYK to the yellow, and (K). These to of the If and selected, the to to (CMYK) If and and white the the CMYK to This and white with higher This of halftoning Dithering Dithering B, ColorSync and To of correction the each of and the If to the halftone manually, follow these to text or art. it when Dithering and Dithering dithered relatively and charts, and other that of bright Dithering with and Select Dithering with and the Software
photographic It and these the photographs. ColorSync the to match with the Select ColorSync when photographs or graphics. You ColorSync and Additionally, the ColorSync The ColorSync with the shown below. Coated Coated HQ If software instead of the of the three The the Preferences ColorSync Profiles They as follows: 720C_ED_720 coated with 360C_ED_360 coated with and HQG_ED_720 high-quality with To of instead, to with of the to permanently the first with another or to another it Then with the MT, A5 Chapter and the Software
MT, A5 Select when with or This increases the and sharpness to clearer. The that allow to apply or the the the the the to the right and to the and lighter that increasing the amount of the to The ColorSync or when selected. The quality. With of or the amount of to The higher the the and the the choose this MicroWeave turned and High off. EPSON coated or high-quality This good-quality, memory and than EPSON coated and the Software
and enough, Selecting the type the the type of loaded. of the following: Transparency Coated Coated HQ The type the select, as shown the following to the the type. Coated HQ Coated Coated only) Transparency information when to each type, MT, A5 Chapter and the Software
MT, A5 Chapter MicroWeave MicroWeave reduces the of the light that turn MicroWeave, the graphics and It the recommended and the text and art, off to these of MicroWeave switched whenever the selected and switched off High High the bidirectional reducing the to Bidirectional fast, the off High If the appear when High the as the to graphics, and art with edges. It to using this and increase memory Additionally, to and correctly. that the selected If this off or memory. and the Software
Effects The following allow to the to effects. and the the or Text then appears backwards or to white and white to This option when and printed. the as they appear If off (the to halftones. Normally should off when Selecting and the inches) To choose the of You to the following: MT, A5 Chapter and the Software pic9new
MT, A5 You of the following inches) (Centered) (Centered) inches) A4 inches) A4 (Centered) Envelope inches) inches) Envelope DL of the the the software slightly Select the of the the clicking of the following buttons: the top of the with the of the the top of the with the of the the the It to the using the To reduce or the the or and and the Software
To the the You the following Click New to the the New Then the the and Height boxes. Click or to the necessary. Click OK to the and to the MT, A5 Chapter and the Software
MT, A5 Chapter and the Software
Cindy Mary Sign-off: Chapter Choosing and Other the Thickness and the Thickness the Thickness Loading and Other Loading and Loading MT, A5 Chapter
MT, A5 Chapter this chapter information about choosing the or other and instructions them Choosing and Other You with and Coated and they reduce the amount of that the coated or enough the smear. To the EPSON and that the EPSON These include the following: EPSON coated this when EPSON coated this when EPSON high-quality this with to EPSON high-quality within months of the EPSON EPSON within months of the when To EPSON and or EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. the following when
or other coated inches) S041062 inches) S041048 coated inches) S041060 High-quality inches) S041072 Transparency inches) S041064 the Thickness and should the thickness and to they correctly the type of or other the the or the Thickness The thickness the right of the (including coated and and thick MT, A5 thick
MT, A5 Chapter the to the that the or other to as shown the following type thickness coated, or Transparency or Thick the Thickness You to the of the thickness when thick (such as or or smear. To the the cover; the the back corner. thickness If smeared, the thickness to the of the type) and
the thickness to the that the or other to as shown the following type Thickness coated, or or Previously smeared Loading and Other This section to coated and instructions Chapter coated or the following the of the the of the the their The and reduce quality. coated within of purchase. high-quality and within months. the thickness and the the MT, A5 Chapter
MT, A5 Chapter high-quality or each from the immediately. each You of follow the instructions Chapter sheets and to their as as high humidity, and sunlightcan the Follow other the following Loading and The following to coated and You to the following of the sheets of coated If coated than to the arrow the of the sheets of with of beneath the the of high-quality with of beneath the sheet the to the If of of beneath and
If of the top inches To with top and Follow these to or the the front of the and the If to the MT, A5
MT, A5 Chapter the of the and the to the while the the then the to the the of and Then to the the of straight and and then the This that the properly the path.
the the whiter than the other and the when the as shown the below. the and other they the or loaded. instructions, Chapter or Chapter Loading specifications the thickness and of the A. that or or that too thin; they Also, choose Follow these to the thickness and thickness to the as MT, A5 Chapter
MT, A5 You to the with the front facing as shown. the the straight the path. the and other they the loaded. Chapter or Macintosh.)
Cindy Mary Sign-off: the the Lights the the the the the MT, A5 Chapter the
MT, A5 This chapter to the following: the the and the the the The lights the and buttons as this section. Since from software, to the software to whenever (Software usually Lights On when the Flashes or and head cleaning and the
Flashes when the On when the or The the or NN Flashes when the On when the or The the On when the of Flashes there to the functions below, while turning the as Cleaning the head cleaning Chapter instructions. Cleaning NN the head cleaning Chapter instructions. Loads or of The normally and automatically. MT, A5 Chapter If the You to with the switching to To this, off the it and the
MT, A5 The below functions to the these operations. Cleaning NN POWER switch the and Testing the Chapter information. Cleaning Cleaning NN POWER switch connected to PC, containing representation of the to the troubleshooting Chapter holding Cleaning and Cleaning NN seconds turning the Then To to clear the path. Then off the Cleaning POWER switch Prints of the and holding the Cleaning seconds turning the To the and then off. POWER switch the and instruction the seconds turning the To off the information. the
Cleaning POWER switch and instruction the this from DOS from the the EPSON to to the This allows to software while to the the assigns the to the and then the EPSON to to the The appears the EPSON appears the corner; EPSON appears the The included the EPSON or other operations when the EPSON the of the or the to the MT, A5 Chapter the
MT, A5 Chapter The which to the shown below, allows to the of the and Stop or the The Stop the the the and from the the whole or the If the to appear each off the the and to turn off; the to the option disappears. Other options the EPSON allow to and choose what information to the and and Click information. the
If while trying to the caused conflicts with other temporary or Chapter information. the If the appears the (as shown below) each It includes the amount of the and that reports the of The to MT, A5 the
MT, A5 Chapter The reports the operating of the appearance of the the right corner, as shown below. The of displayed graphically as to the the If Macintosh, the to the of that The allows to the Follow these using background the Chooser already). the Chooser to Select the instructions. the Checking the Checking the occurred. The ready. The The or
Click the the right of the and the that appears. (The of the the software Select from the You to the following: The currently printed. Waiting to when the completed. To the of the and then the The the operating If displays You this to the or MT, A5 Chapter the
MT, A5 Chapter Follow these Double-click the EPSON You the following Click and then whether connected to the or of Macintosh. If while the active, appears. If when the inactive, tone sounds and the flashes the top of the Applications the Applications and EPSON to the the
The the once three as the the To the then choose If to the amount of or the then The following appears. finished, the While the appear the Click OK the finishes to the The with this To the the the EPSON MT, A5 Chapter the
MT, A5 Chapter the Additional through the the factory to the of users, rarely to the functions below. If necessary, however, the and the using the buttons. The below the and options, with type. follow the Font T, Pitch Interface interface seconds seconds Software ESC/P IBM X24E CR (IBM only) On AGM (IBM only) On Character PC437 PC850, PC860, PC861, PC863, PC865, BRASCII, U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, Spain On Network interface On Loading Thick Envelope On the
the head the The options and the head only to the graphics and the head both the as as selected, the switches bidirectional and graphics Font and Pitch Select the built-in and character pitch as the Normally software to the and pitch. The Font and Pitch (characters inch). Interface Selects the active interface. The allows the to switch as the and interfaces. might to the to or interface the the to from the interface (and from the other interface) when using the interface You or Software the to EPSON ESC/P or IBM X24E. If software allows to EPSON ESC/P choose the advanced and graphics. CR that the and the the right of the (Used IBM X24E only.) MT, A5 Chapter the
MT, A5 Chapter AGM Graphics that the high-resolution, graphics commands. (Used IBM X24E only.) Character Selects the of characters and that printed. The the U.S.A. character If commonly containing or other characters the U.S.A. character to character of the character B. that character the command. off. If text top of another, feed. Network interface If connected to this off (the If when the connected to computers, Network interface Loading the top to the the first The or Normally should software to the top of Thick Select Index or Envelope these the character. this rough only. (The off.) the
the To the the buttons; the lights selections. the turned off and loaded. the and the to the the instruction the instructions to the from the the and then off the to the You the turning off the them If to the the and the MT, A5 Chapter the
MT, A5 Chapter the
Cindy Mary Sign-off: Cleaning the Heads Cartridges Selecting the Correct Cartridges Removing and Cartridges Cleaning the the the the DOS the the From the Transporting the MT, A5 Chapter
MT, A5 Chapter Instructions this chapter to the following to and Clean the heads the Clean the the the Cleaning the Heads The cleans its heads automatically, normally should to manually cleaning cleaning to the head they properly. To wasting cleaning necessary. You or both heads, (You clean them both Each cleaning about which the and hear the recharging the heads. The light flashes throughout the cleaning and then when the finished. To clean the head, the turned Press the Cleaning NN The cleaning the cleaning the light flashing. To the head, the Cleaning button. The cleaning when the light flashing.
the heads, off the then the Cleaning as the back holding seconds turning the This If the the cleaning to least cleaning to the cleaning If the clean the heads three to each cleaning), and the or of (as the section), or authorized EPSON servicer. Cartridges The NN lights when and when to them. If of these lights flashes, the indicated to the its light to. If its light flashes, the with the the the ready to with Attempting to without the If to the of off and then turn back This the the and MT, A5 Chapter and
MT, A5 Chapter Once the the or the to them with ones. Once the empty, with the switching to To this, the off, then back Then though the the the To switch back to the as this chapter, and then off and back to the and to If the empty, the Selecting the Correct Cartridges these EPSON Black S020093 S020097 or EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. EPSON and them. Other products covered warranty.
Removing and Cartridges Follow these to or both the and and that of the lights flashing or turned the the front of the necessary) and then the cover. the about seconds the head slightly to the The light flashing. the to The of the (If this within seconds the to its right. If this MT, A5 Chapter the head with hand. the to
MT, A5 the of the and of the or try to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the the and the from its protective the from the top of the
the its with the facing and the arrow to the back of the the MT, A5 Chapter You the from the top of the the permanently the from the of the
MT, A5 Chapter Once the or the to with Once this the head. Press the The the head to its right) and the light flashes as the charges the The light to while the the charging operation. off the while the light as this charging of the the the head back to its about seconds the the charging finished (the light flashing), the cover. the ready Cleaning the If to the follow these Turn off the and connected to to the closed as or other from the clean and with
Clean the of the with cloth the cover closed to from To of the with cloth. or thinner to the these chemicals the and the or these scratch the allow to the or the with or they the mechanisms. the the factory that text and graphics properly If however, the as the following You to this the to location, that Turn off then the Cleaning as the back holding the Cleaning seconds turning the the too MT, A5 Chapter
MT, A5 Chapter the If PC, follow the below to the If the the If using the EPSON the EPSON to the If first the closed Then to and then EPSON to the the OK selected the Item, the the head to The Black Click Next the selected correct. If which the connected to, utility. Then Next that the selected and the to the and that this connected to the selected. the the and loaded. Then Next to the Click the (If than the this section, through to and each
Click Next to the This with Highlight the of the with the appearance and Next to the Click Next to to the To the and the DOS If to the from DOS PC, follow the below. This to DOS with or without these without If the software the A:\SETUP (or B:\SETUP the DOS and Follow the the to the software, and when prompted. the to the and directory that the (or the to the directory). The directory C:\CALIBRAT Then type ECALIB and You the EPSON selected. If follow the instructions the to the from the shown. MT, A5 Chapter
MT, A5 Chapter Follow the instructions the to choose the head to Then Next the and loaded. Then Next to the Select the (If than the this section, through to and each Select Next to the This numbered with Select the of the with the appearance and then Next to the To the and the the If follow the below to If the to it the Double-click the to the the to type, choose from the and OK Select the to which connected.
the the to the the Choose pull-down this to the pattern(s) that to calibrated. the and the the Choose pull-down the shown to then The Each associated with offset the that closely the printed, the of the that closely the and OK and that of the To the Turn off the to the The with the only when off the MT, A5 Chapter that the selected and the to the and that this connected to the selected. the
MT, A5 Chapter the From the If reason of the that with the from the This the Follow these the turned off and loaded. the Cleaning and buttons and the to the The instruction English, and Spanish that shows to Follow these instructions. the the turning off the Transporting the If to follow these the turned off. the and that the heads the right If the about seconds, and off. the when the the without the the the from the Disconnect the interface from the
from the and the the screw to the head to the as shown below. the and the other protective to the the Notice that with the the and the to the as If with the clean the heads as If the the as this chapter. MT, A5 Chapter
MT, A5 Chapter
Cindy Mary Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting Quality With Other MT, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting
MT, A5 Chapter This chapter what It these Indicators. This section indicated the lights. Quality this section the or what With this section this section or other with the section and follow that apply to to the ReadMe the EPSON or the README the the information. the If of the Where to the Introduction. the lights. operating or the lights or flashing unexpectedly, the following of light and the corrective actions should The light the the then the to turn off the light. The If the properly; and straight and Troubleshooting
The light flashing. the Turn off the and the of the If tears and the the cover and the of The the light flashing, the nearly empty. the NN light flashing, the nearly empty. the indicated the flashing light as Chapter and the If the light the with (S020093). If the NN light the with (S020097). the empty, the to switch to the off and back then the Printing the light flashing; and the NN and lights Turn off the seconds and try If the cleared, or authorized EPSON servicer. and lights flashing. or authorized EPSON servicer. MT, A5 Chapter or NNN light flashing. or NNN light Troubleshooting
MT, A5 Chapter The light nothing The interface securely. both of the the and the interface both the and specifications. software properly The too It too than months or the its First cleaning the heads as Chapter If appear, to the Chapter Quality To the of to and Chapter instructions. often cleaning the heads as to something, such as cleaning to the cleaning If cleaning the heads quality, the following: the of the NN lights to whether the If the as Chapter or MicroWeave and turn off High higher EPSON coated and or EPSON high-quality only). Troubleshooting and
high-quality when the matches the type of or other the If and the right, first to the software If the following Printed what or or You the of the On coated the white coated or with the the right of the and each as it to smearing the that the thickness and thickness correctly the type. Chapter information.) or with these incorrect higher Also, that the the the type of or other the If when EPSON coated or EPSON high-quality whether selected the the Chapter whether or to or MT, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting
MT, A5 Chapter If graphics or MicroWeave and High off. that the Brightness and or the the option to the the with the the VGA or the of updated information the Clean or both heads as Chapter or both as or as Chapter You light Turn MicroWeave the If light the heads as The incorrect or characters. EPSON COLOR selected as the or the selected the Chooser If the turned off the or instructions. Troubleshooting
the EPSON or the Select or then or If incorrect or characters, to the with Chapter instructions. If the with software or connected securely and troubleshooting information. If with EPSON or authorized EPSON servicer. You incorrect EPSON COLOR selected as the or the selected the Chooser If or appear selected the NOT halftoning the that the Brightness and or the If the the and match with the to to and to closely match MT, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting
MT, A5 If from DOS text or graphics appear turn off the to Chapter instructions. Clean the head as The light or or The thickness correctly. The or thick Chapter You selected the Turn this off the the to off. The head cleaning. Clean or both heads to three too high or too the or the or what selected the option the Chapter or software to the the of or the to match the the of the as Chapter Troubleshooting
With If the to first that the Then that the outlet that switch or that the interface securely connected to the and If this correct, the following and the light the or incorrectly. the correctly; then the to the light off and and the light flashing. the Turn off the and the If tears off the the cover and the this chapter information. You memory PC and the The options the memory. If or to these try closing reducing the of turning off the or increasing memory. The with correctly to You to the to the correctly Chapter instructions. MT, A5 Troubleshooting
MT, A5 Chapter The sounds nothing The heads cleaning. instructions. One or both or too too than months or the its First the heads as Chapter If this the the You PC of conflicts. to the the EPSON them temporary directory. If or the caused other temporary this directory. To the directory, follow these directory to the C:\SPLTEMP. the EPSON or and the COLOR selected, and then the Select the the directory to the created If the this checked. (It should Then OK the and Directory Troubleshooting
the the directory to the created Then OK the The EPSON COLOR selected as the or the selected the Chooser selected the option the Chapter or or instructions. the selected software the directly influenced the of high and significantly increase the amount of to processed, these factors the of and You using that graphics and text To text only, off MicroWeave and High You the of and allow to these this the possibly using and off MicroWeave when of high-quality graphics or photographs. MT, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting
MT, A5 Chapter as as expected. The the amount of If often with graphics and text with white than with of white The head cleaning cleaning necessary. If its light flashes, the that when correctly with the the appear with the The with the Double-click the EPSON the and the this checked. Then bidirectional Click and Double-click the EPSON COLOR the and Click the and the this option turned Click OK The should appear when The to On PC, release that the EPSON and or Then the and To that the the and there the option. Troubleshooting
On Macintosh, release that the Click the right of the and from the Click shown Waiting and EPSON COLOR selected as the or the selected the Chooser If try to the with Chapter instructions. If with EPSON or authorized EPSON servicer. If the with software or securely and troubleshooting information. On PC, the to the and software To first off the Then the Cleaning NN buttons while the The the from the the to technician. MT, A5 Chapter and Cleaning Troubleshooting
MT, A5 Chapter This section to and that properly. higher that and too thin, too thick, or rough. EPSON and high-quality specifications. the of If try turning the The facing too the You to of sheets of of (with of beneath the or of high-quality (with of beneath the The properly. the and the the straight and then the or The of The too thin or thick; and type specifications. Troubleshooting
The to humidity, specifications The too tight or too the of the Too sheets the You to of sheets of of (with of beneath the or sheets of high-quality (with of beneath the Other If the following The than the of and to the Then the The too thin or thick, or to humidity; specifications. the thickness and thickness correctly type; Chapter instructions. the and the software to that selected the the and software. MT, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting
MT, A5 Chapter the to the The too that within the Technical Specifications A. Ejected The too thin or or feeding crooked. The or creased. only smooth of Too the sheets. The the and specifications. The too tight or too correctly the of Troubleshooting
Cindy Mary Sign-off: Technical Specifications A-2 A-3 Cartridges A-6 Mechanical A-7 A-7 A-8 A-8 A-8 Interface Specifications A-9 Interface A-9 Interface A-14 A-15 A-16 MT, A5 Technical Specifications A-1
MT, A5 each Printable and Character pitch (characters inch) (characters second) condensed) condensed) software and amount of covered. based with milliseconds -inch 56KB Bidirectional with text and graphics; and ESC/P and expanded graphics IBM X24E feeding: -inch -inch, or -inch Character and graphics character Character and International character A-2 Technical Specifications
Since the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or path: top of Sheet capacity: sheets of EPSON coated sheets of EPSON high-quality (with of beneath the or each loaded) of (with of of sheets: inches) A4 inches) B5 A6 inches) inches) coated high-quality and Thickness to inch to to to and MT, A5 Technical Specifications A-3
MT, A5 inches DL inches or Thickness to inch to to to weight A4 inches) Thickness to inch to reduce and and other If switch to higher of coated high-quality and these to 77F to 25C) Humidity: to RH (High-quality to relative humidity.) or and The following EPSON S041062 S041048 coated S041060 S041072 High-quality S041064 Transparency A-4 Technical Specifications
sheets BL BR The top inch of the top inches BL The inch BR The right inch and inch and and inch A4 inch DL inches C The inch MT, A5 BL A-1 BR C C Technical Specifications A-5 A-2
MT, A5 Cartridges Black (S020093): Black capacity* (A4 Cartridge life* years from and to months the 77F (25C) to 104F to 40C) month 104F (40C) to 140F to 60C) month 104F (40C) hours 140F (60C) 24.8F (4C) inches (W) inches (D) inches (H) (W) (D) (H) (S020097): Colors and capacity* (A4; of each Cartridge life* years from and to months the 77F (25C) to 104F to 40C) month 104F (40C) to 140F to 60C) month 104F (40C) hours 140F (60C) 24.8F 4C) inches (W) (D) inches (H) (W) (D) (H) and If often graphics and with white than with of white head cleaning The thaws approximately hours 77F (25C). A-6 Technical Specifications
EPSON and them. Other products covered warranty. the the Mechanical feed Friction with top (A4 and inches Height inches without to Rated to to Rated (ISO MT, A5 inches inches Height inches without Technical Specifications A-7
MT, A5 to 95F to 35C) to 140F to 60C) month 104F (40C) hours 140F (60C) Humidity: Operation to RH to RH (without UL with D3, CSA with D3 RFI: FCC Fonts The with of which the the the with software The to the when software allow to You other and pitch using ESC/P commands, as B. EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON A-8 Technical Specifications
EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Font Interface Specifications This with interface and interface. Interface IEEE-1284 Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: MT, A5 Technical Specifications A-9
MT, A5 assignments Direction STROBE IN STROBE to ACKNLG OUT About LOW and the ready to BUSY OUT HIGH the The HIGH the following each character) and PE OUT HIGH the or SLCT OUT high when AUTO FEED NC Not connected GND ground CHASSIS chassis ground, GND which connected to the ground A-10 Technical Specifications DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA IN IN IN IN IN IN IN IN These information to of respectively. Each HIGH when and LOW when IN Not XT
Direction OUT to through GND Twisted-pair ground INIT IN this LOW, the to its when the first turned and the cleared. This normally HIGH; its than the ERROR OUT This LOW when the of GND as NC Not connected OUT to through SLIN IN Not The heading Direction to the of flow as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the interface based TTL Both the and of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW. MT, A5 Technical Specifications A-11
MT, A5 IEEE-1284 (Amphenol) or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 The to the the affirmative when the 00H or 04H, which 00H: of 04H: ID of The following the assignments and their respective interface GND In/Out latched of the DATA1 LSB input to the DATA2 These information to of respectively. HIGH when and LOW when These to the to the DATA3 DATA4 DATA5 DATA6 DATA7 DATA8 A-12 Technical Specifications
GND In/Out Used to to the host. LOW then HIGH to indicating to that then then HIGH then follows and then LOW to that peripheral to Then high to acknowledge of that high to to phase. INIT Not used. This LOW when the 1284-Active active to +5V through +5V to +5V through Chassis Chassis GND. MT, A5 Technical Specifications A-13
MT, A5 GND In/Out GND GND. NC Not connected. The heading In/Out to the of flow as from the chart BUSY ACKNLG DATA STROBE Transition (the and the of than s. Interface The built-in interface based the RS-422 the to Apple Based RS-422 Synchronization: DTR A-14 Technical Specifications
Word Parity Stop Connector: Recommended Apple Peripheral-8 (M0197) The to of these The turned The INIT from the interface: LOW Software Software the ESC the command; the Each the to the selected using the ESC the clear the input or clear the character MT, A5 Technical Specifications A-15
MT, A5 The below shows the that when the initialized. Item Top-of-form sheets: measured and right -inch Character pitch selected Cleared Every characters Font selection selected and character Hardware/control cleared Software only text the A-16 Technical Specifications
Cindy Mary Sign-off: Commands and Character Command B-2 EPSON ESC/P Commands B-2 IBM X24E B-3 Character B-4 Characters With the ESC Command B-9 International Character B-8 MT, A5 Commands and Character B-1
MT, A5 Command This with the of commands this section. EPSON ESC/P Commands Select the EPSON ESC/P commands software the advanced and graphics If information about commands, purchase the ESC/P Reference (ESCP2REF) from EPSON the U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. operation: ESC ESC U, ESC EM feeding: CR, FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC I, ESC ESC N, ESC motion: ESC ESC ESC V, ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, ESC J, VT Font selection: ESC ESC ESC X, ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: ESC ESC ESC Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Graphics: ESC G, ESC ESC Color: ESC ESC B-2 Commands and Character
IBM X24E This the IBM with the following commands. information, the IBM X24E reference operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC (AGM*), ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (AGM*), CR ESC C, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC J, ESC (AGM*) Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP, ESC Character ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC (AGM*) Graphics MT, A5 and Character B-3
MT, A5 Character The with of character when from and DOS software the the characters and its built-in character from DOS and the character should to the character You to the character or when using the with These character selected the or software commands. the the as the PC437 through 7F, the PC437 shown completely. The of the only the characters through FF. PC437 (U.S., B-4 Commands and Character
PC850 PC860 PC861 (Icelandic) PC863 (Canadian-French) MT, A5 Commands and Character B-5
MT, A5 PC865 (Nordic) BRASCII B-6 Commands and Character BRASCII
MT, A5 characters the character Commands and Character B-7
MT, A5 International Character You of the following international character using the or the ESC command. when the characters the the below the character The following international character selected or the ESC command. The following selected with the ESC command. B-8 Commands and Character ESC ESC
Characters With the ESC Command To the characters the below, the ESC command. MT, A5 Commands and Character B-9 ESC
MT, A5 B-10 and Character
Cindy MT, A5 Mary Sign-off: this selected the each (CR) feed (LF) bidirectional which the head both (bidirectionally). This increases reduce high brightness The or of character The of numbers, and that the of characters CMYK of specifying and creating yellow, and (K). The of the and lightest The the the higher the to function such as or feed. or that when the turned or initialized. dithering of to or inch. The the
MT, A5 which with to halftoning where distributed to ESC/P EPSON The of commands the to the It EPSON and software computers. ESC/P Enhanced of the ESC/P command including and graphics. of type family such as or consisting of of from white to halftoning of repeating to troubleshooting that advanced users the of the and the the each and ASCII characters. high which both the of bidirectional The of restoring the of non-impact of which the each character precisely
The the and the which transmitted to the which such as coated and MicroWeave which to reduce the of and to The of which the It than the physical of the to software that commands the of that assigns the of inch to image.Your three and To to its of the amount of that represented. of measured of inch three and RGB of specifying its of red, and this to which the head only. Unidirectional graphics allows MT, A5
MT, A5