TM
Introduction as the to: the basic from CDs and instructions, the on-screen Information clicking the Please follow these as instructions: Warning: followed to injury. to to Notes information about hints Introduction
Loading You of and the then the the front cover and the the to the Loading
or first, the right and beneath the or top first.) or 7-inch or 10-inch You to sheets of or of The type of choose affects the If text or rough the to of the section information. the the too tightly. or 7-inch or 10-inch instructions on-screen Information first, Loading
offers of high easy to the of and creative You purchase and SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON or type Bright White S041586 S041809 S041808 S042174 S041982 S041062 S041467 S041568 Quality Self-adhesive A4 S041106 Iron-on Cool S041153 Loading S041141 S041464 S041465 S042183 S041945 S041946 S042182 S041331 S041067 S041257 S042038 S041649 S041271 S041727 S041667 S042175 S042180 count
This section the photo or or and directly CD or DVD. instructions the on-screen Information software and connected the to as the Its to to software instructions). or the and You this EPSON selected, then the Preferences or Select Click to software
(If or Then Preferences or the On the the basic choose the the using Select the type of (choose or Select Select to the the Shortcuts and of the You clicking the the Advanced on-screen Information To the and sharpness of This and them necessary. To reduce or Red-Eye To If to reduce or or the and as necessary. the Advanced Click Select
information about or on-screen Information Click OK to Click OK or to This appears and shows the of With of the sections below OS operating OS or the and Select EPSON as the Click to the necessary. Click to With
the options. choose with option. If the isnt shown the the of this (If from Preview, the shown below.) Choose from the then the following that appear the of the Choose other options from the the on-screen Information To the and sharpness of choose from the and To reduce or choose from the and Red-Eye options Choose Select type Select or Black/Grayscale Select higher or
Click To the the Select then option to or necessary. Select the OS to or Select from the Select the following choose option the Click OK to the or Select Select Select or With
Select from the You this Choose from the and the following as necessary: to Advanced information about the Click the Advanced to Choose other options from the Information Click Select Select Select type or Black/Grayscale Select higher or Select
To the of the the Selecting the Correct Select the or or software. This the what of the coverage accordingly. this Select this Paper/Bright White Bright White Double-sided Quality Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool Envelope or Select the Selecting the Correct
CDs and includes that graphics, and directly CD or DVD. The CD software easy to and with of effects. instructions the on-screen Information To the or CD/ DVD Turn the then the front cover. the front with both then of the notches).
the front the CD/DVD notches). the the CD/DVD with the white or the the Gently the CD/DVD the of the front the the CD/DVD and the front both of the CD/DVD the the front To and with CD, follow the instructions the Information to the front the (lower) when CDs and CD/DVD CD/DVD CD/DVD CDs and the
Follow the instructions this chapter and cleaning the head and To the head, necessary, on-screen Information Checking the Head If or them, of the the head clogged. Follow the below to the head sheets of the sheet Right-click the the right of (the and the Applications EPSON Utility3 necessary), and OK Then Click
the that to there the If there If there or the the head as the section. Cleaning the Head If and the the head. head cleaning necessary. You the head expended, and to clean when You the first sheets of the Right-click the the right of (the and Head Cleaning the Applications EPSON Utility3 necessary), and OK Then Head Cleaning cleaning clean Cleaning the Head
Follow the instructions to the cleaning which around The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the finished. off the cleaning or the light flashing and to the clean. Click and the that to there the If there If there or the Clean to clean the head If cleaning the head four off and least hours to Then cleaning the head If of the to replaced. If that as If to least once month to quality. Checking the Cartridge the light flashing, You the light to You when the other expended. appear when try to when This optionally offers and other from To offers or from the instructions Information
If than months If necessary, cleaning the head If their to the You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the following when or purchase High-capacity Standard-capacity Black Light Light The Standard-capacity and the High-capacity and from authorized The High-capacity that and them. The of other products and The with and of the from this first of the based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the within months of the and the the cool, If to allow them to to least hours using them. Checking the Cartridge
Cartridges You immediately the ones. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the obtained or the the head Turn the the cover. Press the If or the head to the to which or expended. If or expended, the head directly to the to
Press the If another or expended, to the Press the to or expended. If other or expended, the head to the the cover. Cartridges
the the and of the or try to the white the or Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of the from the to the the the from the of the other or or
the the and it clicks Once the that replacing, the cover, then the cover. Press the to charging the This about finished, the light flashing and and the light off the while charging or If the light flashes, the and the securely. If or and the Cartridges
If with the lights the to the You and basic troubleshooting or the on-screen Information Checking Software Periodically, to free to software. on-screen Information and Download the Software or (U.S.) or With the the You or or EPSON EPSON and
Light and light or or the then the button. light flashing the as light flashing One or You the to which affected light One or expended, incorrectly or with the If to expended, the to to If and the light the correctly. Press the to the to the Press the then the to and lights The cover or the front the flashing; light the closed and the front the CD/DVD) and lights flashing alternately; light off and lights There with the Turn off, light off and back If the If CD or DVD, the loaded. the as then the button. If CD or DVD, the ejected. the CD/DVD then the the the of their service life.
and the below first and the right with the its Dont the arrow the If the option or of the OS. the the software to the fits the If feed, from the through the to the sheets Then the the right and the the too tightly). too once. to sheets of photo of sheets of or of Bright White other If the cover, then the and torn the cover. If the sheet Then and the
Quality If with the these the or the the whiter, or isnt or curled. with or from the too the type of matches the and type software the and If light or or they too to the head This the they properly. to the head cleaning. If to the head. Information instructions. The and necessary and
Where To Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM Monday through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON
Notices Instructions and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the only the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the where the easily If the the from the turn off the using the and the light flashing the or off to the the the as or that switches and off, or switch or the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the or cover the or through the or the or heating or sunlight, or the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. products that or around the Doing fire. Notices
the that its It properly or the white the and to when closing the the or with as specifically or to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. or the its or otherwise from the Cartridge of the reach of children and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or immediately Leaving the head and the from If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the or surrounding with their facing Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR Operation to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B412B America, Inc. Warranty What America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and of year from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of Notices
of the or credit to the of the the that to the If authorizes instead of to to or its authorized service where the repaired and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN EXCESS OF THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT. Notices
include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write to: Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Copyright Notice rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. each to and of the copyright when using While copying or of copyrighted those as as people copyright and service of Corporation. RPM and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. of Copyrighted Notices
CPD-27278 Printed XXXXXX