Printed the C01 cover-F PMS279 cover-F DIC F43 cover-F BK
A5 Daily_UK.fm Where to Information This and It includes information and the software. This information operation. It troubleshooting Reference included the CD-ROM The Reference the CD-ROM included with information about software and To the Reference the software CD the CD-ROM the and Then, Reference to the To this to the R.Thomson Sign-off:
R.Thomson Sign-off: rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION from interference that from the of interface other than those as EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, A5 Daily_UK.fm English
A5 Daily_UK.fm Instructions Instructions of these instructions Also, to follow and instructions the or the the through the to the the type of indicated the to properly grounded using outlets the as or that switch and off. outlets switches or timers. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. or cord. the from the outlet when the of If with the that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the outlet the to service the yourself. R.Thomson Sign-off:
R.Thomson Sign-off: the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the the normally or performance. If to the Germany, the building protected or to short-circuit protection and over-current protection this Precautions of the following when the the or choosing location the the the following: the or the the head hand; otherwise, the the that the head the right) and the the the following: of the reach of allow children to from or otherwise the when the as there around the supply A5 Daily_UK.fm English
A5 Daily_UK.fm If off with and If them immediately with If or through flushing, immediately. this the immediately from its Leaving the reduced Once the or the to with the become the the the within months of them. the or to them. This the head. from allow to least three hours using cool, choosing the the following: the that the The properly or enough front of the to ejected smoothly. to and humidity. Also, the from sunlight, light, or heat to and R.Thomson Sign-off:
R.Thomson Sign-off: enough around the to allow to the where the easily United of options EPSON (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products EPSON (UK) information Warning: This earthed. to the rating plate and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: A5 Daily_UK.fm English
A5 Daily_UK.fm The and connected to the the which with the or the earth The connected to the the with the The connected to the the with the If to the the or with of the and and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the operation of Loading and Other Loading and Other You of including photo cards, and sheets. R.Thomson Sign-off:
R.Thomson Sign-off: distributed EPSON, the instruction with the first and the following such the Reference the of the facing when the the instruction with the to which the corners to the as shown the the fits the arrow located the of the information EPSON Reference Loading please the following: You to the sheet A5 Daily_UK.fm English
A5 Daily_UK.fm The and thickness of widely. If the thickness of the of each the first with the that or the that too thin; they Select as the the with Software Introduction The software which with includes and The choose from of to the from The the and top operating If to the Technical clicking Technical the of the Accessing the software You the software from or from the the software from the that apply only to the the software from the the that apply to of applications. R.Thomson Sign-off:
R.Thomson Sign-off: From From the or the that appears, or to of these buttons.) The From the Click to then and then the then Preferences the The to The the following and Reduce/Enlarge, The the to three of the PhotoEnhance and to that aspects of using the and information about the and Reference A5 Daily_UK.fm English
A5 Daily_UK.fm the The what other should this first. On the that matches the that the Cartridges Empty Cartridge The the from and instructions or nearly or nearly empty, the to the to the head to the Follow the on-screen instructions to the If to empty, the Cartridge from the EPSON Checking the Head If that the unexpectedly or the to the the head R.Thomson Sign-off:
R.Thomson Sign-off: You the head from the through the software. users the using shortcut the the while otherwise, There to the Right-click the printer-shaped the and the shortcut that appears. Access the software and the then the follow the instructions. Cleaning the Head If that the unexpectedly or the to these cleaning the head, which that the properly. You the head from using the Head Cleaning through the software. users the Head Cleaning shortcut head cleaning both and To wasting the head the or incorrect or the first to that the head to cleaned. This the Head Cleaning or while otherwise, A5 Daily_UK.fm English
A5 Daily_UK.fm the Head Cleaning If the or displays indicating that the replacing, the head. the first. Right-click the printer-shaped the and Head Cleaning the shortcut that appears. Access the software and the then the Head Cleaning follow the instructions. the follow the on-screen instructions. the Head If of to this from using the Head software. the Head shortcut to the section below. the Head while otherwise, There to the Head Right-click the printer-shaped the and Head the shortcut that appears. Access the software and the then the Head follow the instructions. R.Thomson Sign-off:
R.Thomson Sign-off: Troubleshooting Technical with that using the troubleshooting information If the Technical of the following From Click Technical the From Click Technical the of the Correcting USB If with USB the information this section. or or that to You to or the USB which with USB or which from to or users, or from A5 Daily_UK.fm English
A5 Daily_UK.fm that EPSON USB Devices appears the only) If the plug-and-play the completed, the USB or the incorrectly installed. Follow the below to the and the the and then the USB the and the Right-click the then Click the If correctly EPSON USB Devices should appear the If EPSON USB Devices appear the the Other Devices to the If USB appears Other Devices the USB correctly. If EPSON COLOR 480SXU appears, the correctly. If neither USB EPSON COLOR 480SXU appears Other Devices Refresh or the USB from the then the Other Devices USB or EPSON COLOR 480SXU then and then OK R.Thomson Proof Sign-off:
R.Thomson Sign-off: the following appears, OK Then, OK to the Turn off the PC and both the and the PC. Then, the from the following the instructions the correctly with the USB If correctly with the USB or of these the USB (C83623 recommended the Reference If USB the to the first of the or the directly to the USB users, the USB and the software. EPSON Software using the the then EPSON USB Devices Next, the software as If EPSON USB Devices the the CD-ROM and the Then follow the on-screen instructions. A5 Daily_UK.fm English
A5 Daily_UK.fm The and graphic showing the of the If while appears the Click the To to the instructions with the Typical and the the below and apply the recommended information, Troubleshooting the Reference and Products The following options and products EPSON the following interface interface that these specifications. USB Interface (shielded) C83623 from to This bidirectional The the of the which location. geographic location, this supplied. R.Thomson Sign-off:
R.Thomson Sign-off: interface which the other covered EPSON the to malfunction. products The following and EPSON You the following with Black T013 T014 The of location. EPSON offers specially-designed to high-quality To the the that matches the that the To what the below, and to the which (shown type). there to choose from. The below. A5 Daily_UK.fm English
A5 Daily_UK.fm EPSON (A4) S041214 EPSON (A4) S041059 S041025 EPSON S041060 S041028 EPSON Iron-On Cool (A4) S041154 EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153 S041155 Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041061 S041026 EPSON Quality S041062 S041029 EPSON Quality S041067 S041048 EPSON Quality Cards (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality Cards S041121 EPSON Quality Cards S041122 EPSON Quality (A4) S041106 EPSON Cards A6 (with S041147 EPSON Cards (with S041148 EPSON Cards S041149 (with R.Thomson Sign-off:
R.Thomson Sign-off: Paper-Heavyweight EPSON Paper-Heavyweight (A4) S041256 S041258 S041259 EPSON Paper-Heavyweight S041257 EPSON (A4) S041140 EPSON S041141 EPSON S041134 EPSON S041255 EPSON S041254 EPSON S041145 EPSON Cards (A4) S041177 Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041071 EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON Quality (A6) S041107 EPSON (A6) S041144 EPSON (A6) S041176 EPSON (A4) S041063 EPSON S041064 The of location. A5 Daily_UK.fm English
A5 Daily_UK.fm R.Thomson Sign-off:
Printed the C01 cover-F DIC F43 cover-F BK cover-F PMS279