head cover) feed cover release optional interface interface cover Cartridges Cartridge Black T486011 Cyan/light T489011 Magenta/light T488011 T487011 Item type and C813611 C813621 EPSON IEEE-1394 Interface Card C823722 EPSON Ethernet Interface C823632A Card EFI Professional RIP software TBD One-year Service EPP55B1 Two-year Service EPP55B2 Archival inches) A3 A3/B inches) front inches) A3 A3/B inches) (to to to inches) (to to to inches) inches) Professional S041456 A3/B inches) S041351 White inches) A3 A3/B inches) (to to to inches) (to to to inches) USB interface EPSON EPSON S041341 S041343 S041339 S041286 S041288 S041289 S041376 S041378 S041405 S041406 S041407 S041408 S041409
EPSON Specifications yellow, light light type EPSON Archival based) Bidirectional with ESC/P inch 1/720-inch feed milliseconds 1/6-inch feeding 240V 120V to 132V to 264V Rated to to Rated 1.0A 26W (ISO/IEC 10W or types* Thickness A3 A4 A5 A6 A3/B US B4 B5 and distributed EPSON** the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of EPSON to inch to to to distributed EPSON only these to F to C) Humidity: to RH Printable BL BR A: The top inch B: The and right inch C: The inch The Cartridges Black (T486011) capacity* (A4, coverage) Cartridge years from Installed: to F to C), month F C) Uninstalled: to F to C), month F C) Transit to F to C) month F C) hours F C) F C) (W H) inches The often cleaning thaws and hours F C). To EPSON Other products to covered warranty. Dont the the expired. C light (T488011) (T487011) light (T489011) (A4, coverage each inches inches (A4, coverage)
Mechanical feed Friction front and optional sheets of pound EPSON capacity, sheets of Width: inches Depth: inches inches pounds without the Operation: to F to C) to F to C), month F C) hours F C) Operation: to RH to RH without UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC CSA C108.8 (A3 Width: inches Depth: inches inches (A4 optional installed) Width: inches Depth: inches inches Interfaces Interface IEEE-1284 Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or ECP IEEE-1284 ECP Synchronization: to IEEE-1284 to IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to IEEE- Connector: Amphenol or USB Interface Based Universal Specifications Revision Class Definition Devices USB Recommended EPSON EPSON IEEE-1284 Synchronization: to IEEE-1284 to IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to IEEE- Connector: Amphenol or
EPSON Lights and lights and lights light the lights or flash, to or as the following lights light and or optional or incorrectly or correctly, the light or light flashing and lights Turn off the and the flashing Corresponding nearly lights flashing light flashing and or Corresponding or the (or lights correctly). light and or EPSON the indicated correctly. cover the cover. feed light and yellow lights lights
lights light flashing and or both and/or the and lights flashing match software match the the (Press the to force and lights and and and lights flashing, the and lights off lights and light lights flash, and and lights lights flashing Unknown Turn off the and or that obstructing head Then the If the off the and EPSON. head too Turn off the then back lights flashing and, necessary, the head. Turn off the and EPSON. Turn off the and EPSON. EPSON EPSON
EPSON Cartridges the First partially the counter from indicating the amount of the and the Press the and the light The and light and the lights flash. The first the the supply the and then off. This operation. the and right light light of the and the gently, as shown. You the however, each the specified EPSON the the the with the arrow and to the of the and the the Warning If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with To reach the the clicks The light through the other lights off, then the the The charging the advanced The light flashes and the sounds. Charging about off the or this or than necessary. The light flashing when the charging finished.
off the or the cover when the light flashing. the light flashing and the or off the You to that operating correctly. Follow these the turned off. (or the to turn the Release both buttons when the the and the light flashing. the showing the of ROM, and the as shown below: to off the Press the the If the the operating correctly. If the as the following cleaning If nothing correctly Then cleaning the Head the should the head to of of these of or the Archival or Professional There to the head: the Head software the the buttons the Head the turned and the the If the with to and Right-click the EPSON Then or NT), or Preferences Click the Click the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to You On the the that shows the precisely top of each other. Select each and Then the of the each the boxes the You to the using 8X theyre to to the head least when first the Click to another the each the If and finished, EPSON EPSON
EPSON the Turn off the necessary. both the and buttons while and the to the Release three buttons when the The head and three those to the right (this to to the and the numbered from to that the (If than the the light representing the the Press the repeatedly the light to light Black HHHH On On On Press the to selection. The to the below. The light flashes while they This of the and the that correctly EPSON light flashing. HHHH Press the (to or the (to backward) the light(s) the correctly the below. light correctly Black HHHH On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On HHHH On On On On On On On to from the the or the light Press the Cleaning to selection. The to head If other the first (shown through finished the head, the to the and off the HHHH HHHH HHHH
Cartridge the light the flashes, the indicated the light This to the light the indicated the light and to the following EPSON T486011 Cyan/light T489011 Magenta/light T488011 T487011 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. the the ready to with the turned and which to the lights. the The the and the the and the right. the the then the straight of the Warning If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with To reach the the the then from its the gently, as shown. Warning Dont the the with the arrow and the the the it clicks the If the correctly. the and as the and EPSON EPSON light off.
EPSON Selecting Path You the the or The front to or sheets. The straight- through of and to inches The following the Optional Rear The following the from the four paths: and Optional OK or OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK Ledger/tabloid/A3/B OK OK OK OK A3/B OK OK OK OK or than OK EPSON the and Optional You these of to inches. the cant shorter than inches To sheets of type the trays, the section. of the trays, to the and type to match the as This allows software to that the the If the match the and You the to Other the of and type to and should of this whenever Loading and The capacity of the the type of this to the of sheets Rear type capacity Additional information (A4 or (A3 or A3/B Professional the than You cant White or the trays. the rear only. the with the
the trays, follow these Dont the of the its and it cool, to quality. or where they to high humidity, or sunlight. the of the face-down the If such as or with the top leading the EPSON corners to the the and front Rear feed If the the switch to the other (The and type the both trays, or the to Other the the section instructions.) choose the software Press the Eject/Continue to of To their them resealable or other airtight covering. the to the type and correctly when You should the type and to the each This users to of whats the and from the The to the right the type EPSON and type type Archival Professional only smears Thick Other this the to Other. The following the A3/B A3 LGR LGL A4 LTR 10/DL/C5/C6 Other other Other The of bond, Follow the when EPSON or the type and to the the the and type the loaded, the clear covers the and the cards. If type or of the trays, the and cards. the the EPSON EPSON type
EPSON Loading the Optional the completely of the If than the the and cover of the when they of the To the (Lower) or Select software the Cleaning the Head If printed unexpectedly light or or from the to cleaning This the head they properly. The cleaning should You or the to the cleaning or to There to cleaning the Head Cleaning software the the buttons the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning the turned and the light off. If the light flashing or to the cartridge(s)indicated the lightsinstead. instructions. If the EPSON with to and Right-click the EPSON Then or NT), or Preferences Click the Click the On the the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the To the off while the light flashingunless the hasnt or than light flashing, to the head clean. the then: the Click Confirmation then Next Click then The If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head Cleaning the Head the Clean the head the buttons the or the EPSON and Follow these the turned and the light off. If the light flashing or to the cartridge(s)indicated the lightsinstead. instructions. Press the Cleaning and three seconds. light flashing, and the the path. The cleaning about seconds. The light flashes.
To the off while the light flashingunless the hasnt or than light flashing, or (as to that the clean. the If cleaning three or four the You turn the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head Transporting the If to and it the You the to the of the from to another, to the to the whenever Turn the the and the trays. Press the to that the If the or four of the and them resealable the and covers. You the the to the while the turned and then off the using the This properly and the supply Dont off the or turning off This properly the head the causing to and the Turn off the and the head the right) If turn the back the head and the then off the off, the light while. the the light off. the from the then the interface from the the If the optional the Warning The approximately to or the If the optional and the off of the the protective when the Repack the and other the boxes. to the To the follow the instructions Chapter of the Turn off the the them the It to counter and to the accurately. The first the the head clogged. You to cleaning as Related EPSON CPD-11338 EPSON CD-ROM CPD-12055 EPSON Service EPSON EPSON EPSON