EPSON EPSON Informations Informations CPD-10843
AM To EPSON and To EPSON and or EPSON You the EPSON www.epson.com (U.S. only). please Cartridges Black T013201 (U.S.) or T013311 and America) T014201 (U.S.) or T014311 and America) EPSON EPSON inches) S041060 A4 inches) S041059 EPSON High Quality inches) A4 inches) EPSON Quality inches) A4 inches) inches) EPSON Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 EPSON Quality Cards A6 inches) S041147 EPSON Cards inches S041267 EPSON inches inches) A4 inches) inches) EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality inches) A4 inches) A6 inches) EPSON inches) S041064 EPSON Quality EPSON Iron-On Cool inches) S041153/ S041155 EPSON Quality inches) A4 inches) EPSON Heavyweight inches) S041257 A6 inches) A6 inches) A4 inches) S041106 S041111 S041117 S041062 S041061 S041067 S041134 S041141 S041140 S041145 S041144-KIT S041144 S041072 S041071 S041107 S041124 S041126
Pbasics.book AM This English and The English the The French the
Pbasics.book AM Printed English
Pbasics.book AM rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information contained only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON, EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. PhotoEnhance and EPSON of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. CPD-10843 Copyright America, Inc. Copyright Notice
Pbasics.book AM EPSON thats projectsfrom assignments and to and The with these features: to inch), and from and front or follow the on-screen instructions to and functions About Software The software CD-ROM includes the software and You cant without software, ArcSoft PhotoPrinter that creative such as or and of think of. Reference information about (You HTML browsersuch as Microsoft or or laterto the If the software or Reference from CD-ROM, the instructions.
Pbasics.book AM About To and its software, the This information, and instructions with or the warranty about with, or troubleshooting Reference instructions the Notes, and Please follow these to to to Notes information about hints
Pbasics.book AM software CD-ROM includes Reference The HTML browsersuch as or or laterto If the correctly. (A included the software CD-ROM.) Accessing You Reference from the CD-ROM or to and from there. Follow these software CD-ROM. Double-click CD-ROM or DVD then the English Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM then the You the Click This appears: You the from the CD-ROM Reference or the to Reference and from there. the the section. Once the to as follows: Select to and then EPSON Select ESC580 the EPSON COLOR and Reference
Pbasics.book AM first the Reference this Click to the of Click topic the to the of expanding the of the topic to If theres right arrow to then topic to to Click the arrow to Click to Click to to topic
Pbasics.book AM from to what to to basic as or photographfrom the to selecting to the Follow the instructions with below or If already with EPSON to PhotoEnhance, and Advanced instructions paperssuch as EPSON or with This section these with Loading below the Software Selecting Software (To Macintosh, Loading and turned the right of the and the the only the right to this arrow
Pbasics.book AM the following when the Its usually whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the If or other or types, instructions. the Software and ready to software From the You slightly Select Click to software
Pbasics.book AM the following selections the EPSON COLOR selected. Click the Properties (If or Then the If the instead of selecting from the the option to the software Selecting Software Once software The thing to to the the The affects the other options choose. If necessary, the to the shown below: Select the type of Select the Select high-quality or Click OK
Pbasics.book AM the following the Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to only. the option to This the software the Its the to of the the to Quality or This choose higher or (The when selected.) Click OK to to information about the right-click item the and then Whats This?. Selecting The apply only to the currently If type of applicationsfor the You this the utility: Click to and then Right-click the EPSON COLOR Select Preferences Click the Select the to Click OK when finished. You the when to of You of the Reference
Pbasics.book AM At the OK (or to the appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You and advanced information printingfor the or Reference Click to Click to Click to or appear
Pbasics.book AM This section these Macintosh: Loading below the Software Selecting Software (To with Loading and turned the right and the the the following when the Its whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the If or other or types, instructions. the right to this arrow
Pbasics.book AM the Software and ready to and other software From the You slightly Select and Printable the following selections the SC selected. (If to the Chooser; the instructions.) Select the and Printable Reference selected OK to the and to Click OK
Pbasics.book AM Selecting Software the and You the slightly Select The thing to to the the The affects the other options choose. the following the Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to only. the option to This the software the Its the to of the the to Quality or This choose higher or (The when selected.) selected Select high-quality or Select the type of Select the
Pbasics.book AM Once clicked If turned background the Chooser, EPSON to the of Select EPSON from the Application the right of the You the EPSON Click to Click to Click to Click Then to and If background to the the advanced the section. information printingfor the or Reference and the Click to
Pbasics.book AM PhotoEnhance, and Advanced software as these PhotoEnhance below Custom Advanced information these the Reference as PhotoEnhance The software includes PhotoEnhance options that increase and to the appearance of low-resolution You effects, such as Soft If high-resolution to the instead; or (Macintosh). affects with PhotoEnhance and To PhotoEnhance, PhotoEnhance with Black selected. If with Correction to the appearance of photographs with You of photographs. Select the that closely matches photograph People or or of the Soft or You to with these to the the Reference as or
Pbasics.book AM Custom software includes with options. This color-matching You from these types: ICM only): created ICM only): created using such as those the or ColorSync only): with ColorSync and To these Custom then the Custom to You these the Advanced to as below. the Reference as or Advanced such as Quality and effects. To these software, Custom and then the Advanced the Advanced them as them whenever Reference or
Pbasics.book AM the and Instructions EPSON and the following instructions and other EPSON Reference as of EPSON and information, the front cover. EPSON You EPSON to photographs that as as the from processing. of the following when EPSON the with the whiter facing or included the Select as the To their them resealable or other airtight covering and them from heat, humidity, and sunlight. to the as as If or follow the instructions or to and the If using 6-inch or the
Pbasics.book AM 6-inch EPSON 6-inch around the and the to the of the the the right of the sheet with the facing and the perforated as shown. Then the the the included and beneath the (If the to the software, it to inches. softwares Reduce/Enlarge as Reference Choose as the Choose as the and as the Printable the back and forth the perforations and tear off the top of top of the
Pbasics.book AM of the as the Choose as the and as the software. then the top as feeding the Also the as it from the You to first and them the right of the and the them. each or Select as the and choose the as the If the smears or (light turning off High the Advanced or (Macintosh) instructions the the as from the the
Pbasics.book AM Selecting the Correct the software. The the to the coverage the type of The the as To the the below or the instructions that with this Select this or EPSON Cards EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Cards EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON If with cleaning the cleaning with this the The of location. Quality Quality
Pbasics.book AM This section procedures to its and Follow the instructions Cleaning the head below the Head Cartridge Cleaning the Transporting the Reference as Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or or from the to the head. This the they properly. You to the Then, to the heads, from the the section instructions. If to the first, the Head Cleaning to the head, as Cleaning the head turn the Its to least once month to If with cleaning the cleaning sheet with the
Pbasics.book AM Follow these operating to the the Right-click the then the that appears. and To right-click, the the right the the as Click the then the Access the as Click the then the button. the this or the Click or Next to Click Click Next
Pbasics.book AM the Each and straight should with the If If as shown Clean and follow the instructions the to the head (The the If cleaning three or four the Quality You turn the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the Head Cleaning Follow these operating to the Head Cleaning the Right-click the then Head Cleaning the that appears. and To right-click, the the right the the as Click the then the Head Cleaning the as Click the then the Head Cleaning
Pbasics.book AM the this Click or Next to cleaning. Cleaning about seconds, which the head and the the while cleaning the head. cleaning finished, to the head clean. Click Next Click Click to the head
Pbasics.book AM or the and or Confirmation Then follow the instructions the examining the If the isnt If Clean and follow the instructions the to the head If cleaning three or four the Quality You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the Head If characters or to the head. connected directly to connected to the Head Follow these operating the and or loaded. the EPSON the whenever the head Dont or Right-click the then Head the that appears. To right-click, the and the right
Pbasics.book AM the the as Click the then the Head Access the as Click the then the Head Click Next to You this On the the that shows the precisely top of each other. Select each and Then the of the each the boxes the and If there isnt precisely the of the each and Another with selections as numbered to each
Pbasics.book AM Cartridge or displays the to or right empty, or displays another and the to You to than months and as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or both You or the the obtained the the head these EPSON within months of them and the the Black T013201 (U.S.) T013311 and T014201 (U.S.) T014311 and America) To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or EPSON You the EPSON www.epson.com (U.S. only). please to the the To when or or Empty Cartridge To Outdated Cartridge
Pbasics.book AM Cartridge Precautions follow these of the reach of children and the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant You the yellow from the top of the or permanently Dont to the clear the or Empty Cartridge or of or (Macintosh) displays and the Once the the Click the to Follow the instructions the to the the the charging that charging the while charging
Pbasics.book AM Outdated Cartridge If to or follow the to the Cartridge the the Cartridge from the as the below. You cant the from within the Click to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR and from the that appears. You this Click this Access the as
Pbasics.book AM Click the or the (Macintosh), then the Cartridge Follow the instructions the to the the the charging that charging the while charging Cleaning the To its should Follow these the and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont the the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning included with they the
Pbasics.book AM the If to its or of Follow these To the when the to the the its location. the the head the right then the the from the from the and the and the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the using the protective that with to the as the the the head and then If quality, the head the head the to the
Pbasics.book AM constantly its to such as or It this EPSON or what the and through the If follow the on-screen instructions. If that the and that cant to as or section the the of the section. If to EPSON or software or Its to to and the section to there free of charge, downloading to Downloading instructions
Pbasics.book AM If the of the to these
Pbasics.book AM and troubleshooting software, quality, feeding or other Reference as the or Software The The first the its about charging finishes If the while properly and than the the completely and that the the seconds, then the software. follow the instructions the securely connected to the and other applications, including and protection software. Then and the software. Reference instructions
Pbasics.book AM with The and connected, nothing If cant the successfully, Click the Stop then try the following: the connected securely and that the the or If the the specifications or inoperable, The securely and that the and switch or If another the software and both as the that selected or as the or the the Chooser. If to as Reference The sounds as though nothing You to the head as If that instructions. You or Unknown and then back and to If the or EPSON; information. too the or If high-resolution than the listed.
Pbasics.book AM You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the the following: Choose Black include the Quality/Speed to the softwares Advanced MicroWeave off and High when or while. Quality You the head clogged. To the head, the matches the loaded. the of the It usually whiter or If Click To and follow the on-screen instructions to If than months to or (Macintosh) instructions.
Pbasics.book AM the Head using EPSON instructions. Turn off High the Advanced or smeared. isnt curled, or (the should If or curled, with or the specifications Reference the Head using EPSON instructions. or the the head clogged. To the head, If Click To and follow the instructions to If than months to the matches the loaded. isnt or If of with the usually whiter or than the other
Pbasics.book AM You or selected the and the head clogged. To the head, If Click To and follow the instructions to If than months to If high-resolution turn off PhotoEnhance. turned that such as using or (Macintosh) instructions. exactly match to as as information, Reference You incorrect characters. the securely connected and that the the or selected or as the or the the Chooser. If switch with the directly to and using higher the Quality/Speed to Quality software; or the Head instructions. You to increase the or it software
Pbasics.book AM with Too the the software and both or If the Click the to the If follow the on-screen instructions to The caused incorrect to the or software. to enough the front of the to easily. If when the or too thin. feed. You correctly the of from the Then that the Isnt or creased Isnt too Isnt the arrow the Isnt the Then the the too tightly. If to the You Click the to the If follow the on-screen instructions to If necessary, the the cover, and the thats including that torn off.
Pbasics.book AM If frequently: smooth, high-quality (the whiter or the and then the Dont the arrow the the the the right of the and the feed once. the of from the Then: the isnt too thin. the of the of to the sheets. the as the fits the too tightly. Printout The incorrect. the software the Reference instructions. software instructions selecting the The within the of the as Specifications Reference The or incorrect. the and/or options correctly. The inverted, as Turn off the software or the software. (If EPSON Iron-On Cool the should inverted when
Pbasics.book AM The the the software Reference instructions. the head clogged. To the head, If recently the Uninstalling and Software Double-click then the Double-click Click EPSON Software the then the EPSON COLOR Click or Change/Remove and follow the on-screen instructions. Click EPSON USB Devices the then or Change/Remove then follow the instructions the to software. (You to software or software CD-ROM. Then the EPSON CD-ROM and the EPSON You the Click On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall Then the Uninstall the and follow the instructions. then follow the instructions the to software. (You to software or
Pbasics.book AM Where To If with or its software, the information below. with the software that software CD-ROM, information. If using other software with EPSON the that software technical information. EPSON Technical EPSON technical hours through the services and services the following Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other such as and and troubleshooting information. EPSON FTP EPSON Technical Automated Telephone Services To to technical of the below from AM to PM through or charges apply. U.S.: If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the To technical through to and the the troubleshooting as requested. of services To these services, tone telephone and
Pbasics.book AM EPSON or EPSON You the EPSON www.epson.com (U.S. only). please Software Technical technical know the type of and operating and of the including on-screen Software Telephone ArcSoft PhotoPrinter M-F, to (PST) write to: ArcSoft, Inc. CA
Pbasics.book AM and Notices To and its software, should IBM PC with least or or higher recommended) Microsoft or with USB or with USB At least 16MB or 32MB of RAM (32MB or 64MB recommended) At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or DVD or recommended) the software shielded USB AB from to to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction.
Pbasics.book AM To and its software, should Apple or G3 with USB OS or OS or recommended) G3: OS or If OS to operating to OS or connecting the to To which operating About This from the Apple Download the from Apple Apple the At least 16MB of RAM (32MB recommended) At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or DVD or recommended) the software shielded USB AB from to to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction.
Pbasics.book AM Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets switch or or those the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the the from the outlet when the of and from of interference, such as or locations the that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the the or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly enough the front of the to smoothly. or cover the the or through the
Pbasics.book AM the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and to warranty service instructions. Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the of the If off with and If them immediately with the or the the head hand; otherwise the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of them. this Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the or to them. This to the head. the the head the right and the
Pbasics.book AM This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the receiving Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: P190B FCC Compliance United States WARNING Declaration of Conformity
Pbasics.book Wednesday, AM What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the first purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the which the of the warranty the warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the If freight or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the credit to the of the the that to the If chose to credit the only shipped to the The or refurbished to the of quality, and option, the another of and quality. of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of the covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and This warranty and apply to products purchased from This warranty cover to the caused and manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If claimed or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to America, Inc. P. O. CA Warranty