EPSON PRINTER GUIDE
cover (optional) path cover type optional interface USB interface
EPSON PRINTER GUIDE
Printed Copyright America, Inc. rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with these EPSON EPSON of this information as to other EPSON, EPSON ESC/P, and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. DX3, PhotoEnhance, and EPSON Archival and EPSON service of Inc. EFI and U.S. of Inc. Notice Other and of their owners. EPSON and rights those The ENERGY STAR EPA of or service. Notices Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. CPD-11338
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: Airport CA responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: P991A
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003
Introduction The EPSON the revolutionary The to using DX3 head quality. integrated and from to EPSON Archival photographic that to years.* high-capacity with increased productivity, ease of and The EPSON of from to professional from inches to inches, including With and optional performance. With the feed sheets to 11-inch, photo about or 19-inch about high-performance and RIP choices award-winning photographic Microsoft NT and and Apple Optional EFI Professional RIP software the or Lightfastness rating based testing of to light intensity, and atmospheric EPSON the longevity of life, or or properly them.
Introduction Optional and Software EPSON offers these optional to productivity: Optional and software Option and C813611 C813621 Ethernet interface C823632A IEEE-1394 interface C823722 EFI Professional RIP software TBD You purchase optional and software, and from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please This This the following information: to and the and the EPSON and from software CD-ROM. Chapter instructions of through the and EPSON Chapter to the EPSON Chapter to EPSON Chapter what to when the lights or other and to the Chapter instructions head cleaning the head, and cleaning and the
Warning If OS to operating software. If OS Apple recommends that the Apple Chapter troubleshooting and the technical and EPSON included the of the and this information throughout this to to to Notes information about To with or should the following USB G3, G4, or or IEEE DV, G3, or G4 or with or Ethernet G3, or G4 or 256MB of RAM recommended At least 50MB of free to the software and least 150MB of CD-ROM or recommended) or DVD the software Introduction
Introduction improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction. USB USB and shielded USB AB from to to or optional or Ethernet interface and To or should IBM PC with II or higher recommended NT or USB USB PC with (factory or IEEE PC with or Ethernet Ethernet PC with NT or 256MB of RAM recommended At least 50MB of to the software and least 150MB of free CD-ROM or recommended) or DVD the software high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to to with D-SUB, and the USB or with USB and shielded USB AB from to to or optional or Ethernet interface and
Where To EPSON telephone and information the installation, and operation of graphics products through the EPSON Protection A.M. to P.M through and A.M. to P.M. Unit ID which included with the EPSON Protection information that with and of purchase. EPSON technical hours through the services the following Service Access World From the reach Professional Graphics Automated Telephone of services Services hours To these services, tone telephone and You purchase and from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please ENERGY STAR Compliance ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The EPA ENERGY STAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused SM Introduction
Introduction Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively. Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating the It properly or or cover the the or through the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. the as photocopiers or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or frayed. If cord, the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the of recommended. as specifically the to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions.
with other of to through the following of operating the or the head the head hand. of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of children and the the or to them. This to the head. Once the to with (or the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of them. this the off using the this pressed, the light flashes then the or off the to the outlet the light off. the the head the right and the Introduction
Introduction
Chapter the The to or the To EPSON to the tray(s) and and Once the to the and from the software CD-ROM and then the head. This chapter covers the following information: the the optional the the Loading Connecting the to the software and the head Unpacking the what included the and type
the to follow the Instructions Follow these to and location: Follow the instructions the the to the and protective to the the grounded switch or or the as This the which the memory and the supply. of back to the feed and enough front the the with high or sunlight or Near of heat or interference, such as or telephone If purchased the optional to the top of Follow the instructions the section. the Optional The If purchase the optional to and the Unpack the and Follow the illustrated the to the and protective the where to the with the facing
Warning the of the the the caught the and the Warning try to the or without the screws; otherwise the and and top of the as shown: the and using the screws that with the the wrench that with the to the screws. the
the Warning If to the the each the of the the to the the right of the and the feeding the the the the front of the as shown below: If the the that with the the
The first the the supply the and then off. This operation. the Cartridges partially the counter from indicating the amount of Press the and the the and the light The and lights and the lights flash. the and right yellow light light the
the You the however, each the specified Warning If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with To injury, reach the of the and the gently, as shown. the the the with the arrow and to the of the and the the
off the or the cover the back when the light flashing. the light flashing and the or off the Chapter instructions the light through the other the clicks The lights off, then the The charging the The the light flashes and the sounds. Charging about off the or this or than necessary. The light flashing when the charging finished. Loading EPSON four paths: the the optional and the feed Follow these to of the trays: the You the the of the to the
the off the cover and the the switch to the that matches the If using or release the and the completely. switch
the and the the of the both as as they of and then the the of with the and the right of the resting the right of the Dont the arrow the the
the the the the the cover. (If pulled the the cover the cover.)
the and type should the and type to the the The whats the and from the Chapter information about the cards. the The light the and type the Archival the as follows: LTR type: Archival The directly they allow software to that the the information about the Chapter the type
the You the to that operating correctly to Turn off the (or the to the Release the when the the and the light flashing. to the showing the of ROM, and the as shown below: to off the Press the the If the the operating correctly.
the or connecting to or the If the as the following cleaning as If nothing correctly Then cleaning as Connecting the to You the to of three interfaces, USB interface and interface Optional interface interface or of the cards) the
the The EPSON and DMA features or only) of the EPSON only with interface If USB the to the first of the or If the with the directly to USB Connecting to the USB To the to USB shielded USB Follow the below to the to both the and turned off. the of the USB to USB the of the to USB or first USB follow the Software or Software to the and
If to the built-in (LPT1). To instructions. To the EPSON and DMA Connecting to Only) To the built-in interface, shielded, bidirectional, Follow the below to the to both the and turned off. the of the to Then with the If ground wire, to the ground the interface the other of the to and as necessary. If to that ECP to the ECP the and Cleaning buttons, then the to the The and lights flashing. Press the the light Then the to off the (If to off ECP follow the the light instead.) follow the Software to the and the
the optional interface the that with the information. Dont the interface when the to Doing the Connecting to Optional Interface Card The optional interface below interface or The Ethernet the from or NT or The following optional interface Interface Ethernet interface C823632A IEEE-1394 interface C823722 To optional interface follow these Turn off the and the from the interface necessary. DIP switches and the necessary. the interface screwdriver to the screws the optional interface cover, then off the cover. the screws them the interface and the cover.
To interface follow the the the interface the the interface to the the of the interface the internal the interface with the screws included with the interface to the interface and to If the ground wire, as shown. the cord. follow the Software or Software to the and If instructions. the
the If using the optional RIP software to instead, the the RIP software CD-ROM instructions and the software. If and connected with or interface the Stop Searching and to Software connecting the to to the and included software CD-ROM. Follow these turned off. Turn and If the New or New appears, the software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD this appears: then Click then the Click OK the to software installation. You installation. On and NT, the or NT Turn and to or You to Press the light the software and the the
Turn off protection software. informing that OK Click the to the If using or NT, or the to If Network instructions. instructions software, Chapter Software connecting the to to the and included software CD-ROM. Follow these Turn and the software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM to its Double-click the to the Then the At the first The following appears: Click the button, then the the
the the the software to and OK informing that to Chooser from the Apple If to the the of these to the Click the then the the USB connected Select the Background to turn background or off. With background while and the EPSON to the Chooser. instructions software, Chapter
This section to as To directly to without it as shared If the or CD-ROM, the CD-ROM and follow the If to Then with Network Follow the the section to to the or below NT or Network or Network This section to that the First the (the to which connected the to the then the to to the these the to which connected the Click to then Double-click the Network Click the and You this the to to allow others to to printer(s) and OK the Network OK the
the the Select then choose the Shared the information as then OK the Computers these that to the Click to and Double-click the The appears. Click Next Click Network then Next Click Double-click the of the (directly connected to the Then the Click OK and follow the the to instructions software, Chapter
This section to as To directly to without as or to choose from the NT or Network This section to that the First the software that to the as Then the (the to which connected the to the and the to to the these the to which connected the Click to and then from the Click the Shared NT) or Shared as button and the Click OK the Computers these that to the Click to and Right-click then Click the then Select then New The following appears: the
the This section to as To directly to without as the type the information the below, then OK of connected to the of the shared the On the the and its selected. Then OK instructions software, Chapter Network This section to the as shared First the software every that to the as Then the (the to which connected the to the and the to to as the the these the to which the Turn the Select Chooser from the Apple Then the and the the USB connected to.
Click the The following appears: Click the this then type the and information as Click OK The of the shared appears the the Chooser. the Chooser. the Computers these every that to the Select Chooser from the Apple Then the and the the right. You from the connected to the
the If prompted the the and OK the Background to background or off. the Chooser. instructions using software, Chapter the Head the should the head to sheets of of these of or the Archival or Professional There to the head: the Head software, as below the the buttons, as the Head the turned and the the If the as (Macintosh) or with to and Right-click the EPSON Then or NT), or Preferences
You to the 8X theyre to to the head least when first the Click the Click the Click the Head button. Follow the instructions the to You this On the the that shows the precisely top of each other. Select each and Then the of the each the the Click Realignment to another the each the If and finished, the
the
EPSON of from to high-quality and With four to choose from the optional from inches to inches. The straight-through to and sheets to inches This chapter includes instructions the following: Selecting the the front the EPSON Clearing Selecting Path You the the or The front to or sheets. The straight-through of and to inches The following the Optional feed Rear
and or OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK Ledger/tabloid/A3/B OK OK OK OK A3/B OK OK OK OK or OK than You the to Other the of and type to and should of this whenever The following the from the four the and Optional You these of to inches. the cant than inches To of type the trays, of the trays, to the and type to match the as This allows software to that the the If the match the and This both and money with the Optional Rear
You cant White or the trays. the only. information about EPSON Loading and The of the the type of this to the of sheets type capacity Additional information (A4 or (A3 or A3/B Professional the than the trays, follow these Dont the of the quality. its and cool, to or where they to high humidity, or sunlight. the of the face-down the If using such as or it with the top leading the EPSON corners to the the and front feed Rear the sheet with the
this the to Other type If the the switch to the other (The and type the both or the to Other the the section instructions.) choose the software Press the to of To their them resealable or other airtight covering. the to the type and correctly when You should the type and to the each This to of whats the and from the The following the type EPSON and type Archival Archival Professional smears Thick Other
The following the A3/B A3 LGR LGL A4 LTR 10/DL/C5/C6 Other other Other the following the instructions The of bond, Follow the when EPSON or the type and to the the the and type the loaded, the clear covers the and the cards. If the type and/or the and cards. the the type
If than the the and cover of the when they of the Loading the Optional the completely of the To the (Lower) or Select software the the You with the face-down. the turned If using than the cover, then the
the and the cover back the the right of the with the right and the the it The the and when If the completely, the the Rear this when straight-through path. You of and to inches and to through the the turned If than the cover, then the
If or heavy to the the to feed the cover and the cover back the the cover. the to match the right of the with the and the the The the and when If the completely, the Eject/Continue
Product EPSON S041341 S041286 S041456 S041405 A3 S041343 S041288 S041406 A3/B S041339 S041289 S041351 S041407 to S041376 S041408 to inches) to S041378 S041409 to inches) Selecting EPSON You of coated, and other with EPSON EPSON which specially the high-quality The following the the of EPSON The the from the shown this the to the Archival EPSON other specialty information, EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please White Professional
Warning reach the when turned to of the Clearing If the light and three lights the flashing, Follow as of the below as to clear the path. Turn off the the and Gently the If the the back and the to feeding properly. If cant the off the and following these If the the and the of the
the cover. the feed to the cover, and necessary, the Gently the If the the cover, the the back and the Eject/Continue to feeding properly. If cant the off the and follow the path cover
the cover. Gently the the trays, the covers, and the back Then the to feeding properly.
Chapter with EPSON If information about the The EPSON with that the and that allow to background ICC ColorSync included, the advanced features of or the This chapter covers the following information: Choosing options Choosing basic options Choosing advanced options Choosing Follow these to choose options and choose from the You the From the the of inches, A-1). If listed, the Then the of inch (or
with EPSON If information about options, the Select the the to from the Source Select the which to from. Loads from the (Lower) appears Loads from the (only appears Loads from the containing the or and OK Choosing Once selected to The EPSON offers that and when EPSON You choose advanced and options, as Follow these to Choose from the of the following appears: this shows the cant them from these appear Photoshop information
You and them to this information. with EPSON Choose the of and which to Select the as Selecting the Correct Select or Black the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears the to the of the this appear.) Click PhotoEnhance to choose from of low-resolution photographs: People, Soft and You Correction to and other to Click Custom then choose of the from the as below. Custom Advanced the of that of the of the head and only with types. Text/Graph and the and highlights. with photographic ColorSync based ICC the To the Advanced If Photoshop or and RGB RGB the ColorSync (otherwise, this
with EPSON of the the the EPSON or authorized EPSON and other that location. Choose from the following buttons to features: Click to the and or Chapter information. Click to reduce or option, or the or Click to background This while and the information. Click to and then the to of Click finished choosing options, Print. Selecting the Correct The following the to the EPSON Product Archival Professional Professional White White If the or other using the the instructions included with the If choose the You to with to which the
with EPSON Choosing Advanced The advanced options these to or to of options to Follow these to with advanced Follow through Click then the Advanced that appears the You this If necessary, and Choose of the following Quality (these the To and high-quality charts and high-quality the highest Choose or each of these options the of the
with EPSON effective with RGB Choose of the following: MicroWeave This effects and selected types. High fast, bidirectional If when the High to off or the head (as of This graphics, and art with the It selected the or Quality Choose of the following Color brightness, and CMY or choose from the three You choose from three which the and of the the PhotoEnhance4 that reflects the photographic tone and choose. the of the ColorSync from three to created specifically Dont other of the the Choose this to
Notice: Conditions to the of lighting the appearance of appear to slightly when should that the the lighting which they displayed. The EPSON to when with D50 (daylight) light with EPSON Click to Then type the of and The to of finished advanced OK The following the when choose PhotoEnhance4, or ColorSync. and the information and correction accordingly. Photo-realistic and the and brightness. Corrects or of the and the and highlights. with non-photographic the as earlier EPSON Increases Matches with PhotoEnhance4 Tone choose from Normal tone correction, high (as and choose from four (and the intensity the Low/High Sharpness Soft and Corrects and other to Correction
with EPSON If to background ColorSync photographic the relationship as them to within charts and business graphics. the relative of from to another. with known such as and that within the of both and with that and or them. to background to while printed. that background and Background You background the Chooser when software. If or the background the to Follow these and choose from the Click the background You this background turned off To background the On
with EPSON To the of to of the following: to Normal Normal to the the received to the the and the to the right to the the ready to release the following section Click OK to and to the Click to If selected or the the specified or release using as the section. The and as as their the the right of the and EPSON You this: to appear to and If necessary, then to the to the or to the
with EPSON If and the the EPSON the to release the and You the to or to the of to printed. If to the then the arrow. The Priority becomes active to the priority, as the section. You to or to the head. information about the cleaning utility. If to follow these to off the Press the of the following, whether background and the to the If background turned off, the If background turned EPSON from the and Priority selected the highlighted
with EPSON The EPSON with and that and without RIP. ICC included, advanced of or the This chapter includes the following information: Choosing options Choosing and options Choosing advanced options Choosing to The EPSON offers that and when using EPSON You choose and options. instructions Follow these to and choose from the You the EPSON selected, and then the (If or instead. Then the
with EPSON If information about the the following appears: this shows the cant them from Select the as Selecting the Correct Select or Black the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears the to the of the this appear.) Click to choose from of low-resolution photographs: People Nature Soft and You Correction to and other to
You and them to this information. the EPSON or authorized EPSON that location. with EPSON Click Custom and then choose of the from the as below: Advanced the of that of the of the head and with types. Text/Graph and the and highlights. with photographic ICM based ICC using the (effective only). If to closely match the matching with other or the finished choosing options, the and follow the instructions to choose and options Selecting the Correct The following the to the EPSON Product Professional Professional White White If the the the instructions included with the If choose the You to with to which the
with EPSON the to the Choosing and Follow these to choose and options On the the You this Select the the to from the Source Select the which to from. from the (Lower) (appears only the only from the (appears feed Loads only from the feed containing From the the of inches, A-1.)
of the the with EPSON If listed, Then the of inch (or the and If to reduce or option, or the You this Choose the then OK Choosing Advanced The advanced options these to or to of options to Follow these to with advanced Follow through to to Click Custom then the Advanced that appears the
with EPSON You the following: If necessary, and Choose of the following Quality (these the To and high-quality charts and high-quality the highest Choose or when choose PhotoEnhance4, of options the of the
effective with RGB with EPSON Choose of the following: MicroWeave This and selected types. High fast, bidirectional If when the High to off or the head (as of Choose of the following specify brightness, and CMY or choose from the three You choose from three which the and of the the PhotoEnhance4 that reflects the photographic tone and choose. the of the the Choose this to the matching with other or the ICM based ICC using the (effective only). If using to closely match
with EPSON Notice: Conditions to the of lighting the appearance of daylight appear to slightly when should that the the lighting which they displayed. The EPSON to when with D50 (daylight) light Click to advanced Then type the of and The to of finished advanced options, OK The following the when choose or PhotoEnhance4. and the information and correction accordingly. Photo-realistic and the and brightness. Corrects or of the and the and highlights. with non-photographic the as EPSON Increases Matches with PhotoEnhance4 choose from Normal tone correction, high (as and tone Effect choose from four effects (and the the Low/High Sharpness Soft and Corrects and other to Correction
with EPSON with that and or them. The each The with NT) appears the when which appears the the and information about the the appears You the to or You the amount of each and If the to appear, off. instructions. to to the displayed
with EPSON the The with NT) displays the of and them. To while the EPSON that appears the the of the You the To or the to highlight then the the of the command
Chapter the and lights and lights light lights light and or or incorrectly or optional light correctly, the or light flashing and Turn off the and the lights flashing The EPSON includes of the The lights when or software both and included with the EPSON These This chapter covers the following information: Responding to the lights Checking from Checking from Responding to the Lights the lights or flash, to or as the following the indicated correctly. cover the cover. light and lights lights
the lights light flashing and or Corresponding lights flashing nearly light and or Corresponding the (or lights or correctly). light flashing and and/or or both lights flashing match and lights and and lights flashing and lights flashing, the and lights off head too Turn off the then back and, necessary, the head, as Turn off the and EPSON as the Introduction. the and software match the the (Press the to force
lights lights flashing, and light lights flash, and and lights lights flashing Unknown Turn off the and or that head Then the If the off the and EPSON as Turn off the and EPSON as the Introduction. Checking from The the information, and and features. Click the the or You the to the the
the Click the EPSON This showing and the types, and of the (as indicated the and To the OK You the the to and and Click the the or You the Click the You this to of and where to and/or the to and information
Warning allow to serious and to Select from the following options: choose whether and or Warning choose whether warning and text or text only. Temporary and Temporary High the that the temporary created when to the Click the Select to the from the shown. to the head Normally, graphics this option, the its and then to the as whole (recommended computers). The boxes choose to software or finished options, OK to to the Checking from The of and information, when and allows to the monitored. Follow these to the of the following: Click to then Right-click and or NT), or Preferences From the as the
the If theres such as or displays To that instructions the Click the You the to Click the EPSON The following appears. (It when appear information appears
Click the button. You the information about the If the to of the Preferences You to while This know of or other Follow these to Click to and appears the Right-click the then or NT), or Preferences Click the You the appears only connected to appears only than the
the Click the Preferences You the Preferences Select the options to If to the appear the Shortcut Then the to the shortcut, the to the (shown or right-click to the Preferences Select Allow of shared shared and to other Click OK to
Chapter and the turn the Its to turn least once month to quality. EPSON to its This chapter the following procedures: cleaning the head the only) Cleaning the Cleaning the Transporting the Cleaning If unexpectedly light or or from the to cleaning This the head they properly. The cleaning should You or the to the cleaning or to There to cleaning the Head Cleaning software, as the the buttons, as
and Transporting the To the turn off while the light flashingunless the hasnt or than the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning the turned and the light off. If the light flashing or to the cartridge(s)indicated the lightsinstead. instructions. If the as (Macintosh) or with to and Right-click the EPSON Then or NT), or Preferences Macintosh: Click the Click the On the the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. light flashing, to the head clean. the then: the Click Confirmation then Next Click then The If the its If the Clean to clean the head If cleaning three or four the Quality You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head
To the off while the light flashingunless the hasnt or than the the Each and straight should with the If If (as shown the head instructions. Cleaning the Head the Clean the head using the buttons the or using the EPSON and Follow these the and the light off. If the light flashing or to the cartridge(s)indicated the lightsinstead. instructions. Press the Cleaning and three seconds. light flashing, and the the path. The cleaning about seconds. The light flashing, or (as to that the clean. the If cleaning three or four the Quality You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head and Transporting the
and Transporting the You the to that operating correctly and the head clean. Turn off the (or the to the Release the buttons when the the and the to The showing the of ROM, and the as shown below: to off the Press the the If the the operating correctly. light
and lights and yellow lights light To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. the the ready to with If the as the following cleaning as If nothing correctly Then cleaning as Cartridge the light the flashes, the indicated the light This to the light the indicated the the following EPSON Black: T486011 T489011 Magenta/light T488011 T487011 To EPSON or EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please and the light and to light
and Transporting the Warning If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with To reach the Warning Dont the the turned and which to checking the lights. the The the and the the and yellow the right. the the then the straight of the the the then from its the gently, as shown. the with the arrow and the the the clicks light off. the If the correctly. the and it as the and
the Head If appears or straight, to the head. sheets of of these of or the Archival or Professional There to the head: the Head software, as below the the buttons, as the Head the turned and the the If the as or with to and Right-click the EPSON Then or NT), or Preferences Click the Click the Click the Head and Transporting the
and Transporting the You to the 8X theyre to You to than once Follow the instructions the to You this On the the that shows the precisely top of each other. each and Then the of the each the boxes the Click to another the each the If and finished,
It to the to the the Head from the Turn off the necessary. both the and buttons while and the to the Release three buttons when the light The head and three to the the right, printed: the and the numbered from to that (If than the the Press the repeatedly the light the the light to light Black On On On Press the to selection. The to the below. The light flashes while they This of the and the numbered that correctly and Transporting the HHHH HHHH HHHH
and Transporting the Press the (to or the button (to backward) the light(s) the correctly the below. light correctly Black HHHH On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On On to the from the the or the light Press the Cleaning to selection. The to head If other the first (as shown through to the and off the finished the head, the HHHH HHHH HHHH
instructions the and Transporting the the With the the the and of the and To the software from the as below. Click to then Right-click and or NT), or Preferences from the Click the You the Click the You this appears connected to than Select from the following High of of the using as cache. If the whether or the displayed when
and Transporting the Dont touch the the or thinner to the these chemicals the as as the to the or Dont or Dont or the they the whether or the when the software match the EPSON or with only) the of EPSON instead of using the You of these beneath the EPSON option: High (DMA) that already using DMA higher rates, DMA know that DMA them. information, or technical If DMA to ECP to or technical Click OK to to the then OK to Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly the and trays. Press the button to that the Turn off the Then the and from the to and If the outer or the of the dirty, clean them with cloth with
You the the to the while the turned and then turn off the the button. This properly and the supply Dont off the or turning off This properly the head the causing to and the and Transporting the the cover and closed to from If the of the with off with cloth. Transporting the If to and the You the to the of the from to another, to the to the whenever Turn the the and the trays. Press the Eject/Continue to that the If the or four of the to them resealable the and covers. Turn off the and the head the right) as shown below: head
and Transporting the The approximately to or the If the back the head and the then off the off, the light while. the the light off. the from the then the interface from the the If the optional the If the optional and the off of the the protective when the
and Transporting the the and other the boxes. to the To the follow the instructions Chapter Turn off the the them the It to counter and to the accurately. The first the the head clogged. You to cleaning as
and Transporting the
Chapter Troubleshooting The first thing should the following the this chapter. Then the the fixed. This chapter instructions the following: Uninstalling and EPSON and EPSON includes of to To the the lights the through instructions. To whether the caused the the from and instructions. If of the this chapter EPSON as Where To Quality You often the following: cleaning instructions. match the software to the type of or Chapter the type and the correctly. Chapter
Troubleshooting If this this: with the the or The should the or front the or or incorrect or the matches the using and the correctly. Chapter information. cleaning instructions. the head. instructions. the light to of the then the instructions. (Macintosh) or instructions. the matches the and the correctly. Chapter information. with the facing the The should the or front feed the the or the Quality/Speed to Quality the to and (Macintosh) or instructions. If high-resolution off PhotoEnhance and that such as cleaning instructions. the light to of the then the instructions. the head. instructions.
If this this: smeared. If thick the the type to Thick If feeding thick manually, follow the instructions If this this: light and or or incorrectly loaded, or the optional light or correctly, the Chapter or light flashing and the or the cover lights flashing Turn off the and the cover, necessary. If with the with the or of the the of sheets type; information. If the it following the instructions If the first that: The and the the The securely thats switch or The interface securely connected to the and light Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting If this this: light flashing and or The nearly empty. lights flashing then following the instructions light and or The or the lights (or correctly) following the instructions light flashing and The and/or match the or both lights flashing Chapter or Chapter instructions the software necessary. (Press the to force and lights and and lights flashing and ights flashing, the and lights off. The head too Turn off the then back and, necessary, the head as Turn off the and EPSON as the Introduction.
If this this: lights flashing, and lights lights flash, and and lights lights flashing unknown occurred. Turn off the and or that head Then the If the off the and EPSON as You too items the Chooser. items appear the Chooser. and the Chooser to that the properly the If You turned the and the finishes testing and cleaning the head If the turned off while the cleaning This off the this process. Turn off the and EPSON as If connected to USB the software (as the directly to USB and the software (as Chapter the Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting If this this: correctly from of the trays, or than from the isnt too thick or too thin, curled, or of the feed You the following: smooth, high-quality and they the specifications A. the and Follow and instructions included with the and If with feeding, or the of from the and that the Isnt or creased. Isnt too thick or thin A). Isnt overloaded the Isnt together. Isnt the If the light flashing, Then the that: The the too tight. You the and to the You the path. Chapter You sheet the necessary. the the the Source selected software. Chapter or Chapter instructions.
If this this: Ejected the isnt Dont or and its Press the the isnt too thin. the feeding straight. the software and the match the Uninstalling and the Software If to and then the software reason, follow the instructions the section below. software CD-ROM. Then the CD-ROM to necessary. Double-click the then the Click the On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall Then the Uninstall the and follow the instructions. Then follow the instructions to software. then the Double-click Double-click Click EPSON Software the then EPSON Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Click the Change/Remove and follow the instructions. If using the USB or EPSON USB Devices the then the button. Then follow the instructions to software.
A: Specifications types* Thickness inches) A3 inches A4 inches) A5 inches) A6 inches) inches) inches) inches) A3/B inches) US inches) B4 inches) B5 inches) the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of distributed EPSON only these to F to C) Humidity: to RH yellow, light light type EPSON Archival based) Bidirectional with ESC/P inch 1/720-inch feed milliseconds 1/6-inch feeding 256KB and distributed EPSON** to inch to to to
A-2 Specifications To EPSON Other products to covered warranty. Dont the the expired. Black (T486011) capacity* (A4, coverage) Cartridge years from Installed: to F to C), month F C) Not to F to C), month F C) to F to C), month F C), hours F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) The often cleaning thaws and approximately hours F C). Printable sheets BL BR Cartridges light (T489011) (A4, coverage (A4, each coverage) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (W) (D) (H) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) A: top inch B: and right inch C: inch The inches C light (T488011) (T487011) A-2
Mechanical feed Friction front and optional of EPSON capacity, of Width: inches Depth: inches Height: inches without the (A3 Width: inches Depth: inches inches (A4 Width: inches Depth: inches inches A-3 Specifications A-3
A-4 Specifications the the back of the 240V 120V to 132V to 264V Rated to to Rated 1.0A 26W (ISO/IEC 10W or Operation: to F to C) to F to C), month F C) hours F C) Humidity Operation: to RH to RH without UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC CSA C108.8 A-4
Interfaces Interface IEEE-1284 Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or IEEE-1284 Synchronization: to IEEE-1284 to IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to IEEE-1284 Connector: Amphenol or ECP IEEE-1284 ECP Synchronization: to IEEE-1284 to IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to IEEE-1284 Connector: Amphenol or USB Interface Based Universal Specifications Revision Universal Class Definition Devices USB Recommended A-5 Specifications A-5
feed, and lights light release and and lights lights and lights Cleaning head (beneath cover) front