assembly cover assembly assembly plate Cartridges Cartridge Black S020187 S020191 cover light thickness light light cleaning EPSON S041060 A4 S041059 EPSON High Quality S041111 A4 S041117 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Quality S041124 A4 S041126 EPSON Quality A4 A6 EPSON A4 inches) light EPSON S041064 A4 S041063 EPSON Quality A6 S041054 Cards S041122 EPSON Cards A6 S041147 (with EPSON (CD-ROM and EPSON only) EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153/ S041155 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 Specifications Black each: yellow) Bidirectional with ESC/P EPSON Remote 32KB Character The character PC437 (U.S., and PC selected the buttons. the turned off. Then the EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR A6, A6, cleaning and the to the Then release both buttons. S041062 S041061 S041067 S041072 S041071 S041107 S041141 S041140 S041134 S041145 S041144-KIT S041144
EPSON COLOR type Thickness sheets inches) inches) inches) inches) A4 A5 B5 inches) A4 A6 A4 Self-adhesive sheets distributed EPSON inches DL, inches C6, inches A6 distributed EPSON inches inches) A4 inches A6 sheet distributed EPSON Iron-On Cool inches) distributed EPSON the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or distributed EPSON these to F to C) Humidity: to RH EPSON and sheets these to F to C) Humidity: to RH EPSON COLOR and to inch distributed EPSON to and distributed EPSON or to inch to to to distributed EPSON to to
Printable B-R B-L A: The top inch sheets of EPSON Quality the top inches B-L: The inch B-R: The right as follows: and inch other sheets inch DL inch inch C6 C: The inch the first. should first. You the to inch selecting as the the However, the expanded to B-L B-R C B-L, B-R A: The top inch BL, BR: The and right inch C: The inch C Cartridge Black (S020187) (S020191) Color(s) Black capacity* text (ISO/IEC graphic coverage) Cartridge years from (within months F C)) Installed: to F to C) month F C) Uninstalled: to F to C) month F C) Transit to F to C) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) The often clean the head. and approximately hours F C). To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranties. EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR C EPSON 6-inch perforations) coverage) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H)
EPSON COLOR Mechanical Friction top entry, front sheets of capacity Width: inches Depth: inches inches Width: inches Depth: inches inches without the Specification to to Rated to to Rated A) A) (ISO/IEC This IT phase-to- phase of V. the the back of the to F to C) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) hours F C) (without Operation to RH to RH EPSON COLOR UL with D3, CSA C22.2 with D3 EMC FCC B, CSA C108.8 Interface with interface with the following characteristics: IEEE-1284 Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or IEEE-1284 Amphenol or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284
light light light The four lights the and to The light when the and ready to The light flashes when the or operation such as cleaning the head. or light flashes supply light to the Cartridge instructions. the light or incorrectly loaded. of the curled, creased, together, or too thin. the the right and the to the Then the the light flashes Turn off the and of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. the the right and the to the Then the light cleaning button. the EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR and and the and lights of the head. Turn off the the seconds; then it If this clear the or EPSON as the the lights flash, internal Turn off the the seconds; then If this clear the or EPSON as the the lights off the these the turned Turn off the the securely, and turn the the outlet switch or and
EPSON COLOR Cartridge the the grounded Dont switch or or that the as This the which the memory or its supply. the from their Then off the of the the top of each It of the the off the You the yellow from the top of the or permanently Dont the from the Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the and the cover. to the The Press the light flashes, the lights and the to the the to the or off. switch, such as EPSON COLOR and the the their with the facing and the back of the the they cleaning and the cover. Press the The the head and charging the Charging to three this the light flashes, and the sounds. Dont off the or the charging or than necessary. Charging when the light flashing and off the when the light flashing, the hasnt or than
Testing the You to whether from the or other If the satisfactory, the software the or If the correctly, there with Follow these to the both the and turned off. the from the the the the the light to flash. Then release both buttons. The containing the ROM counter and the shown below: the off the to the interface then the and and the Whether or to to the the below. this of this sheets... top first) the the thickness to the sheets) EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON EPSON inch top Quality and EPSON the sheets) EPSON the option to itespecially includes the appear correctly when EPSON Quality This allows to top EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR Then this software... Quality
EPSON COLOR Additional Loading Dont the cleaning sheets that included with they the to the (whiter) of the the You to the arrow the to the option, remember to the the that to correctly; follow instructions the the and the If the protective each of to the protective Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to You empty. To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020187 S020191 EPSON COLOR If to the lights the too follow the instructions Outdated Cartridge or EPSON (U.S. only). please Removing Empty Cartridge If the cleaning when neither light flashing or the cleans the head Cleaning the Head). light flashing or Follow these You when the the turned and the and the cover. the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant cleaning and three seconds. The head slightly to the and the Press the light flashing. the The from its Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the of the and of Follow the the section to the or
the New Cartridge Once the ready to the Follow these the from its You the yellow from the top of the the permanently the clear from the of the the yellow of the the top of the the (Its of the yellow tear off.) the its with the facing and the back of the Press the If to the other as Empty Cartridge Then follow through this section. cleaning and the cover. Press the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than The the head and charging the The light flashes and the sounds. Charging about finished, Outdated Cartridge If than months to You that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, try or both Follow these to the or the turned and the and the cover. To the the head hand. and seconds the head to the Press the the The from its the of the and of the from its only the yellow of the the top of the the the its with the facing and the back of the Press the Press the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than The the head and charging the light flashes and the sounds. Charging about finished, The EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR light flashing or Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with and the cover.
EPSON COLOR Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the they properly. Dont the cleaning that included with they the Cleaning the head clean only You of the following to the head: The Head Cleaning software the rather than The buttons. the Head Cleaning Follow these to the the turned and that the and lights off. If light the cleaning the head. and NT Click to and then Right-click the EPSON COLOR the Select NT). Double-click the the group. Double-click the Select EPSON COLOR from the of and Click the You the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about which the and the light flashing), to to that the head and to the cleaning the cleaning finished (the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than EPSON COLOR light flashes. the and Then Next the instructions examining the If the to the If the Clean to clean the head If the the Follow these to the head: the turned and and that the and lights off. If light the cleaning the head. turn off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about which the and the Press the light flashing, to that the head and the cleaning You this or the Head Cleaning Utility). the cleaning and the If another cleaning the the It should something this: and straight should with the (the and the and yellow). If If as shown below, the head as the light flashes.
the Head If or to the head. To the head to through Follow these the turned and loaded. the Click the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to and the EPSON or photo whenever the head Cleaning the Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the Dont or the To its should clean following these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. the cover closed Clean of the with cloth. Transporting the If to to and the To the when the Follow these Turn the and the head the right Then off the the from the Then the interface from the from the and the the and the the and the the protective that with the Unpacking that with the to the as If the the head; the head. Related TM-SC467 EPSON COLOR Service PL-SC640 EPSON COLOR CPD-6967 EPSON COLOR CPD-6968 EPSON COLOR ESC6400698 EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR