A5 SETUP.FM CRE Sign-off: Attaching the First Checking the the Cartridges the Software the Connecting the XXX-00
A5 SETUP.FM Attaching the the the the rear of the the slightly from the of the that the turned off. It off when the the the back of the to the the matches that of the outlet Also, that the It to the If the rated and match, the cord. If the attached to the to the AC the back of the the properly grounded CRE Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM CRE Sign-off: Connecting the If PC, to to the or USB interface. only connected the USB interface. geographic location, to the and Products" the to PC the USB interface, which with USB interface To the to PC, shielded, twisted-pair both the and turned off. the securely the interface Then the together they both If ground wire, to the ground below the interface the other of the the interface. If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the
A5 SETUP.FM USB interface and To the to USB shielded USB Follow these both the and turned off. the of the the USB the back of the (The that fits the from the that fits the the other of the to the USB the Software connecting the to to the software included the Software EPSON COLOR CD-ROM shipped with software includes: and The or to such as type, and The Head and Head top operating EPSON or EPSON Macintosh) of and displays information such as the amount of The through the process. The Reference and learn about and CRE Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM CRE Sign-off: If the of the software, of the EPSON software installation. If to of the software CD- ROM, the creation included the CD. Follow these to software. that off. Turn and If the New Found or other appears, the software CD shipped with the CD- ROM The appears. users, the and the then the and then Double-click then OK the that appears to the software installation. Follow the on-screen instructions to users, the automatically. connected USB the USB this appear to Follow this instruction. turning the the automatically. Follow the on-screen instructions to the the head and the head. appears informing that the OK Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, Printed
A5 SETUP.FM If the to to the the appears informing that the OK If appears, the or the EPSON USB correctly. "Troubleshooting" the the to to first Ensuring that the USB correctly Follow the below to that the USB correctly. Click the to and that the appears the Click the then the Click the and that (EPSON COLOR the to the following CRE Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM CRE Sign-off: If the displayed, to the "Troubleshooting" section of the or the Turn off protection software. Follow these to software. Turn and the software CD the CD-ROM The EPSON software automatically. If appears, the If containing appear, the then the At the The following appears. To the software included software CD- ROM, the Location displays the then appears informing that the installation to Selecting the Chooser the software to the Chooser and You the first or whenever to switch to another the selected.
A5 SETUP.FM Choose Chooser from the Apple Then and the connected to. the Background to background or off. background while to the EPSON to background turned the Chooser. the Cartridges the If or NT the should when software users, please to the following section. the the the to the the the following. Warning: The self-contained ordinary from If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with CRE Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM CRE Sign-off: the them, or the the as follows: the then the cover. The head to the which the The Turn the the lights the head hand. the light flashes and the and
A5 SETUP.FM back the release and the the Next, the from each You the from the them; otherwise, and the become the of the from the otherwise, the become and to the from the of the otherwise, the their with the facing The which the right and the the the CRE Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM CRE Sign-off: both If of the the Press the they Once the their the otherwise, the become cleaning The the head and charging the This about and Press the the cleaning to the head. the head hand. Doing the light flashes and the of mechanical sounds. These sounds the charged, the head to its right) and the While the the off the while the the cover. light light flashing.
A5 SETUP.FM Checking the first to the correctly and, necessary, cleaning the head. Loading Follow these to the the and the Next, the that the the slightly than the of of then to the the of the with the and the right of the resting the right Then the the of the the first. the fits the arrow the CRE Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM CRE Sign-off: Checking the head the below) and the that the turned off. the the below) to the Then release both buttons. head to deaned. If the satisfactorily of the then should clean the head as below. If the satisfactory, ready to first First instructions. Cleaning the head Follow the below to the head. that the lights off. the light and that both the cleaning three seconds. and
A5 SETUP.FM light flashing. head cleaning about thirty seconds to The cleaning the head and the off the while the light flashing. Doing the the light flashing, to that the head clean and to the cleaning If hasnt repeating the and cleaning four or First operating correctly, ready to first To with the software, of the with software. To follow the instructions or this section. If choose to instead, the then to the section below, where software to software. the type of and the type of to from those this section. Follow these to the A4 or EPSON Quality the the CD-ROM. If the appears, Double-click the and then the CD-ROM Then the to CRE Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM CRE Sign-off: To the the and to the below (This from selected the then Properties The Click the then anywhere the and Quality Select as the selected as the selected, the software other to the and Click the then anywhere the and the the Click OK the of the You to the (or Click or OK to You to click of these buttons. While the EPSON appear, showing the and the of
A5 SETUP.FM Follow these to the A4 or the the software CD. the EPSON and the README Choose from the The following appears. Select the the from the Select as the OK to the You from the You from the Choose from the The appears. Select from the Select as the option. selected as the selected, the software other to the and Click to CRE Sign-off: