Cartridges 256KB Cartridge Black S020189 S020191 EPSON S041060 A4 S041059 EPSON High Quality S041111 A4 S041117 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Quality S041124 A4 S041126 EPSON Quality A4 A6 cover thickness S041062 S041061 S041067 S041072 S041071 S041107 EPSON A4 inches inches) EPSON S041064 EPSON Quality A6 S041054 Cards inches S041122 EPSON (CD-ROM and EPSON only) EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153/S041155 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 Heavyweight S041257 Specifications Black each: yellow) Bidirectional with ESC/P EPSON EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR A6, A6, S041141 S041140 S041134 S041145 S041144-KIT S041144
EPSON COLOR type Thickness inches) inches) inches) inches) A4 A5 inches) A4 A6 inches) distributed EPSON Heavyweight A4 distributed EPSON inches DL, inches C6, inches inches) A6 distributed EPSON inches inches) A4 A6 frames/sheet distributed EPSON Iron-On Cool inches) EPSON the sheet first. should first, with the the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or these to F to C) Humidity: to RH EPSON Quality and these to F to C) Humidity: to RH EPSON COLOR and to inch distributed EPSON to and distributed EPSON or to inch to to to distributed EPSON B-L B-R A: The top inch of EPSON Quality the top inches B-L: The inch B-R: The right as follows: inch and C6 inch DL inch C: The inch You the to inch selecting as the Printable the expanded to B-L B-R C to to C
EPSON 6-inch perforations) A: The top inch R: The and right inch C: The inch Cartridges Black Specification (S020189) (S020191) Color(s) Black capacity* text (ISO/IEC graphic coverage) Cartridge years from (within months F C]) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) The based The the and often the head. thaws and approximately hours F C). To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranties. Dont the the expired. C coverage) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) Mechanical Friction Sheet sheets of Width: inches Depth: inches Width: inches Depth: inches inches without the to to Rated to to Rated (ISO/IEC the the back of the to F to C) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) hours F C) (without to RH to RH UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR
EPSON COLOR light light light cleaning Follow these when the Cartridge the First lights. The light when the and ready to It flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. flashes and the light flashes and both lights Press the and to to clear the If that off the and the of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Turn the and the to the light or incorrectly loaded. of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Press the or light flashes, supply S020189, S020191). or light to the S020189, S020191). instructions. and and the lights and the lights of the head or the yellow from the cartridge(s). Turn off the the cover, and Then the back If light and the head the cartridge(s) as If the lights and/or or EPSON. and EPSON COLOR to and and the lights flash, internal the as the Then off the seconds, and If the lights flash, or EPSON. light the lights off, the off these the turned Turn off the the securely, and the the outlet and switch or If using another Follow these both and them of or the the from the top of the or permanently them. Dont the clear the or Dont to to with Once cant light flashing, the hasnt or than turn off the when the of the reach of If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the and the cover. to the The Press the light flashes and the lights The Dont that switch or or the as to the supply. to the or off. switch, such as switch. the and
the the then the of the the top. Dont off the both with the facing as shown. Press the they the cleaning and the cover. Press the light flashing and the finished. charging about with the Dont off the or charging or using than necessary. Its finished when the light flashing. Testing the You to whether from the or other Follow these to the both the and turned off. the from the the then and release the the holding the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and the shown below. (If the its to the head; To the off the the Then the interface and and If the the software the interface or If the with the and the EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR
EPSON COLOR Whether or to the to the the below. Select this this and EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Quality Quality EPSON EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight Additional Loading Dont the cleaning sheets that included with they the to the (whiter) of the the You to the arrow the to the option, to the the If the protective each of to the protective EPSON COLOR that to correctly; follow instructions the the and the (The EPSON COLOR cover.) Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to the You empty. the the obtained the the head these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020189 S020191 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please If to the lights the too follow the instructions Outdated Cartridge
Removing and Cartridges light flashing or (If these when both lights off, the cleans the heads as You when the Once the the Follow these to the and (the light should flashing), then the cover. cleaning and about three seconds the head and the Press the light flashing. To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant the The from its (The shows To the only the the the of the and of of the reach of If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with or the Then the yellow of the top. Dont the of the You the from the top of the or permanently Dont off the or try to the clear the the its with the facing and the back of the Press the the If to the other through with cleaning and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes, and the Charging about seconds. finished, the The light flashing and EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR (S020189) (S020191)
EPSON COLOR off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Outdated Cartridge than months to that as as they If cleaning and the head, or both or Follow these to the light flashing or the turned and (the light should flashing), then the cover. and about three seconds the head and the Press the light flashing. To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant the The from its (The shows To the the the the of the and of EPSON COLOR of the reach of If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the Then the of the top. Dont the of the You the yellow from the top of the or permanently Dont off the or to the clear the the its with the facing and the back of the Press the the If to the other through with (S020189) (S020191)
and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes and the Charging about seconds. finished, the The light flashing and off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head only You the head of the following the Head Cleaning (when the connected to as using the buttons, as the Its to turn least once month to If with cleaning the cleaning with the the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning the turned and both the and lights off. (If light flashing, the If the with to then Right-click EPSON COLOR the Then NT). Click the Macintosh: Click the On the the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to clean the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to the head and the cleaning the the and Then Next The If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the the You the off and overnightthis allows to then try cleaning the head the to Clean the Head Follow these to the head: the turned and both the lights off. (If light flashing, the cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the Press the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to the and the cleaning the If connected directly to the to to If and containing and Then to If the with to then Right-click EPSON COLOR the Then NT). EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR light flashes. and light flashes.
EPSON COLOR Click the Click the button. the the and Next The the section If the its If the Clean to clean the head If cleaning three or four the the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the the It should something this: Each and straight should with the If If as shown below, clean the head instructions. the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head EPSON COLOR Follow these the turned and loaded. thats least inches to from the and the EPSON the whenever the head If the with to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR the Select NT). Click the Click the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to Select the from the choices the the of the following the instructions the Cleaning the To its should clean Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the and or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the
Transporting the If to its Follow these To the when the to the the its location. Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the Repack the and the the protective that with the that with to the as the the the head and If the head the head the to the Related TM-SC760 EPSON COLOR Service PL-SC760 EPSON COLOR CPD EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR CPD EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR CPD EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR the EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR
EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR