EPSON COLOR
written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. Copyright Notice SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON, EPSON and ESC/P and ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SoundAdvice service and PhotoEnhance and EPSON FaxAdvice of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those ESC7400399 Copyright America, Inc. The EPA of or service. NERGY TAR
Introduction EPSON COLOR the With to and business graphics, photography, or photographic graphics, and ColorSync and matching brightness, sharpness, and other advanced with of The software Microsoft and specially formulated and of offer the flexibility the With and high-speed USB (Universal and easy. This chapter information about these
ENERGY STAR Instructions To Ready To and its software with PC, should or IBM PC with least or NT recommended) DOS, Microsoft or NT At least 16MB of RAM (32MB or or 64MB NT recommended) At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) VGA, VGA, or and Introduction CD-ROM or recommended) the software
high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 D-SUB, and to The the interface from to USB to with and USB shielded USB AB to shielded USB improperly the to than malfunction. Introduction
To and its software with should or G3 (USB only) or (USB LC475, LC575, LC630 One of the following If USB software. and the the EPSON OS Apple from Apple this recommended); software the EPSON or or CD-ROM or USB or G3 with or At least 50MB of (100MB recommended) At least 16MB of RAM (20MB or recommended) If EPSON USB includes and the to OS the software. Introduction 13-inch RGB or
shielded USB AB interface from to USB to or G3, to II or DIN F2V024 recommended) CD-ROM or recommended) the software shielded USB improperly the to than malfunction. Introduction
thickness Introduction
To and the software, the This the following information: covers the basics of with or Macintosh. How To or other and instructions selecting the right and Transportation instructions cleaning and the head, and cleaning and the Advanced to and distinctive layouts. to and while Troubleshooting with or software. Specifications the technical and EPSON To right to the section the Introduction
to to to this information throughout Notes, and Notes information about hints and to reduce The EPA Office NERGY TAR the introduction of computers, with the and office industry to caused the efficiency. NERGY TAR EPSON that this NERGY TAR ENERGY STAR Introduction
the other of ready the EPSON Ready. year Year Ready the following instructions to the and effectively: Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating Instructions or off the Dont switch off the light off. the the or the the as or to properly grounded outlets. that switch and off. or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the Introduction
the near where the easily the rating of the rating of the the If with the the the cords Also, outlet the fiche the become or frayed. as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the If the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. If them immediately with If off with and of the the or the Introduction
the to with The Once the or become otherwise. the or try to them. This to the head. of the reach of the immediately from its Leaving the reduced this the the the the within months of them. this the off the the or off the to the light flashes then the the right and the the the head light off. Introduction
the software, following the instructions the Its easy to and with EPSON COLOR and Read this chapter to about: from from This section about: from instructions with DOS, DOS from Applications Checking
from Applications This section the to Advanced information about advanced and to the and You the clicking the to or the option from the then clicking the then to options You Click EPSON COLOR selected, and then the or (You to of buttons boxes.)
to Quality/Speed the You then the Click to type Click to Click information Click the necessary. Then choose the to from the following Quality Quality Quality the To the highest to or of the EPSON
Its to the If which to choose, The type of choose the the option to This the to of of Choose or Black Selecting Quality and Effects to the Advanced To or other instructions. the or the highest the the to Quality or This choose The Quality/Speed types. and Selecting Click the and choose of Click the with and the reduce/enlarge, and instructions. Click OK the Click OK when finished The the OK or
If to and them to the the apply to the To the the through the or through software While appears showing the and the of Checking information. or NT the NT You the such as software Select or NT), then the You the shown from Click to and Right-click the EPSON COLOR Applications with the top.
Select EPSON COLOR from the of and You the shown from Applications Double-click the the group. Double-click the While software reports the the following operating or NT Checking
or NT, the appears Click to Click to or NT of You the buttons to or The shows the of and the Click to the Click to appears information This and whether to the or You the software Selecting the instructions. If information about and the information.
the EPSON appears This shows the of and the of If of while the You the buttons to or Click to Click to Click to or You the the information.
Advanced information about advanced the to with Macintosh, to the software each This section from from applications. On the Macintosh, templates to another. If with to the and You the and to Follow these to from Macintosh: Selecting and Choose and other options as OK software that each You Custom
the and You the type Click to Choose the of and which to the Quality/Speed to Click to Choose the to from the following Quality Quality or of the to the highest the Quality EPSON
Its to the If which to choose, The type of choose the the option to This the to of of Choose or Black Selecting and the to and Choosing Click the other to To or the Advanced Quality and the or the highest the the to Quality or This choose Effects instructions. The Quality/Speed types. To background options Background the and Selecting Then OK to to the Background
If chose background when while then the and If to to the the Click when finished the the following background options: Background Printing Turn background or off background Chooser. You or off the and to the and You the the the the the Follow these Background Click the
You the following Not background turned off To the of to of the following: To background or off, the On or button. Normal to the the to the the and the to the right Click OK to and to the (Click to and return.) to the the ready to release EPSON to Normal
Advanced matching graphics, photographs, or other EPSON COLOR software. You the advanced choose or brightness, sharpness, and softwares options of and with This includes the following information: Selecting and Quality and Effects ColorSync the Selecting Custom the Custom
Custom easy to type of Follow these to with types: or software. Custom from or from You of the following boxes: Access the as Click Advanced then to of Click Custom then to of Advanced NT
to Click Custom then of Choose the to (If which to choose, Selecting Click Custom Advanced and then Custom You the of types. Choose or Black with the choose choose. and type. or and brightness. Corrects and or and PhotoEnhance3 NT, or Macintosh) or the of the PhotoEnhance Choose the right and following these and PhotoEnhance PhotoEnhance3 or with Advanced
graphics-intensive with charts and and the and highlights. Text/Graph using or Corrects and other with (such as and to such as those the World First created with only with to closely match the If ICM created ICM ICM and only) rough of text only. Automatically to closely match the information, ColorSync only) Advanced ColorSync the
the and to or as Selecting and On Macintosh, or the and the as Selecting and Choosing Choosing finished, OK or If using other that Quality and Effects with effects, the If the or to software. Follow these Access the as or software. from or from them whenever group. Then them as Advanced Advanced then the More Click and then the Advanced Custom instructions.
Quality Click to You the Advanced More Quality Click to NT of these or other options choose of these or other options choose Advanced
Click to Quality of these or other options choose following the from and Choose the and to from or Normal high-resolution or Quality low-resolution rough Choose of the following Quality options Quality The the choose. Advanced
the highest-resolution or Quality high-resolution or Quality Choose of the following options: the Custom selected based the preselected each type photographic each with the around or other that of bright Dithering text only. when the High to off or the fast, bidirectional quality. If head; the Head instructions. High to effects (light Prints graphic MicroWeave Choose of the following options the selected or of the Advanced the Quality of the choose. Advanced
ironed-on correctly. Prints of with iron-on graphics, and art with and increases memory There three to the software: Click OK ready to to the or to to the graphics, or Custom to Correction accuracy. PhotoEnhance3 or Correction to photographs and other and to the tone or sharpness. appears as shown Custom the section of The appearance of the More The appearance of the section of the Advanced the selected. Advanced
PhotoEnhance3 or Correction To the and sharpness of PhotoEnhance3 (PhotoEnhance and/or Correction with or software. PhotoEnhance3 Advanced section the to this the The Click the Advanced The section of the Advanced appears as shown Access the as Click then PhotoEnhance3 or as Custom from or from Click to necessary. shown the photograph. Correction and/or Click to the Advanced NT
tones, high or old-fashioned Select Normal Turn Correction to and other to You these You choose from or manually brightness, and CMY Select Sharpness to the the Click OK to to the Custom Text/Graph or as Custom Click Custom Advanced then Access the as or software. from or from Advanced
Click the Advanced The section of the Advanced appears as shown with Not NT ICM with section Advanced type or to this Custom the the The the information and correction accordingly. graphics-intensive with charts and and the and highlights. Choose of the following photographs. Photo-realistic Advanced
If to correction the to increase right) or the below. software the features of the Increases or the the bright or of or or Brightness that to these Increases or the amount of the three to the Click OK to to the Advanced
To the accuracy, (ICM; and only), and NT only), or ColorSync only), to them. or software. Correction Advanced section the to this ColorSync ICM or the The Click then ICM or only), only) as Custom and NT only), or ColorSync Click the Advanced The section of the Advanced appears as shown Access the as from or from ColorSync the Not NT with Advanced Printing NT
(such as and to such as those the World First created with recommended only with to closely match the If ICM created ICM ICM and only) Select of these correction Automatically to match the ColorSync the ColorSync only) information. The ColorSync their match as closely as Every or and ColorSync the Click OK to to the Advanced
EPSON COLOR printerto Then software to the First to ColorSync information from each of matching to OS Follow these to ColorSync and softwares ColorSync features. The or there information ColorSync. the ColorSync ColorSync If software, ColorSync, the ColorSync or If ColorSync. the already the ColorSync Profile the Apple Select from the and then Select Click the Profile Profile choose EPSON This the ColorSync created Dont choose other Click Custom then Advanced You the Advanced and to the and Click the ColorSync ColorSync Advanced
graphics-intensive with charts and Choose of the following options photographs. The selected. the options matching as exactly as the distinguishes them. Selecting and Click OK to to the inches or If the and You or of to inches and to the to to the of the with Follow the the section operating Advanced Selecting Selecting
Access the as or software. Follow these to options the Selecting from with to and reflects graphic Printable Click to graphics and to Click the You the Advanced
Click the to the of the Reducing and than the and with the Reduce/Enlarge the The with with information. If the Reduce/Enlarge to right that with that fits to the of the Normal and to Reducing and Creating A3/B Envelope B4 A3 B3 A2 US US C Envelope A6 Envelope DL Envelope C6 Index A4 B5 A5 If or the of to and choose the the Dont the of the of instructions.) information. Advanced
the the If of and The graphics to If and the first the without to the The graphics to first. and top first, with the of as as inch as inch This option The with as Select the of the with the options. To oriented as shown of the following the options below inch To increase the to of with of inch the to To the using The Printable the the checkbox. and and the expanded the as the Printable Advanced
Click the to or or OK to and them to the the option. You to This such as You from to inches, and height (length) from to inches. Creating Follow the from to the software, then the Click the and to the of the or Follow these to Click the option. You of the following boxes: Advanced NT
the field. Then and the and OK when to characters) The appears the inches, the option. finished, the To instead of or NT of inch and NT, the Height and (or inches. You the The the to the and selected as the You the the field and the the Height field. Then OK Click the to or or OK to and/or Unit as necessary, or Click OK when the the and the Height Click the Then, the or NT To or Advanced
the and You the Click the Then, the as necessary. Click OK when Selecting The and options software the the Follow the the The options and these sections selecting the Choosing and Selecting Advanced
the and You the or software. Follow these to the and Choosing and Click to options Click to reflects graphic to and Printable Click to Printable options Envelope EPSON Envelope DL Envelope C6 Envelope Click the to the of the A6 Index A4 B5 A5 Advanced
Select the of the with the options. To oriented as shown of the following the options below If the Creating first, with the of The as as as inch inch as and top inch To increase the to of with of inch the to To the The Printable the the and and the expanded the as the Printable the which printed, Selecting To of or instructions. Then from the to If finished selecting options, OK to the Advanced
such as You from to You to and them to the This inches, and height (length) from to inches. Follow these to Creating Click the You the following and Click the New and and and appear the the New field, selected as the the then The to the and OK the and of the and Height If to from to centimeters, the Advanced
Then click the of the and To the Click OK to to the Follow these to the and Selecting and You the Click the the other Choosing information the the the If of and The graphics to options Macintosh. Advanced
If and the first the without to the The graphics to first. Click OK to the sheet of and The options reduce or to You options to or Follow the the section operating Selecting Choosing options with Follow the these sections to options the Choosing Choosing Reducing and Advanced and
Reduce/Enlarge You the the to the of selected or choose to from its softwares reduce or to selected Reducing and Follow the from to the then the reducing the If to to to to inches, inches, to the US C This too to the Click the and the of the to Follow these to reduce or within the that If the selected to or reduce the to the manually. to Advanced
that the If the selected than the following the and OK This the to the fits the the the of the the select. The selected reduction and appear the graphic. reduction Advanced
If to the or to If ready to to Reduce/Enlarge Click the You the Advanced
option beneath the to becomes to the the The Select to to reduce or the active; the of the Select Normal to the to Select of the following Reduce/Enlarge to selected choose Normal the that than the If and then Select Custom then to the field to reduce or the amount. then the Select to of the If to options, If finished selecting OK and Advanced
options the software. You choose the the the and If of the each of to each and Follow the from to the To of sheet of the or Click the You the Follow these to the options: If the of the shown the on-screen graphic printed, to To the the Then the to from the that appears. Click to Advanced
If to each with the If finished selecting OK If to as that To first the instructions. to distributed to other of its or the should to of the You to each to Follow the from to the Follow these to To the WaterMark Click the You the WaterMark appear each and the option (as If selected Advanced
Copy Not Copy Top Then highlight of the following Priority Click to To the or specify appears, the You the following To off from the Click to created selections the graphic to Specify these options To created as the Advanced
Click to Then type and You the following and You to NT, the 15MB With to the field. Click the to to the to characters the then OK Click the You selection to the containing the to the and OK from the the and To the The appears as the selected the and shown the graphic. Advanced
choosing the following options. The on-screen graphic the the to appear to the choose. selects where the to appear Top-Right Right or Bottom-Right (from to based where the the or of the You Black or choose its the of the or as the graphic. If choose printed. shown the the the the displays If If finished options, OK to the Advanced
Follow the these sections to options the and the to Option from its softwares to to the of option to to the centered selected Follow these to the to option: the to Option the and You the to inches, the Click the and the of the option. or software. Advanced
inches), the to If to this 6-inch EPSON to that If to this the to to reduce the to the to that the and You the Click OK to the to You the Click the Select On to reduce or the to the the Select to the to Select of the following to options: Advanced
The option beneath the to becomes active. and appear beneath the selected The selected This the reduction or the of the the to the the the graphic. graphic displays the selected and Select the the If to If finished selecting OK and Advanced
choose the the the and If and of the each of options the software. You to each and or the To of of You the Click the the and You the and to Follow these to the options: If the of the shown the graphic printed, to Click the arrow and Advanced To the the arrow the Then the to
If to each with the checkbox. If finished selecting OK If to options, to distributed to other PICT of its or the should to of the You to each to and to the and click PICT as PICT that To first the instructions. To of the the arrow the the and choose of these: button. the the You the Copy Not Copy Top Priority appear each and the If selected option (as Advanced to
To created as PICT the You the following Click the to PICT You to from PICT to 1MB to the containing the PICT to Click the You selecting the and The of PICT appears the field and to the Click the to the the from the To and the The appears as the selected the and shown the graphic. You Black or choose its choosing the following options. The graphic to the the to appear the choose. Advanced
(from to based where the the or of the To the and of the the the graphic. appear the corners of the graphic and the to hand. shown the the the displays If choose the graphic. If printed. Click and of the the to anywhere to the Click and boxes; the to hand. Click To the the of the and the to reduce or the To the anywhere the graphic and of these top-center, lower-right, bottom-center, or lower-left. If finished OK to the Advanced
You of with the shows the of the following software software. the such as to and options, such as and Printable the and You the and to The to the Click the Advanced Printing
Click the You the The to the Click the and buttons buttons to back or or the field. The first the first of To or the the To the of the the following buttons: to the the Click to the further Click to the Click Advanced To To the and to
the as group. Then them the You to or of then the Advanced as Quality and Custom the as from then Advanced Click the You this Effects to characters) and the Advanced
Click OK to the Advanced with Advanced) Then the Custom and Macintosh, the selected.) the selected group. (On To the Custom To or Custom To the options the follow these Advanced) Then the of the From the Custom to the Custom or Custom Custom OK to the More and the the finished and the (If the instead of existing and to Click the Advanced More Advanced
the of the the Custom On the Then the to (Click to Click OK to (Click If using You the to From the then Advanced Advanced then the the Advanced Click the Custom necessary. (You of the Select the the Custom and Then OK to the types.) Advanced
of to You of and EPSON COLOR about with specially cards, and of EPSON from to iron-on the photo-quality Follow the this chapter Selecting Loading and
below the EPSON and the and software. The to choose the each Selecting Quality S041111 S041117 EPSON High Quality A4 S041060 S041059 A4 EPSON S041153/S041155 EPSON Cool Iron-On S041062 S041061 S041067 A4 EPSON Quality S041054 S041122 inches A6 EPSON Quality Cards S041106 A4 EPSON Quality
S041124 S041126 A4 EPSON Quality S041134 S041141 S041140 S041145 inches A4 EPSON S041064 S041063 A4 EPSON Quality S041144-KIT S041072 S041071 S041107 S041144 EPSON Quality A4 A6 A6 A6 EPSON EPSON (CD-ROM and EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please To EPSON and other or
Loading and The following the type of the and the Dont the cleaning they that the included with and to their as as information. of with these sheets If included protective cover the You to the arrow the the facing Follow instructions the following within of purchase. and within months. Preprinted Forms, and EPSON Quality and
EPSON Quality EPSON Cool Iron-On EPSON Quality Cards EPSON EPSON Preprinted Forms, and the top first. the and both EPSON Quality and You to sheets of or or to On Quality With sheets loaded, the top inches If to top and sheet or with the or beneath the (Dont with Quality
If corner, the as shown the software corner. of It to the when with the each from the immediately printed. each
You to first, with the as shown below: to them thick, or the If the of than 0.4-inch Select as the and choose the as the the software. If smears when or other thick the thickness to the as shown below. the to the other
as as the from processing. 6-inch perforated around the You EPSON to photographs that and the to the of the paperon EPSON Then the and If the its top while the sheet beneath the included the You to of 6-inch, or or of the following when using EPSON the with the whiter facing resealable their them covering and humidity, and them from heat, or other airtight To sunlight. to feed the as the Select as the and from the to as the
with and beneath the the perforated as shown and to If 6-inch follow these software, to inches the covers the the perforations as shown. Printed
EPSON as the as the as the Printable the back and forth the perforations and tear the off. Choose these software the thickness to the the the as the Then the 6-inch EPSON with of the completely. and You
You to the included the and them as shown below. EPSON Quality Cards to and the to Quality the thickness to the as shown ready to the the software.
these of to that such as cards, invitations, or other items. to sheets and that with the beneath the of to EPSON these sheets to or You sheets to their them. ready to Quality as the and A6 as the software. EPSON Quality ready to Quality as the software.
You or these and then T-shirts or other cloth items. of as the EPSON Cool Iron-On itespecially includes correctly when You the software to this Quality and Effects instructions). follow the instructions that with the to the the or other
You them to and software includes the or to and This chapter instructions the following: NT
software offers three to and which appears each or off and other options the Selecting the as Checking You the and NT other options. or know service to to workstations include finished. If or when NT NT from the and which of options, as appears the the of the each with NT), which as the
displays the the and To the software You the software and from the as below. Click to then Selecting the and or Right-click the EPSON COLOR and NT) from the Click the You the Click the
Not with NT You this You this If than when whether or the of High of the using as cache. Checking information the Select the following options:
You of these beneath EPSON with NT the of EPSON instead of the the EPSON option: High (DMA) that already DMA higher DMA instructions DMA know that or technical DMA them. If DMA Click OK to the and to the Then OK to software.
C:\WINDOWS\TEMP The software then the to The with NT) temporary and the C:\TEMP or the right To while the EPSON COLOR that appears the the of the You the the and them. To or the to highlight then the The displays the of the of the Command buttons
If it of Follow these to and Click the EPSON COLOR the Click Click the information about and monitored. background isnt already and You connected directly to when using bidirectional the Follow the instructions these Preferences Background the the
Click EPSON COLOR the The highlighted. Click to the and EPSON To background follow these Background the and Background or (to Select from (to background background right the as Preferences using the Preferences There You the to to the Click the the to highlight or Preferences from the and the Right-click the the and Preferences from the Preferences and turned to the Background Background instructions. Background
which the of the to to You the Preferences If or of the the appears only If the the appears whenever or turn when the when the selected and/or when Select and when to while when the or off Turn background the selected
The of the the the type of as the to the Click the to highlight then Click to the the information there to Once background and Click to the and EPSON the the right of Double-click the the
and Count title The of to appears the and If than to that to To this, them the option the To to from the the the and from the appear the options or them the clicking the the If You the appearance of items the or Count title and selecting the clicking the Select You the of the the to background
The of the the as follows: Other options the or as the and the the and/or or occurred and/or Ready to There to the the of the occurred or Double-click the the the Click the the to highlight or from the and the
You the clicking the the Checking If currently using the software, the then the EPSON Right-click the the Installed and from the or the You the The and correction information. Preferences of what to appear troubleshooting If appear the right and If of this to the graphic
The graphic the and information: isnt correctly Ready to Condition Graphic Black Another type of occurred occurred
To the amount of the These graphics the amount of (The Information information the Click the the to highlight or from the and click the To information the to the with NT). There to the Right-click the the and from the to the to and the Both allow The information.
You the and the software to or the as the or First the to or The options or of the to highlight Information currently or to appears
The when to to and to to that the the It allows to the background while If the section software includes the and The when to the It displays to information. Checking the C:\WINDOWS\TEMP directory, and assigns to The The the to software software then the to the right temporary the C:\TEMP or the
You double-clicking the the EPSON group. To while the EPSON the of To of the following: You the the or You the the to the of the and the directory. Click and them. You The displays the of the information.
If of Follow these to and the as the Click If while or try directory. the and Then directory where to C:\SPLTEMP. and the Directory choose from the The EPSON COLOR selected, and then appears. this checked. the directory to the created Then OK the as the
the the directory to the created Then OK Choose Directory from the software includes and It includes while to track that to printed, and when to the It If background and background You options The to that You to The to of and where Background Printing information.
and You then while (however, background The to the to and or them. the Chooser from the Apple and the SC Then the Background On and the Chooser. To this to background and increase the memory as software; You background while To increase the memory EPSON Info from the and the Memory to the Then choose or RAM. Background instructions.
Application the right of the You the While the EPSON the following with or Click to currently You track the with the or and these command buttons: to to to
To to the then the arrow the of the and the If and release the from the to the EPSON the highlighted selected Priority The Priority becomes active. Click the arrow and of the following the Normal the the the ready to release clicking the Normal the the
OK the and the below You the to the of Follow these Choose or from the You the You the Click the information about these and Transportation
Click the EPSON The software the amount of the and the Click to the To the the To the OK
You the the to and and temporary the Follow these Choose or from the You Selecting Click the button. You the You the Click the when these appear these appear when Click to the these and/or the Click to
Warning choose whether warning and text or text only. whether to and text or Select the options as follows: the Click the Select to the from created when to the Temporary and Temporary High that the temporary and high the shown. software to Click the to software to Click the the to finishing OK to to the
and Transportation Its easy to EPSON COLOR its follow the instructions this chapter Cartridge Cleaning the Head Transporting the the Head Cleaning the
This to the light the and light flashes, the indicated to these EPSON within months of them and the the Cartridge or the www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please or EPSON or Black S020189 S020191 them. Other products covered EPSON to To and warranty. the too follow the instructions If to the lights Outdated Cartridge and Transportation
when both lights off the cleans the heads, cleaning as Cleaning the Head light flashing or (If the Removing and Cartridges or Follow these to You when the the of the top as shown below. Dont off the or to the clear the the from its the You the top of the or the clear permanently the yellow from the from the of the and then the cover. Black the head To the hand. and Transportation
(The head to its to within seconds.) the The from its light flashing. cleaning and about three seconds the head and the Press the Dont the or with Once cant to the of the and of thoroughly with and If them If them immediately with Warning: and Transportation
the its with the facing and the back of the cleaning and the cover. Press the If to the other the to Press the or than hasnt flashing, the off the while the light sounds. Charging finished, light flashes, and the the The the head and charging the the charging seconds the light flashing and The and Transportation
as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or If than months to You that both Outdated Cartridge or as the turned and then the cover. light and three seconds the head to the The Follow these to the Removing and Cartridges light flashing or Press the the head To the hand. The the head and charging the The the and the as Removing and Cartridges Dont buttons, however. light flashes and the sounds. Charging finished, the and the cover. Press the or than hasnt flashing, the off the while the light and Transportation light flashing and
from the to the head. This If unexpectedly light or or the they properly. You clean the head of the following Cleaning the head only Cleaning the Head With the Head Cleaning software (when connected to the the Head Cleaning Access the as the and the You the Click the or the Follow these to the Head Cleaning from or from and lights off. and and Transportation Click the Head Cleaning
the and Next The or Confirmation Then light flashing, to the and the cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning which the and the light flashes. the or than hasnt the turn off the while the light cleaning If cleaning or three the If the Clean to another If the the Quality the turned and and that the seconds. Cleaning which the cleaning and three and the lights off. Follow these to the head: the and Press the and Transportation light flashes.
light flashing, to the and the cleaning If connected directly to the to and containing and If DOS or Then to the or than hasnt flashing, the off the while the light then Next The the and the the and the as from or You the Click the or the from If cleaning or three the Troubleshooting If the Clean to another cleaning If the and Transportation
something this, with the the It should and the If as shown below, the head Cleaning the Head instructions. with the If Each and straight should and Transportation
software. connected to If to the head using the Head to this Follow these the turned and loaded. the Head and This thats the from least inches Access the as Click the or the You the Follow the instructions the to and the from or from and Click the Head whenever the EPSON the the head and Transportation
To its should following these Turn off the the cord, and the Cleaning the Dont the the Clean of the with cloth. Clean the of the with cloth. the from the sheet they the or thinner cleaning; and Dont or Dont the Dont or the and Transportation
Turn the and the head the right Then off the If to its Follow these Transporting the the protective that with the the and the that with from the and the the from the Then the interface from the the and the the To when the to the as If the the head Cleaning the Head the head the Head and Transportation
Troubleshooting or other The first thing should the following the this chapter. Then the the fixed. This chapter covers the following and Software Quality Fixing Printout Uninstalling Software Where To
To the the lights; Checking the Lights or NT instructions, the with You the to There of to On Macintosh, the the To whether the caused the instructions. If about or ID Confirming the ID with to the information, the and the ReadMe the EPSON or If of the this chapter to and then software, Uninstalling Software instructions. Troubleshooting If of the EPSON or Where To
light Checking the Lights light the Turn off the the light flashes, (including torn off then the Turn the and the Follow these when the lights or flash: cleaning the light light or incorrectly loaded. the and then the the the Troubleshooting light flashes, or
of the lights head. The light to the Cartridge instructions. lights and the lights and and and the or lights internal the lights flashing the lights flash, information. and information. flashing and the If the satisfactory, the software the interface or If the correctly, with the this chapter You operation to whether the from the or other Troubleshooting both the and turned off. Disconnect the interface from the
light to flash, then release The its ROM and (shown the the the and the the the and This thats the from least inches If or NT, the and Option Information to the ID. the ID To the off the Then the interface and and Confirming the ID automatically. appears prompting to or the If this information updated to the ID manually. Follow these Access the as Click the Then the and Option Information from Troubleshooting
Information matches the ID the If they match, the ID the to the ID shown the and Option match those the Click the The the ID sheet of Click OK to and Clean the head following the instructions Cleaning the If that often it of the following: Quality Head the Then the software other the quality. Match the the software to the type of higher Turn off High the Advanced as Quality and Effects and Selecting Selecting of EPSON Troubleshooting
turned off the software, as Quality and Effects lights, then the necessary, as to and Cartridge the of the the matches the the and with the the The of from or from instructions. Loading and instructions. The match the The lights to which to Cartridge instructions. Turn MicroWeave the Advanced option turned The MicroWeave Quality and Effects information. Select the Printable to the expanded Selecting and Clean the head. Cleaning the Head instructions. The head clogged. information. and the The The turned Troubleshooting
the thickness to the and Clean the head. Cleaning the Head instructions. The head clogged. or appears instructions. The thickness the the Head the Head instructions. The head Turn off the High turned The High Quality and Effects information. The incorrect or the matches the the to from or The option to Black from or from instructions. the the following the instructions Quality and Effects and from instructions. match the The The and incorrectly options type. Troubleshooting
Advanced information. the or choose the and with the Loading and instructions. NT), or ColorSync The ICM incorrect or The of the lights to which to Cartridge instructions. Clean the head. Cleaning the Head instructions. The head clogged. and the The or or empty. and to cant exactly match the to as match as Advanced the ICM or (recommended only), or ColorSync (Macintosh) information. You to software. software information. The displayed match the The software Troubleshooting
the matches the from or from instructions. Clean the head. Cleaning the Head instructions. The head clogged. The or match the The lights to which to Cartridge instructions. the and with the Loading and instructions. or dirty. The and The or smeared the The other thick the to the to other the thickness to the to or types. instructions, then the and with the Loading and instructions. or dirty. The the and with the Loading and instructions. The or the The thickness the Troubleshooting and the that sheets. Follow the instructions Loading and You without
the matches the or the specifications If the head as Cleaning the Head from or from instructions. match the The You to non-recommended or other Clean the to Cleaning the the Quality and Effects Then the Head following the instructions the Head Turn off High following the instructions instructions. with using the High MicroWeave and head. to the PhotoEnhance3 (PhotoEnhance and Sharpness You increase the If photographic or rough, try the image-editing software, or the of the too The of Troubleshooting
light If the first that: The and the the The outlet thats switch or The interface securely connected to the and If cant the following lights off the outlet switch or and Turn off the and the securely. the turned these The Troubleshooting
as Turn off the and the interface and The internal Turn off and Then the connected securely and the specifications. light nothing The interface connected securely. the software correctly If to as the If the and Select or or the of memory to of the following: to the enough memory software incorrectly. The or EPSON Click to EPSON the instructions. NT, the and EPSON Uninstall the Clean the head; Cleaning the Head instructions. If and instructions, cleaning the information On or the EPSON and and then The head or the too Troubleshooting Cartridge
or the and as the and Loading and Then the or incorrectly. If the and follow the as the If flashing, light and to off the light flashing or The You the indicated to to If the empty. You to the indicated supply If flashing, the Cartridge instructions. light flashing or Cartridge instructions. or lights Turn off the seconds, and it back to and If the lights flashing and If ejected, turn off the the EPSON or Where To and lights flashing and the of the head. and The Troubleshooting
lights or EPSON or Where To Turn off seconds, and it If the internal occurred. the and other following the instructions the Unpacking the lights flashing the You from the light flashing The finished charging the the Press the to isnt The the and other following the instructions the Unpacking the light flashing than the off. If the light flashing when back EPSON or If the or the The to Where To Troubleshooting
selected as the or as the If with software, first that the Chooser. If with software, the following Software Uninstall the software or as Uninstalling Software Then as the The software with correctly to or software correctly the operating software, the New instructions using If connected using USB the USB Software If connected other option the New Troubleshooting
the directory only), following the instructions the You or the only). caused If temporary or or the of memory to of the following: to the too enough memory the If that off background the Chooser or software; Background instructions.You to EPSON selected and increase the memory Choose from the when the active or Info information. You memory the memory You to increase EPSON Monitor3, or both. Troubleshooting
Click the and to Then or NT, the appear You Background instructions.) Then using off background turn back when finished using Click and Right-click the EPSON COLOR and Click the this to then the Click the Click OK then the and Troubleshooting
the the following software Choose Black and Advanced instructions. Quality to Turn MicroWeave off. Turn High too software options incorrectly. Choose Info from the when the active or EPSON selected and increase the memory information. Increase memory (RAM) and/or Clear or Dont too the Turn off memory. enough background Macintosh. software; Background If that off background the Chooser or instructions.You to them to If ECP or Enhanced and/or DMA ECP and/or DMA or Enhanced Troubleshooting
inactive. the Chooser, Apple Chooser, then and the SC and the (such as the and choose the the Then conflicts. switches to the or the (Macintosh) GX the EPSON and SC and then conflicts. Apple Peripheral-8 information. appear the Chooser (Macintosh) Highlight the and Info from the then increase the memory to the items or them to the (Disabled) Then the Chooser The Chooser too items. cant (Macintosh) Not enough memory to the Troubleshooting
Software Then, the GX, EPSON and SC and and the software as Uninstalling The software corrupted. correctly as NT) The SC used appears Select the and NT instructions the to the DOS Then the and path. Fixing You to and the with the as the and Loading and Follow and instructions included with the smooth, high-quality that the To Troubleshooting
Too Loading and or Loaded the arrow the information.) the (If the or creased. If that the from the the of Then this this Then the the right as the and Loading and the to the light flashing, the as the and the isnt too thin the specifications the of the of to the sheets. from the the of If too of or the both the software and Selecting and Loading and information. the Then this this Troubleshooting
and Loading and If the following the instructions the frequently, beneath the arrow the smooth, high-quality the and then the the to the of Then this this the thats including Turn off the the cover, and that torn off. to the Then the software. Selecting and instructions. or Press the If the the the specifications of thicknesses with, as as If when the or too thin. Troubleshooting
Printout If what expected, these Characters incorrect or or as the or instructions. Select the Chooser as the or the USB Software or as the selected Chooser. selected the EPSON Click to EPSON the instructions. NT, the and EPSON Uninstall the On the or the EPSON and and Troubleshooting
instructions). If correct, to VGA or with the or Turn off and Then the connected securely and the specifications. conflicting with the EPSON The interface securely connected. Turn off the or software or the software. Quality and option. You The inverted as Effects instructions. instructions. the and options software. the and the the and NT, or only). Selecting The or incorrect options The and/or incorrectly. Troubleshooting
theyre Selecting the orientation, and to and within its software instructions selecting the information. The incorrect incorrect the software software. incorrectly Margins and and Selecting information. other and turn off background as Background of enough memory. EPSON selected and increase the memory Choose from the when the active or Info information. software; Background If that off background the Chooser or instructions.You to the memory You to increase EPSON or both. Troubleshooting
Select or as the or instructions. The or as the selected Select the Chooser as the or the USB Software theyre Selecting the and to and and Selecting information. Clean the head following the instructions Cleaning the The head clogged. the software incorrect Chooser. selected the Head Troubleshooting
If to and software, follow the the section operating and NT Instructions Uninstalling Software Instructions Double-click the then the and NT Instructions Double-click Instructions NT or If and it software and then then the Click the Follow the instructions the to software. as Background off background Then follow and EPSON the to To the software, EPSON Software the Troubleshooting
To software, the or the USB Software If using with USB to the EPSON USB software also. Follow and EPSON USB Devices the Select EPSON COLOR the and the Double-click the then the Instructions Double-click Click then the the Double-click the EPSON the EPSON COLOR the EPSON software CD-ROM To software, the Instructions Troubleshooting At the title
To software, the or the USB Software Click the arrow the the top showing and from the Follow the instructions the to the software. Then Macintosh. Click the the of the Troubleshooting
EPSON technical through services and services hours The following the information: Where To services of CompuServe type GO EPSON the introductory CompuServe membership, to reach the America free and EPSON CompuServe From the reach World If FTP ftp.epson.com with the user anonymous and (or other software FTP downloading) to as the EPSON FTP Access Service Troubleshooting
about EPSON products hours to commonly EPSON SoundAdvice SM You to Access technical information this service. EPSON FaxAdvice Service Automated telephone services To to technical through and to or AM PM (U.S.) or to AM PM charges apply. the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer EPSON Service You purchase and from EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please Product (located the back of the please the following information ready: Product (EPSON COLOR of the EPSON that software the technical software with If using another information. Troubleshooting
Specifications ESC/P and graphics and EPSON yellow) Bidirectional with 64KB international character and character Character and graphics character Character EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON and You other using ESC/P commands.
from to and four and to the internal only allow to The the with software You EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON to to to inch to Thickness type and distributed EPSON inches) inches) inches) inches) A4 A5 B5 and distributed EPSON A6 inches) A4 only) and Specifications
distributed EPSON A6 with distributed EPSON inches) inches inches) A4 to to to inch to bond, or iron-on distributed and EPSON inches; cool only) A4 inches inches inches inches DL C6 sheets and distributed EPSON inches A6 Specifications
to F to C) only these to RH Humidity: Since the of or type of the EPSON the or type of of purchasing or and these to F to C) to RH Humidity: reduce and and other If switch to higher of or or Specifications
B-R C B-L B-R B-L Printable EPSON B-R C and C B-L of EPSON Quality the The top inch top inches The inch the the the This to inch the expanded reduced. C The inch BL inch other inches inch and inch DL The right BR the sheet first first. Specifications
(S020191) Black (S020189) Specification and yellow Black Color(s) coverage) text (ISO/IEC graphic coverage) capacity* Cartridges years from and to within months C F) Cartridge F C) F C) to C to F) hours F C) month F C) Transit to F to C) month F C) To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. (W) (D) (H) (W) 2.1(D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) The often the head. The thaws and approximately hours F C). Specifications the the
sheets of Friction with Mechanical without the Width: inches Depth: inches inches Width: Depth: inches inches Specifications
198V to 264V 99V to 132V 240V 120V to to Rated Approx. (ISO IT with Phase to Phase 220240V 0.2A 0.4A Rated to RH (without to RH to F to C) hours F C) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) Specifications
FCC EMC UL CSA DOS If the EPSON COLOR EPSON ESC/P These the Choose the first from the following from software of the other EPSON COLOR features, such as or LQ-570(+)/1070(+) SQ-870/1070 LQ-870/1170 LQ-850 LQ-500 Black EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR II EPSON PRO LQ-2550 LQ-860 and Specifications
You the following from the T, H, Font (Nordic), BRASCII, ISO PC850 PC860 PC861 U.K., Italy, U.S.A., Germany, PC (Icelandic), PC863 (Canadian-French), PC865 Character Follow these to the and choosing the instructions. button. The summary of instructions to of (indicated with arrows) and instructions. the turned off and least inches cleaning and the the Press the the The the the off to them Specifications
through 7F. Additional characters character the as the PC437 through FF. You the following character through the or software commands: characters PC437 PC863 (Canadian-French) PC860 PC850 PC861 (Icelandic) PC865 (Nordic) ISO BRASCII Character You of international character with the or the ESC command. Other selected with the ESC command. You characters with the ESC command. character International Specifications
IEEE-1284 STROBE Synchronization interface Interfaces Amphenol or Connector BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Specification Amphenol or to the IEEE-1284 Synchronization to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 Specifications
X-ON/X-OFF and DTR Approximately 1.8M Based RS-423 Synchronous Synchronization interface Apple Peripheral-8 (preferably brand) Recommended Parity Stop Word Connector USB interface Revision Class Based Universal Specifications Definition Devices USB NRZI Specifications Recommended