Thursday, PM Printed with least
Thursday, PM rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EPSON and EPSON and ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EPSON SoundAdvice, EPSON FaxAdvice, and EPSON Perfect of Inc. Notice Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc. 400666901D0
Thursday, PM This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. FCC United States WARNING
Thursday, PM
July PM EPSON COLOR to photographic and graphic art. Its and art. The software options and the of It its correction specifically type, or from CD, or created from graphics You right from such as cleaning and the heads. EPSON through operations EPSON specially and of the and offer the the information. Introduction
July PM Introduction To and its should IBM PC with least or Workgroups or NT At least 16MB of RAM At least 20MB of free (50MB or recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or recommended) the software shielded, twisted-pair to to to the the D-SUB, and the To the EPSON NT), least You should least 20MB of free or least 8MB of free to EPSON from the CD. the EPSON oftware
July PM to To and software, the instructions. This the information to these Chapter the Software, to the and selecting the right or other and instructions Chapter the to the and the character and Transportation, instructions cleaning and the heads, the and cleaning and the Chapter Troubleshooting, Technical Specifications, the technical and EPSON and included the of the Introduction
July PM Introduction services Service World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. to EPSON of CompuServe type GO EPSON the CompuServe to reach the America free introductory CompuServe membership, and Notes, and this information throughout followed to injury. to to Notes information about hints Where To EPSON through the following services:
hw_int.fm5 July PM Automated telephone services Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice Pre-recorded to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON FaxAdvice Access technical information You to this service. EPSON Service the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer If using software with EPSON the that technical information. EPSON technical and information the and of EPSON products. (U.S.), or A.M. to P.M., through please the following information ready: Product Product of the You purchase and from EPSON (U.S. only). please NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of Introduction
July PM Introduction computers, and to reduce caused to If isnt NERGY TAR off when Turn off and each when them. the option software catch something. rather than Not this and Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively. Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or near or heating or the the or through the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off.
July PM the outlet where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Introduction
July PM Introduction
Thursday, PM The software includes the following which and choose from of to the appearance of EPSON and only), which and EPSON COLOR information software whenever This chapter to and these software instructions the Head and Head to Accessing the You the the to applied: To apply to from currently the following section. To apply to from the as the or NT.
Thursday, PM The through apply that Then the to the selected through the or (or the The apply to them as (such as or to the Accessing the from Applications Choose or from the of If choose first that the including the of and the printed. To the choose the or (You to another option, software and NT, the the shown the when the Accessing the from Double-click the Double-click the Right-click the EPSON COLOR (or the and then the Select Click the You the shown the Accessing the from Double-click the the group. Double-click the
Thursday, PM You the NT software the such as or Choose EPSON COLOR from the of Choose You the shown below. Accessing the from NT Click to and then Click the EPSON COLOR the and You the the the to the to the
Thursday, PM If and the the Quality/Speed the Click the or the to high or high the type and the To and the the the of the of the to the the and the You the from the Chapter of the the Checking to these basic to theyre The the of the options currently selected the Select the software choose the based the Choose Advanced to the section to choose the type the features Select Black only Choose the of the and the of the the Once these as the the of the to the other such as Quality, If ready to OK If to them, Advanced as the section.
Thursday, PM to the the and the the chosen type this information. the type select. Advanced If to type or them to Advanced the choose Advanced the Custom and the More and buttons become active. Selecting To that type, the arrow the Custom Then choose of these types: photographs Text/Graph when text and such as charts PhotoEnhance or and the and brightness. Corrects and of the of text to type other options the such as Quality and the You to the as the
Thursday, PM Advanced To Advanced the More the to the More this the and the necessary, and other to Then the as type as the section. of You of with and to the Custom the Then easily the to whenever to them. On the Advanced
Thursday, PM as necessary. to the and the to the the field to characters). Click The assigned to the appears the Custom choose whenever to the To type, Advanced and the type the Custom Then the type the and (You of the types.) Summary The following the each (with type). as
Thursday, PM Advanced Advanced Custom Text/Graph PhotoEnhance Quality/Speed Quality Quality Quality Quality If Black choose Color. If only when Advanced when and More Quality Normal Quality Quality Quality If Black choose Color. If of EPSON and the they Selects or of EPSON and the they
Thursday, PM More halftoning Dithering Dithering MicroWeave On of High On bidirectional On creating On of the On or Photo-realistic Brightness to to to to to to PhotoEnhance On and the and brightness. Corrects and of the ICM On Turns only) correction to match and The Quality selected the If choose Quality that the the that the Quality. the selected based the Advanced preselected each type when Black as the the to of the the the correction and and when PhotoEnhance or ICM below).
Thursday, PM A4 B5 A5 A6 Index EPSON Envelope Envelope DL Envelope C6 Duplication to On or On or the of the Printable Selects the to the or the this option, this Width: to inches Length: to inches This option when using options Chapter Head Cleaning Head when Indicates the of the or other the and and the which the printed.
Thursday, PM with this of this sheets sheets) to the sheets) EPSON EPSON Coated EPSON High Quality Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Coated EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Quality EPSON EPSON Quality Quality with EPSON High Quality with EPSON with EPSON Iron-On with the leading the the option to includes the appear correctly when Chapter instructions. Selecting the Correct this to match the type the with the the information, Then this software
Thursday, PM If the to appear each off. To this, the and the to the option The appears connected to the appear when with the connected to another the the EPSON to to the software while includes the and only) to and the without exiting The to the shown below, appears when to the the of the the buttons to or the If the appears the (as shown each It includes representing the amount of the and that reports the of The to
Thursday, PM the the of the or the to the The displays these icons: If to while the or the of You from the EPSON or when the as the section, Network PC You NT, or other operating to using the or softwares built-in instructions the softwares the Softwares Network Support. Checking the occurred and The ready to The currently The or empty; the light the and the
Thursday, PM Network with NT If connected the directly to NT NT instructions the the Softwares Network To softwares built-in first to the software the network that the the instructions. Once the software to from each to directory the connected to the Follow the the sections to directory the connected to the (the and each the to specify the and to the as the Follow these to the connected to the the EPSON (EPSPMGR4.EXE the \WINDOWS\SYSTEM or directory). this the Double-click the EPSON to the Double-click the EPSON COLOR The appears.
Thursday, PM Click the Remote and then the from option. Click the and the directory that Click OK and the Remote Follow these to the the the the the EPSON COLOR The appears. Click the to Click the and the directory the Click OK and the Network Path If to to the and the connected to the Follow these Double-click Double-click the Right-click the EPSON COLOR and choose Click the
Thursday, PM If to from DOS as as from the instead of the the the connected to, then specify the to the selected, then OK. Click the then specify the to the and OK the the The appears. the this option checked. Then OK information about the easily It of the and options. To from the while the the of the Then topic. You when the as below. Accessing from Click the to and and then EPSON COLOR If instructions to the the Accessing from To from the EPSON and the EPSON COLOR If instructions to the the
Thursday, PM Click the then the Right-click the EPSON COLOR and from the the software the With and NT, related to item the right-clicking the item and then clicking the Whats This? Accessing from NT
Thursday, PM
Thursday, PM this chapter information about choosing and the and other Choosing and Other You with and EPSON specially coated the the EPSON offers specially EPSON choice of EPSON A4 S041059 S041060 EPSON High Quality A4 S041117 S041111 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Quality A4 S041126 S041124 EPSON S041134 EPSON Quality A6 A4 EPSON A4 S041063 S041064 EPSON Quality A6 S041054 Cards S041122 S041061 S041062 S041067 S041107 S041071 S041072
Thursday, PM EPSON Iron-On SE41001, SE41002 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 To EPSON and other or EPSON (U.S. only). please Loading If the option shown the the Quality the More as the or the the Custom the to the option, to the that to correctly; follow instructions the the and the If the protective each of to the protective sheets to the of the with the top leading the within of purchase. and within months. and to their as as the information. EPSON include cleaning the cleaning with this They the
Thursday, PM Loading or other with the facing arrow the to the the and the Then the the To the and both
Thursday, PM Dont the arrow the To the and the of and then the the with the and the first. and top first.) the right the right arrow
Thursday, PM that to correctly; follow instructions the the the and the the back the of Select the and other that the loaded, as Chapter Loading the the section, the following EPSON High Quality, and Quality You to the arrow the If than to the arrow
Thursday, PM EPSON You these to photographs that as as the from processing. perforated around the and the photo to the of the You to of the included beneath the the following when the with the whiter facing and the perforated as shown: the software, to inches. that the of off when the perforated
Thursday, PM within year of purchase. and within months. its and from high heat and humidity. the information. Choose EPSON as the and as the Choose Quality as the the back and forth the perforations and tear the off. You the EPSON the of the the Quality type and Then the of the the type To their them or other airtight covering and them from heat, humidity, and sunlight. You to as shown. Select as and the Quality
Thursday, PM If smears when or other thick the to the To this, the cover and the as shown. Then the and to the to the other and Other Custom You or ordinary (continuous-form) to to inches You that fits the least inches), the of software. To 44-inch with continuous-form first tear off four and the perforations the If the to the
Thursday, PM the the as shown. The right of the should the right the to the of the the or other software. You or orientation. Click the or choose or from the You selected, and then the or (You to of these buttons.) You the right
Thursday, PM Click the You the following: Choose the to from the If to or other choose If choose the following appears: To type inches the and inches the (This both and Click OK Choose or already the software. the necessary. type to inches Click to of
Thursday, PM Click the to to the choose and the other to and then OK Click OK or to You to of these buttons.
July AM This chapter the lights and buttons the and to them. the The lights the and the buttons of the the using software, the Clear the character the
July AM the Lights The light when the It flashes while the or cleaning the heads, and On when there or incorrectly. there or The light flashes when or It when the or or when there The light flashes when or On when the or or when there of indicated the lights and correcting them, Chapter The the and off. It the (clears its memory) while the The or of and release within seconds. (The normally and automatically.) the off and the while turning the the section instructions. You the cleaning and cleaning the heads, based the of the lights. Chapter the off and the cleaning while turning the the character instructions.
July AM thats least inches the Turn off the and the interface from the the the and the Then release both buttons. The containing the ROM character and the off the the interface then the and the Character Table The character United States and characters (PC437). If to character (PC850), to the the of the characters each Turn off the the cleaning and the Then release both buttons. The character to PC850. To back to PC437, the To the character as the section. the
July AM the
July AM If or light flashing or to the heads. instructions. finished cleaning the heads. the head cleaning with The instructions this chapter to: Clean the heads the heads Clean the the Cleaning the Heads If unexpectedly light or or from the to clean the heads. This the they properly. Cleaning the heads to them There to the heads: the Head Cleaning the or the buttons. the Head Cleaning the turned and and the and lights off. Access the as Chapter and Transportation
July AM and Transportation off the while the light flashing. If however, the light flashing and the or off the off the while the light flashing. If however, the light flashing and the or turn off the Click the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the heads. Cleaning about which the and the light flashes. Its finished when the light flashing. the heads and the cleaning function the then the Head Cleaning instructions examining the If the If this the Chapter the the turned and and that the and lights off. Press the cleaning and three seconds to the heads. Cleaning about which the and the light flashes. Its finished when the light flashing. the heads and the cleaning function the then from the Chapter instructions.) the section instructions examining the
July AM To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. If the If this or three the Chapter the the It should something this, with the and yellow: and straight should with the If If clean the heads as the Cartridge If or light flashes, the indicated If the light the and to these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020093 S020089 or EPSON (U.S. only). please and Transportation
July AM and Transportation its light flashing or If cant the other If the cleaning when light flashing or the cleans the heads, as Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with and Cartridge the and and that the or light flashing or the and then the cover. Press the cleaning and three seconds. If to its light flashes or the too instance), the and three seconds instead of the cleaning The heads slightly to the and the light flashing. (The heads to their to within seconds.) the only the to The from its the of the and of
July AM You completely the yellow of the from the top of the the permanently the clear from the of the Dont the or to with Once cant the from its Then the of the as shown the its with the facing and the arrow to the back of the The the right and the the Press the and Transportation
July AM and Transportation off the while the light flashing. If however, the light flashing and the or off the thats least inches the the head with Press the cleaning (or to charging seconds the The light to while the charges. charging finished, the light flashing and the heads to the right the cover and the Heads If to the heads. the turned and loaded. If with Access the as Chapter Click the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to and the
July AM Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the Dont or the Dont the the the Cleaning the Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. the cover closed Clean of the with cloth. Transporting the Turn the and the heads the right Then off the the from the Then the interface from the from the the and the the and the the and the the protective that with the Notice that with the to the as If the clean the heads; the heads. the instructions this chapter. and Transportation
July AM and Transportation
July PM If the appear with the when only), This chapter what to the first section, of indicated the lights and only). Then these sections the with or other with Printout what expected incorrectly, inverted, or too and only) the of and to the this section to indicated this Troubleshooting
July PM Troubleshooting light Black On Flashing Black On On On Flashing On On or incorrectly On Flashing Flashing On On On Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing On On The the occurred and The ready to The currently The the and lights and as Chapter
July PM Printed the matches the or match the other Then the other the Chapter information. The of the the and with the Chapter instructions. The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. The the and lights to which to Chapter to the this chapter, EPSON the EPSON COLOR and the ReadMe the EPSON or the information. If of the Where to the Introduction. Quality You often by: Cleaning the heads Chapter instructions). higher Chapter of EPSON the the to the type of the Chapter Turning off High the when this Chapter the the of the and lights first. instructions.) to Troubleshooting
July PM Troubleshooting or appears. The head Clean the heads. instructions. clogged. High turned Turn off High the Chapter information. The heads the Head to the heads Chapter instructions. The incorrect or The the the to Color. Chapter to Black. information. the matches the loaded. match the Then the other the quality. Chapter information. The of the the and it with the instructions. The and options incorrectly type. The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. The or or empty. The match the The software or The affects other The selects the to the If type, the appear incorrectly. Chapter information. the and lights to which to instructions. and to exactly match the the of You and possibly software, to software and Chapter of this information.
July PM The The head Clean the heads. instructions. clogged. the matches the or match the other Then the other the Chapter information. The the and with the or dirty. Chapter instructions. The the and lights to which to Chapter instructions. The blurry. The the to the and try the Chapter instructions. The or the the and with the instructions. You Follow the instructions Chapter and without the that sheets. the matches the loaded. match the Then the other the Chapter information. the smearing the the Clean the to Chapter instructions. each from the as as to Troubleshooting
July PM Troubleshooting If using and the New the software, and OK. lights off. Turn the or the light nothing The interface Turn off and Then the disconnected. connected securely and the specifications. internal If the the off the and the interface and as Chapter with If the first that: The turned the light the The outlet thats switch or The interface securely connected to the and and that both turned If cant these based the of lights. Turn off the and the securely, or the switch or and
July PM or software incorrectly. Printing the and instructions. heads or If sounds trying to feed the heads; Chapter instructions. The light flashing or If flashing, the and follow the as If or or the and as incorrectly. Chapter Then the to off the light and or light flashing or If flashing, the supply You to the indicated instructions. If the You the indicated to to empty. Chapter If the and software installation. If to the below. If enough memory to the Try: reducing the of selecting or to software, memory to If cleaning the information and instructions, Chapter Troubleshooting
July PM Troubleshooting lights flashing or or Turn off seconds, and If occurred. the lights or or other the Introduction information. The software with correctly to software correctly You of conflicts. If or the caused temporary the EPSON temporary directory. the software as the To the directory, follow these directory where to the C:\SPLTEMP. the EPSON or and COLOR selected, and then the Select the the directory to the created the this Then OK. the and Directory. the the directory to the created Then OK.
July PM the appear with the The with the Double-click the EPSON the and the this checked. Then bidirectional Click to and Double-click the EPSON COLOR the and Properties. Click the and the this option turned Click OK. The should appear when You by: smooth, high-quality that the specifications the Following and instructions included with the Loading the as Chapter with the If with feeding, or Troubleshooting
July PM Troubleshooting feed. this Then this the of Check that the from the the this Then this the of the isnt too thin the specifications the the this Then this Turn off the cover, and the thats including that torn off. Isnt or creased. Isnt too Chapter or information). Isnt the arrow the Isnt the (If the light flashing, Then the as Chapter the to the the of the of to the sheets. the as If of or than expected, that the both the and to Chapter information. the as Chapter If frequently, smooth, high-quality the and then the beneath the arrow the the to the of
July PM or If the too the If when the or too thin. Characters incorrect or the Select as the or instructions. the and as follows: The interface Turn off and Then the disconnected. connected securely and the specifications. conflicting with the EPSON only). Press the to the Then the specifications the of with. the the of thicknesses with, as as Printout Not What You Expected If what expected, try these Double-click the the EPSON or Click then the and and using VGA or instructions If correct, with the or to updated Troubleshooting
July PM Troubleshooting The incorrect. Margins incorrectly software instructions selecting software. the the incorrectly The inverted as You option software or the The the Select as the or instructions. the incorrectly Text graphics than text the the to they Chapter information. Turn off the software or the Chapter information. the the to they Chapter information. To increase the and the Chapter information.
July AM yellow) 10KB Bidirectional with text and graphics ESC/P Character PC437 (US, or PC850 with Chapter Printable and Character pitch Printable (characters inch) (characters second) condensed) condensed) Technical Specifications A-1
July AM Technical Specifications type Thickness inches) A4 A5 B5 inches) inches) inches) inches) A4 A6 only) inches only) A4 distributed EPSON inches DL inches C6 inches A6 inches distributed EPSON the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or and to F to C) Humidity: to RH EPSON Quality and Quality should the following to F to C) Humidity: to RH and distributed EPSON and distributed EPSON or to inch to to to A-2 to inch to to to and to inch to to inch to inch
July AM B-L A: The top inch of EPSON Quality the top inches BL: The inch BR: The right inch and The right and inch The right as follows: inch DL inches inch C6 C: The inch A: The top inch BL, BR: The and right inch C: The inch the first. should first. B-R C Envelope B-L, B-R Technical Specifications B-L EPSON perforations) C A-3 B-R C
July AM Technical Specifications Cartridge Specification Black (S020093) (S020089) Color(s) Black and capacity* (ISO/IEC (A4, each Cartridge years from (within months F C)) to F to C) month F C) Transit to F to C) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) (W) 2.1(D) (H) inches (W) 2.1(D) (H) inches (W) 52.7(D) (H) (W) (D) (H) The often the head cleaning function. It and approximately hours F C). To EPSON Other products to covered warranty. Dont the the expired. Mechanical Friction with top sheets of Sheet capacity: Width: inches Depth: inches inches when without the Width: inches Depth: inches inches inches inches A-4
July AM to F to C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) to RH Humidity: to RH (without UL with D3, CSA with D3 FCC EMC: CSA C108.8 Specification to to Rated to to Rated 0.5A 0.3A (ISO Technical Specifications A-5
July AM Technical Specifications A-6
Thursday, July PM character of numbers, and that with the characters characters inch of the of text characters, to as pitch. The that appear when graphics. MicroWeave The of the memory to CMYK yellow, and These to the of ColorSync software that to WYSIWIG (what what This software as them or that when the turned or initialized. dithering which Dithering with such as charts and inch. The the software that instructions to to what to from and instructions to the to this G-1
Thursday, July PM This halftoning smooths of This the of the ESC/P The of the ESC/P Commands this features, such as and graphics This and clearer. This the of the that this increase the of of from to white. Grayscale to when with only. halftoning of using to to of or nearly of of the to its of This or the interface The the and such as interfaces, and interface or interface ESC/P This of commands of from It EPSON and computers. of type of which each or precisely second. This to the
Thursday, July PM MicroWeave that to reduce the of This with of which interface interface. that to the while or they printed. The connected to the It the and then them to the assigned It while the The of which the It than the physical of the to which the of the character from character to character. than lowercase The than typewritten that or reduced. Non-scalable and cant This as they appear instead of them as halftones. which printed, such as and To to its command, INIT or turning the off and then back The of inch to RGB Red, and These phosphors irradiated the to the of G-3
gloss.fm5 Thursday, July PM interface interface EPSON software that that EPSON software that displays the such as or the amount of Colors that of light and others. CMYK The which the the that This then to the directly or to the