that and the software, ready to and from the the EPSON Quality that with then follow the instructions from to basic and troubleshooting information, and instructions with EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. Printed with least the CD-ROM EPSON Double-click the You the EPSON COLOR To or EPSON COLOR the selection the Then follow the when EXIT on-screen instructions. Click To already Select the option to the and follow the on-screen instructions. Once the Copy to the option. to of the software If to the EPSON software, the CD-ROM to to the the software, to the Chooser. the Chooser from the Apple If connected to the or to with off then the the SC Click the Turn background to Then the Chooser. ready to to started. To with EPSON COLOR to: To with EPSON COLOR to: the the software the the software CPD-8361
the the the the the the back of the Unpack the and from the as the the to the to and these items: the Cartridges the grounded software CD-ROM the from their Then the of the top, as shown. EPSON the and grounded areas: with high or sunlight or of heat or interference, such as telephone to this arrow to the and follow the Instructions If as the the and the cover. Press the to the The light flashes and the and lights The the to the or off. switch, such as switch. Dont outlet that turned off switch or or the as This the which the memory or its supply. the the their with the facing and the back of the Then the they the with the first them or charge properly. You the yellow from the or permanently Dont off the or the clear from the of the Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with to Press the cleaning to charging the and the cover. Charging about The light flashes and the sounds finished. Dont turn off the or the charging or than necessary. Charging finished when the light flashing and off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the the right than of with the and the right Then the the Dont higher than the arrow the the right the If to PC, instructions. Connecting to USB Turn off the and the the USB USB the back of the Then the the USB or USB If USB the to the first of the or the malfunction. If the with the directly to the USB Connecting to Turn off the and the to the the other of the to the or Macintosh. If with that and to Normal. If internal the the software the software that software from the CD-ROM attached to the front of this The CD-ROM includes: the that software, ArcSoft PhotoPrinter and ArcSoft PhotoBase EPSON COLOR If the software instructions. this with as software to when to. and connected and turned off. Turn and the Turn and the light flashing. software CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON the EPSON CD-ROM the EPSON COLOR the and Follow the on-screen instructions to and the software, CD-ROM the
the the the the and the cover. the the the back of the Unpack the and from the as the the to the to and these items: Press the to the The light flashes and the and lights The the Cartridges the grounded Dont outlet that turned off switch or or the as This the which the memory or its supply. software CD-ROM the the from their Then the of the top, as shown. EPSON the and grounded areas: the their with the facing and the back of the Then the they with high or or of heat or interference, such as telephone to this arrow the with the first them or charge properly. You the yellow from the or permanently Dont off the or the clear from the of the to the and follow the Instructions If as the to Press the cleaning to charging the and the cover. Charging about The light flashes and the sounds finished. Dont off the or the charging or than necessary. Charging finished when the light flashing and off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the to the or off. switch, such as switch. the the right than of with the and the right Then the the Dont higher than the arrow the Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the If connecting to PC, instructions. Connecting to USB Turn off the and the the USB USB the back of the Then the the USB or USB If using USB the to the first of the or the malfunction. If the with the directly to the USB Connecting to Turn off the and the to the the right the other of the to the or Macintosh. If with that and to Normal. If the the software the software that software from the CD-ROM attached to the front of this The CD-ROM includes: the that bonus software, ArcSoft PhotoPrinter and ArcSoft PhotoBase EPSON COLOR If the software instructions. this with as software to when to. and connected and turned off. Turn and the Turn and the light flashing. software CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON the EPSON CD-ROM the EPSON COLOR the and Follow the on-screen instructions to and the software, CD-ROM the
the the Unpack the and from the as the the to the to and these items: software CD-ROM EPSON the and grounded areas: with high or sunlight or of heat or interference, such as telephone to the and follow the Instructions If as the the the and the cover. Press the cleaning to charging the and the cover. the the the back of the Charging about The light flashes and the sounds finished. Dont off the or the charging or using than necessary. Charging finished when the light flashing and Press the to the The light flashes and the and lights The the Cartridges the grounded the to the or off. switch, such as switch. the the right than Dont outlet that turned off switch or or the as This the which the memory or its supply. the the from their Then only the of the top, as shown. the their with the facing and the back of the Then the they of with the and the right Then the the Dont higher than the arrow the to this arrow the with the first them or properly. You the yellow from the or permanently Dont off the or the clear from the of the Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with to the If to PC, instructions. Connecting to USB Turn off the and the the USB USB the back of the Then the the USB or USB off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than If USB the to the first of the or the malfunction. If the with the directly to the USB Connecting to Turn off the and the to the the right the other of the to the or Macintosh. If with that and to Normal. If the the software the software that software from the CD-ROM attached to the front of this The CD-ROM includes: the that software, ArcSoft PhotoPrinter and ArcSoft PhotoBase EPSON COLOR If the software instructions. this with as software to when to. and connected and turned off. Turn and the Turn and the light flashing. software CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON the EPSON CD-ROM the EPSON COLOR the and Follow the instructions to and the software, CD-ROM the
the the the the back of the the Cartridges the grounded Dont outlet that turned off switch or or the as This the which the memory or its supply. software CD-ROM the from their Then the of the top, as shown. to this arrow the with the first them or charge properly. You the from the or permanently Dont off the or the clear from the of the to the the Unpack the and from the as the the to the to and these items: EPSON the and grounded areas: with high or or of heat or interference, such as telephone to the and follow the Instructions If as the the the and the cover. Press the cleaning to charging the and the cover. If connecting to PC, instructions. Charging about The light flashes and the sounds finished. Dont off the or the charging or than necessary. Charging finished when the Connecting to USB Turn off the and the the USB USB the back of the Then the the USB or USB light flashing and off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Press the to the The light flashes and the and lights The the to the or off. switch, such as switch. the the right than the Connecting to Turn off the and the to the the their with the facing and the back of the Then the they of with the and the right Then the the Dont higher than the arrow the the right the other of the to the or Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the software the software that software from the CD-ROM attached to the front of this The CD-ROM includes: the that software, ArcSoft PhotoPrinter and ArcSoft PhotoBase EPSON COLOR If the software instructions. this with as software to when to. and connected and turned off. If USB the to the first of the or the malfunction. If the with the directly to the USB Turn and the Turn and the light flashing. software CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON the EPSON CD-ROM the EPSON COLOR the and Follow the on-screen instructions to and the software, CD-ROM the If with that and to Normal. If internal the
the and the cover. Press the to the The light flashes and the and lights The the to the or off. switch, such as switch. the the their with the facing and the back of the Then the they Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the the the the back of the the Cartridges the grounded Dont outlet that turned off switch or or the as This the which the memory or its supply. software CD-ROM the from their Then the of the top, as shown. only to this arrow the with the first them or charge properly. You the from the or permanently Dont off the or the clear from the of the to the the Unpack the and from the as the the to the to and these items: EPSON the and grounded areas: with high or sunlight or of heat or interference, such as telephone to the and follow the Instructions If as the the software the software the Press the cleaning to charging the and the cover. If connecting to PC, instructions. Charging about The light flashes and the sounds finished. Dont off the or the charging or than necessary. Charging finished when the that software from the CD-ROM attached to the front of this The CD-ROM includes: Connecting to USB Turn off the and the that the the USB USB the back of the Then the the USB or USB light flashing and bonus software, ArcSoft PhotoPrinter and ArcSoft PhotoBase off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than EPSON COLOR If the software instructions. this with as software to when to. the the right than and connected and turned off. If using USB the to the first of the or the malfunction. If the with the directly to the USB Turn and the Turn and the light flashing. Connecting to software CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON the EPSON CD-ROM Turn off the and the to the the EPSON COLOR the and of with the and the right Then the the Dont higher than the arrow the Follow the on-screen instructions to and the software, CD-ROM the the right the other of the to the or Macintosh. If with that and to Normal. If the
Press the cleaning to charging the and the cover. Charging about The light flashes and the sounds finished. Dont off the or the charging or than necessary. Charging finished when the light flashing and off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the the right than of with the and the right Then the the Dont higher than the arrow the the right the and the cover. Press the to the The light flashes and the and lights The the to the or off. switch, such as switch. Dont that turned off switch or or the as This the which the memory or its supply. the the their with the facing and the back of the Then the they the with the first them or charge properly. You the from the or permanently Dont off the or the clear from the of the Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with to the the the the the the back of the sheet Unpack the and from the as the sheet the to the to and these items: the Cartridges the grounded software CD-ROM the from their Then the of the top, as shown. EPSON the and grounded areas: with high or or of heat or interference, such as telephone to this arrow to the and follow the Instructions If as the the software the software the If to PC, instructions. that software from the CD-ROM attached to the front of this The CD-ROM includes: Connecting to USB Turn off the and the that the the USB USB the back of the Then the the USB or USB software, ArcSoft PhotoPrinter and ArcSoft PhotoBase EPSON COLOR If the software instructions. this with as software to when to. and connected and off. If USB the to the first of the or the malfunction. If the with the directly to the USB Turn and the Turn and the light flashing. Connecting to software CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON the EPSON CD-ROM Turn off the and the to the the EPSON COLOR the and Follow the on-screen instructions to and the software, CD-ROM the the other of the to the or with If that and to Normal. If internal the
Double-click the EPSON the CD-ROM You the EPSON COLOR that and the software, ready to and from the the EPSON Quality that with then follow the instructions from to To or EPSON COLOR the selection the Then follow the on-screen instructions. Click EXIT when To already Select the option to the and follow the on-screen instructions. Once the to the Copy to option. basic and troubleshooting information, and instructions with of the software If to software, the EPSON the CD-ROM to to the the software, to the Chooser. the Chooser from the Apple If connected to the or to with off Click the SC then the the Turn background to Then the Chooser. ready to to started. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. Printed with least To with EPSON COLOR to: To with EPSON COLOR to: the the software the the software CPD-8361
the CD-ROM EPSON Double-click the You the EPSON COLOR that and the software, ready to and from the the EPSON Quality that with then follow the instructions from to To or EPSON COLOR the selection the Then follow the when EXIT on-screen instructions. Click To already Select the option to the and follow the on-screen instructions. Once the Copy to the option. to and troubleshooting information, and instructions with of the software If to the EPSON software, the CD-ROM to to the the software, to the Chooser. the Chooser from the Apple If to the or to with off then the the SC Click the Turn background to Then the Chooser. ready to to started. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other and of their owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. Printed with least To with EPSON COLOR to: To with EPSON COLOR to: the the software the the software CPD-8361