EPSON Printed
rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON, EPSON EPSON and Weave of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. PhotoEnhance, EPSON Software, and EPSON and Fix-it and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. CPD-10839 Copyright Inc. Copyright Notice
EPSON or EPSON the or office With of to from reports and to family and with About To and its software, the This instructions and with or the basic information, and warranty, information using and its software, Reference as Notes, and The EPSON to the EPSON the and Therefore, this to the and its software as EPSON to to to Notes information about hints
software CD-ROM includes Reference The HTML browsersuch as Microsoft or or or laterto If browser, the correctly. You Reference from the CD-ROM or to and from there. Follow these software CD-ROM. Double-click CD-ROM then the EPSON Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM then the EPSON The appears: Click EPSON appears: Click Reference You another You the from the CD-ROM or the to and from there. the section. included the software CD-ROM. Click Click
If the to as follows: Select EPSON and ESC777 the EPSON and Reference first the Reference this Click to the of Click topic the to the of expanding the of the topic to If theres right arrow to then topic to to Click the arrow to Closed to Click to to topic If of graphic when Reference the to the graphic.
Watching or or cleaning the head? software CD-ROM includes helpful that these Follow these to software CD-ROM. Double-click CD-ROM then the EPSON Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM then the EPSON The appears: Click EPSON then Watch The appears: Click the the to If necessary, option the The Click SM
from to what to to basic as or photograph from the to selecting to the Follow the instructions these with below Macintosh If already with EPSON to these PhotoEnhance, and Advanced Selecting the Correct with This section the basic with (To Macintosh, Loading and turned the right of the and the the (Dont the the Follow these when the Its usually whiter or than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the to this arrow the right
If instructions. the Software and ready to software From the You slightly the following selections the EPSON selected. Click the (If or Then the If the instead of selecting from the the option to the software Select Click to software
Selecting Software Once software The thing to to the the If necessary, the to the shown below: the following the Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to to To text Black the option to Its the to of the the to Quality or to high-quality or (The type.) Click OK to to Select the type of Select the Select Select higher-quality or or Click OK
information about the button. right-click item the and then Whats This?. Selecting the You The apply only to the currently If type of applicationsfor with the You this using the Click to and then Right-click the EPSON Select or NT), or Preferences Then the Select the to Click OK when finished. that the when to of At the OK (or to Click OK to
the appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You appear advanced information the or Reference This section the (To with Loading and turned the right of the and the the (Dont the the Click to Click to or to this arrow the right
Follow these when the Its usually whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the If instructions. the Software and ready to and other software From the You slightly the following selections the SC selected. (If the incorrect, to the Chooser; the instructions.) the and Printable Reference Click OK to the and to Select and Click OK
Selecting Software the and You the slightly The thing to to the the the following the Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to to To text Black the option to Its the to of the the to Quality or to high-quality or (The type.) Click to Select Select or higher-quality or Select the type of Select the
Once clicked If turned background EPSON from the Application the right of the to the of You the EPSON Click to Click to Click the or Then to the below and If background to the the advanced information the or Reference Click to and the
PhotoEnhance, and Advanced software as these below Custom Advanced information these the Reference as Enhancing The software includes PhotoEnhance options that brightness and to the appearance of low-resolution and improperly You PhotoEnhance to effects. If high-resolution to the instead, as or PhotoEnhance affects with PhotoEnhance To PhotoEnhance, PhotoEnhance with Black selected. To PhotoEnhance, the option to PhotoEnhance If photograph with Correction to the appearance of photographs with from of photographs, such as People or or such as Soft or tint.
Custom software includes with This the type of or color-matching To the types, Custom then the Custom to Then of these Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and rough of ICM and only): created ICM recommended only with or created such as those the World or ColorSync only): with ColorSync and applications. You these the Advanced to as below.
Advanced settingssuch as Quality and and effects. To these software, Custom and then the Advanced You the Advanced the or Reference (as the Advanced them as them whenever Reference The of the to or increased recommended with You to first and them the right of the and the them. each or Select as the and choose the as the If smears or (light turning off High the Advanced the instructions to the with the
the and included free the EPSON Quality Instructions them below. instructions other EPSON the Reference as of EPSON and information, the back cover. EPSON EPSON Heavyweight professional-looking, and graphics to sheets as including beneath the Heavyweight as the EPSON EPSON photographs that as as the from processing. using EPSON the with the whiter facing to sheets of 6-inch, or or of included the Select as the resealable or other airtight covering and them from heat, humidity, and sunlight. to the as as
Selecting the Correct the type of software. Thats why the It what of using and the coverage accordingly. the should choose this Select this or EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Cards EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight If with cleaning the cleaning with this the The of location. Quality Quality
This section procedures to its and Follow the instructions cleaning the head (below) the head cleaning the the or Reference Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or or from the to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning This section to the head the Head Cleaning which the recommended when the connected to the three seconds when the You the head holding the light off. or Reference instructions. Follow these to the Head Cleaning light off. (If the the turned and the light flashing or to the If the as or the Its to least once month to
with to and Right-click the EPSON Then or NT), or Preferences Click the Macintosh: Click the On the the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. light flashing, to the head clean. the the and Then The the section If the its If the Clean to clean the head If cleaning three or four the Quality You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the the (the and straight should with the If If (as shown clean the head instructions. light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the
Cartridge light flashes, This to the the light and to The light that than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the these EPSON within months of them and the the Black T017201 (U.S.), T017311 T018201 (U.S.), T018311 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or EPSON or the EPSON www.epson.com (U.S. only). please to these Cartridge below Which Cartridge to Cartridge Precautions Follow these and those of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with light off.
To the the head hand. You empty. the the obtained the the head You the yellow from the top of the or permanently Dont to the clear the Dont the board the back of the operation and Which Cartridge to To which or empty, of the following: the information the EPSON or EPSON that appears when and the of the lights: Press the and lights the light flashes as as the light Removing and Cartridges Once the the Follow these to light should flashing), then the cover. the turned and (the The head to the and the Press the light flashes or (If to which to the or the light as light flashes and the light light
The the right and the the the The from its the of the and of the Then the top. the slightly as its the the back of the the the Dont the the the when
Press the it If to the other through with and the cover. The charging the Press the light flashes, and the Charging about finished, the The light the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head the turned and loaded. If the as or with to and Right-click the EPSON then or NT), or Preferences Click the Click the You the Click the Head light flashing and and the light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the thats least inches to from the and the EPSON the whenever the head
Follow the instructions the to You this On the the that shows the precisely top of each other. Select each and Then the of the each the the Click to another the each the If and finished, Cleaning the To its should clean Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the sheet Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont the the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the
Transporting the If to its or of Follow these Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the Repack the and its the the protective that with them. the as the the the head and If the head the head To the when the to the the its location. the to the
This section the basics and to what the of the Then and to software, feeding, or other Its to to www.epson.com and the section to there downloading to To the of the as or Macintosh; the shown below the EPSON If the of the to these cover
You the lights, as below, or as Checking the Lights Follow the below when the lights. The the flashes the off and light light light when the ready to It flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. light or incorrectly, or If necessary, or and the If the to try to clear the If that off the and the Turn the and the to light and correctly and to which of and the as and the light flashes, supply which as and light of the head. Turn off the the cover, and Then the back If the lights the or EPSON; information. light off and the the
both lights as the which as and off both lights off, the these and You to whether from the or other Follow these both the and off. the interface from the or the holding the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and (If the its to clean the head; To the off the the Then the interface and and If the the software the interface or If the with the and If nothing to or EPSON as If both lights flashing, internal Turn off the seconds, and If the lights flash, or EPSON; information. the turned Turn off the the securely, and the the outlet and switch or If using another then and release the the
and Below troubleshooting software, quality, feeding or other and Software The installation. The first the charge its charging finishes (the light off the or charge improperly and the If the or the light flashing off the If the light flashing when back Where To the completely and that the Turn off the then back to clear the the software. turned and the securely connected both Then follow the instructions the the other including and protection software and If (SC appear the Chooser, too items the Chooser. items and the Chooser that the properly If If or the software correctly or NT, software or instead. If Reference instructions If House, to the located the back of
light nothing the the interface connected securely and that the the and as If the and software correctly. If to as Reference The sounds as though nothing the head clogged. To the head, too the and If high-resolution than the listed. You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the the following: Choose Black include the Quality/Speed to the softwares Advanced MicroWeave off and High If the ECP/DMA or the instructions. when or while.
Quality You (light The head cleaning; instructions. the matches the loaded. the of the It whiter or The or To or (Macintosh) instructions. the Head instructions. or smeared. isnt curled, or (the should If or curled, of with or try the specifications Reference the Head instructions. each from the as as finished using
or The head cleaning; instructions. The or To the matches the loaded. isnt or If of with the whiter or than the other using higher the Quality/Speed to Quality or (Macintosh) the Head instructions. You to increase the or software You or the to and The head cleaning; instructions. The or To If high-resolution off PhotoEnhance, as using that such as or instructions. exactly match on-screen to as as information, Reference (as
with Too that neither the software, the or If the the Press the to the Then the or software. If when the or too thin. correctly or the If feed, from the Then the right and the the other If off the cover, and thats including that torn off. and the If feed once, the and the of the to the sheets. Then If incorrectly or frequently: smooth, high-quality Dont the arrow the the the right and the too tightly.
Printout The incorrect. the software the Reference (as instructions. software instructions selecting the The within the of the Specifications Reference (as information. You incorrect characters. the interface securely connected and that the the and Then selected or as the or the the Chooser. If switch with the directly to and The or incorrect. the and/or options correctly. Reference (as information. The inverted, as Turn off the software or the software. (If EPSON Iron-On Cool the should inverted when The the the software Reference (as instructions. The head cleaning; instructions.
Uninstalling and Software Double-click then the Double-click Click EPSON Software the then the EPSON Click or Change/Remove and follow the on-screen instructions. If using the USB with EPSON USB Devices the then then follow the instructions the to software. (You to software or software CD-ROM. Then the EPSON CD-ROM necessary) and the EPSON You the Click On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall Then the Uninstall the and follow the instructions. then follow the instructions the to software. (You to software or
Where To If with or its software, including EPSON Software Factory, the information below. with other creative the software CD-ROM, information. If other software with EPSON the that software technical information. EPSON Technical EPSON technical hours through the services and services the following Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other such as brochures and and troubleshooting information. EPSON FTP EPSON E-MAIL Technical Automated Telephone Services If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the To technical through to and the the troubleshooting as of services hours To these services, tone telephone and
To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON or EPSON Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the You purchase and from EPSON or the EPSON www.epson.com (U.S. only). please Creative Software Technical If with the creative software the software CD-ROM, please the as below: Software Telephone House* AM to PM PST If the when the software, the section titled the Creative Software and EPSON the back of www.corel.com/support/
and Notices This chapter includes instructions, notices, and other information. To and its software, should IBM PC with least or or NT recommended) Microsoft or NT At least 16MB or NT or 32MB of RAM (32MB or or 64MB or NT recommended) At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) VGA or and CD-ROM or recommended) or DVD the software high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to with D-SUB, and the USB or with USB and shielded USB AB from to to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction.
To and its software, should Apple G3, or G4 with USB OS or If OS to operating software. If OS Apple that the Apple To which operating About This from the Apple At least 16MB of RAM (32MB recommended) At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) VGA or and CD-ROM or recommended) or DVD the software shielded USB AB from to to NERGY TAR ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The EPA ENERGY STAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction.
Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the where the easily fiche the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the and from of interference, such as or telephone locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the the or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the or cover the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. light flashes and then Dont switch off the or the the the off using the light off. The
Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or the the head hand; otherwise the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced quality. the the the within months of first them. cool, from allow to least three hours this the or to them. This to the head. the IC the of the This operation and this the IC of related-information, such as the amount of that and freely. each because the If the from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the the head the right and the
FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Declaration of Conformity EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: P230A United States WARNING DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers:
America, Inc. Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the first that the covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician telephone service to whether the If service the warranty its option, or the without or If authorizes the to freight prepaid.You securely the and to within of of the You to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service center.The and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of of the covered the of the covered products or the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to America, Inc. P.O. CA
To EPSON and To EPSON and other or EPSON or the EPSON www.epson.com (U.S. only). please EPSON Cartridges T017201 (U.S.) or T017311 Color: T018201 (U.S.) or T018311 EPSON EPSON inches) S041060 EPSON High Quality inches) S041111 EPSON Quality inches) S041062/S041029 EPSON Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 EPSON inches S041134 EPSON A6 S041144-KIT EPSON A6 inches) S041144 EPSON Quality inches) S041072 EPSON inches) S041064 EPSON Quality A4 inches) S041106 EPSON Iron-On Cool inches) S041153/S041155 EPSON Quality inches) S041124 EPSON inches) S041257 EPSON inches) S041286 EPSON Card inches) S041267 The of location. Not match the software. the chart or the instructions that with to the A4 inches) S041059 A4 inches) S041117 A4 inches) S041061 inches) S041067 inches) S041141 A4 inches) S041140 inches) S041145 A4 inches) S041071 A6 inches) S041107 A4 inches) S041063 A4 inches) S041126 A4 inches) S041258