NH this the of their respective owners. JetPlate ST LLC
CONTENTSCHAPTER OVERVIEW------------------------------------------------------------------- CHAPTER OVERVIEW Proofer UV Light CHAPTER SETTING UP THE JETPLATE Unpacking and Assembling the Optional Unpacking the Mounting the the Optional the Connecting the Cord----------------------------------------------------------------------------- the Cartridges----------------------------------------------------------------------------- Loading the JetPlate Rip Connecting the to Computer---------------------------------------------------------- Connecting to the USB Connecting to the Only)------------------------------------------------ and Cleaning the Head from the Performing Cleaning the Head-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the UNI-D ALL the BI-D BLACK the BI-D ALL CHAPTER PLATEN AND COVER INSTALLATION CHAPTER FLUSHING AND CHARGING---------------------------------------------------------- The Charge with Plate this the of their respective owners.
CHAPTER JETPROOF (OPTIONAL) CHAPTER JETPLATE TROUBLESHOOTING FAQS JetPlate the of the head the JetPlate and the the UNI-D ALL the BI-D BLACK the BI-D ALL Plates white or this? the Cleaning the Head From the Performing Cleaning From the this the of their respective owners.
Chapter This covers the assembly and of the JetPlate and JetPlate Proofer this the of their respective owners. Jetplate Proofer (optional) UV Light JetPlate Assembling the and and Flushing and Charging the Proofer (optional) the JetPlate The least with height of You to enough free to the right of the that there while positioning the input The Proofer optional recommended. Both should enough to to the JetPlate and/or Proofer with the twelve-foot that shipped with JetPlate
UV Light this the of their respective owners. The plates with the JetPlate Therefore, yellow or light the JetPlate.
Chapter the JetPlate Unpacking and Assembling the Optional The shipped boxes: the JetPlate and the If the optional third this the optional Unpack the optional and these items. You screwdriver. of the the as shown. (The the matched with the base.) the included wrench to the with (H). this the of their respective owners. A: right and each) B: right and each) C: D: Top E: F: Accessories: G: wrench H: attaching to I: attaching to J: attaching to K: screws with washers attaching top to L: screws attaching to M: Washers attaching to
the other and the the as shown. the with U) and (I) each the top as shown. screwdriver to the four screws (K). each of the securely. the the the including software, trays, and them of the the to of the and cushions. the from the of the as shown. the and from the the and other from the as shown below. and this the of their respective owners.
the from around the the from the these areas: the front cover. Then the and the the head. the and to the If to the least people to as shown. follow the instructions the section to mount the optional Mounting the the Optional If optional follow these to mount the the and the to the from this the of their respective owners. front front the the right the
the the indicated locations. Then the as shown. the to the with wing screws and washers (M). Attaching the This section the Optional Proofer ONLY! the as shown. The free of the should outward. the the the of the (The rear with R.) this the of their respective owners.
the front once as shown, the around the the the front the the and the casters. Then the to the of (The casters the the casters and the Connecting the Cord outlet that or switch. off the and the to the AC the back of the Route the through of the the or right as shown. the properly grounded this the of their respective owners.
the Cartridges the the first the type EPSON UltraChrome" or EPSON Photographic The the to the as the This the type of its The JetPlate the JetPlate Inc. other than the JetPlate Inc. or to the the grounded Follow these to the Press the the to the the cover. the to the the that with the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If can't the smoothly, the each from its If EPSON UltraChrome each this the of their respective owners.
the the each with the arrow the the light off the Photographic users: the the first the UltraChrome users: the included the Black the first the then the Light Black the the the to the and the cover. off the or the of the while the light flashing. The charging the and the light flashes. This about off the or this or than necessary. the light flashing and appears the ready to the Loading the that with and from its protective The already the (If "Loading the the the EPSON Follow these to the the the cover. To feeding Sheet when the the as shown. (The white of the the right.) this the of their respective owners.
the turned Press the Source the light the back to the released the the the the through the Turn the back to Then the of the with the of as shown. the the of the to the the cover. this the of their respective owners.
Press the (or seconds). The and READY appears the the JetPlate Rip the to the Rip Follow the instructions the JetPlate Rip (this connecting the to the The Rip the Connecting the to the to of the following: USB interface and XP. interface-for Optional IEEE interface and XP. The optional allows to to and them the of the the EPSON instructions). Optional Ethernet interface card-network connectivity optional Ethernet the of To switched network the EPSON instructions). to to optional interface instead of the built-in If choose to purchase optional interface the EPSON information. Connecting to the USB To the to USB shielded USB Follow the below to the to both the and off. If the when to first USB directly to the USB the of the USB this the of their respective owners. to the USB the back of
the Connecting to the Only) To the built-in interface, shielded, bidirectional, Follow the below to the to both the and turned off. the securely the interface. Then the together they both the other of the the and to the head correctly; of the printhead to These of the following the instructions (You the sheets or Press the SelecType the You PRINTER SETUP. Press Press the that with the to the the printed, to or "deflected" Deflected ones, that should clean the head. the Each and straight should with the this the of their respective owners. of the USB to USB or first USB TEST PRINT, then You NOZZLE CHECK. PRINT, then The
If from the as shown below, the head as the section. Cleaning the Head from the of the lights the off. If light flashing or to the Press the Cleaning and least seconds. The light flashes as the cleans its head. The cleaning about seconds and the light off, the to that the head clean. You to the cleaning to effective cleaning, Performing Cleaning If to the head as cleaning. You should cleaning often than necessary, Press the SelecType the You PRINTER SETUP. Press Press The the cleaning. off the or this If the the cleaning, overnight, then the head the following morning. If JetPlate Inc. the Head the should the head to clean, To the to of as If the head the correctly and head Although the head the software, to this from the This the head and this the of their respective owners. MAINTENANCE, then EXEC appears the then You PWR CLEANING.
the BI-D them this UNI-D ALL, then BI-D BLACK, and then BI-D ALL. the BI-D BLACK (K1) the turned then that least inches EPSON Doubleweight (this the type of that with If the the plate normally, and to the Press the SelecType the You PRINTER SETUP. Press Press Press Press the they the section the following the selected the UNI-D ALL the of the (or the than of printed. the the of the that follow, to those to instead of the the or right. the the Notice that prompting to choose the the K2 or the that with the to which the straightest. this the the choice. this the of their respective owners. HEAD ALIGNMENT, then *STD appears the This the thickness EPSON JetPlate or to the (UNI-D ALL, BI-D BLACK, or BI-D ALL), then to the You PAPER THKNS.
the Press to selection and to the of this to each of the other C, M, and Y. each the of the straightest then this to the of and to the head the BI-D BLACK the width of the (or the than of printed. the the of the that follow, to those to instead of the the or right. the the Notice that It prompting to choose the the K1 or the that with the to which the straightest. this the the choice. the Press to selection and to the of this to the and each the of the straightest then to the head the BI-D ALL to the BI-D BLACK this IMPORTANT: K1 when prompted, or the of the the than of printed. the the of the that follow, to those this the of their respective owners. or to the of the straightest that the selection. or to the of the straightest that the selection.
the the It shows K1. the K1. Press and with the following The prompting to choose the the K2 or the that with the to which the least this the (numbered the choice. the Press to selection and to the of this to the C, M, and this realignment, K1 and each the of the then this to the of and IMPORTANT: K1 when prompted, or to the head this the of their respective owners. to instead of the the or right. or to the of the that the selection.
Chapter and The ready the the of from the the cover. the screws the and the (rear) and (front)). the screws from the white (right) and the (rear), (front), and the four headed screws thick and thinner. Screw the thinner screws the to the front of the (the from the these screws as the to these screws) Screw the thicker screws the from the and them the top cover to the with the screws provided. the the JetPlate the the screws from the washer each of the screws and screw the the ALL the screws. the catch cover assembly the from the front of the JetPlate, and with the screws provided. the cover with the and the screws from the that with the cover. the cover with the screws from the this the of their respective owners.
Flushing and Charging to charge the JetPlate with Plate The Turn off JetPlate the locking ALL the to the locking the service Source Cut/Eject the while turning the Press to Service then Select Press to ED then Select Press Confirm that to O. and Initial below. The approximately the service the while turning the Press to Cleaning, then Press to then The to the of This about Flushing The to the of the JetPlate to the ready Plate chart below Turn off JetPlate the locking the to the locking this the of their respective owners.
as This about The to charge the with the This about the LK, C, M, LC, and LM and with as with the and the from the and and with as This about flushing the JetPlate, the to to Turn the off the service Source Cut/Eject while turning the Press to Service and then Select Press to ED then Press Confirm that to X. Turn off the JetPlate. Charge with Plate The to the JetPlate with ALL the from the JetPlate. Plate the and Black the as This about this the of their respective owners.
(optional) The optional shipped the optional purchased Follow the instructions to the optional Follow the attaching the Follow the instructions to the JetProof. Follow the instructions and The ready the instructions. this the of their respective owners. The JetPlate ready to the instructions).
Chapter Troubleshooting JetPlate the of the head the JetPlate and If appears or straight, to the head. Although the head the software, to this from the This the head and If already as the JetPlate This that the and the head correctly. the To plate the the the to inches. or the the BI-D them this UNI-D ALL, then BI-D BLACK, and then ALL. the BI-D BLACK (K1) Press the SelecType the You PRINTER SETUP. Press HEAD ALIGNMENT, then SelecType, PAPER THKNS. Press SelecType *STD appears the This the thickness EPSON Press Press the or to the (UNI- ALL, BI-D BLACK, or BI-D ALL), and then to the they the section the following the selected should three of If to only uni-directionally, only to UNI-D ALL. If to directionally, the UNI-D ALL first, then BI-D BLACK, then BI-D ALL. If the head JetPlate this the of their respective owners.
the UNI-D ALL Follow these when the UNI-D ALL the of the plate or the than of printed. the the of the that follow, to those to instead of the the or right. the the Notice that prompting to choose the the K2 or the that with the to which the straightest. this the the choice (If the straightest each group, the head already properly Press to the head early) the or to the of the straightest that the selection. Press to selection and to the of this to each of the other C, M, and Y. each the of the straightest then this to the of and to the head this the of their respective owners.
the BI-D BLACK Follow these when the BI-D BLACK the of the plate or the than of printed. the the of the that follow, to those to instead of the the or right. the the Notice that prompting to choose the the K1 own or the that with the to which the straightest. this the the choice (If the straightest each group, the head already properly Press to early) the head the or to the of the straightest that the selection. Press to selection and to the of this to the and each the of the straightest then to the head the BI-D ALL to the BI-D BLACK this this the of their respective owners.
Follow the below when the BI-D ALL IMPORTANT: K1 when prompted, or the of the the than of printed. the the of the that follow, to those to instead of the the or right. the the It shows K1. the K1. Press and with the following The prompting to choose the the K2 own or the that with the to which the least this the the choice. If the each group, the head already properly Press to the head early. the or to the of the that the selection. Press to selection and to the of this the of their respective owners.
this to the C, M, and Y. each the of the then this to the of and to the head Plates white or this? From to the become clogged. This the If the the head become trailing the plate (this the the the head The white the To this the cleaning below, and the JetPlate head the To the or the Press the SelecType the PRINTER SETUP. Press the TEST PRINT, and then the SelecType You NOZZLE CHECK. Press the SelecType PRINT, then The If using the plate as the Each and straight should with the of If from the as shown below, the head as below. Cleaning the Head From the Follow these to the cleaning from the of the lights the OFF. If light IS flashing or to the this the of their respective owners. IMPORTANT: K1 when prompted, or
Press the Cleaning and seconds. The light flashes as the cleans its head. The cleaning about seconds and or the light off, the to that the head clean. You to the cleaning to effective cleaning, ALWAYS cleaning If cleanings, the Cleaning as below. You should cleaning often than necessary, amounts of Performing Cleaning From the Press the SelecType the You PRINTER SETUP. Press the MAINTENANCE, then SelecType. You PWR CLEANING. Press SelecType EXEC appears the then The the cleaning. turn off the or this If the the cleaning, JetPlate this the of their respective owners.