NOC KOW Sign-off: Unpacking and Instructions Checking the and Assembling EPSON and Assembling EPSON the Loading the Loading the Connecting the with Computer. the Software the COVER1.FM A4 Unpacking and R4CD380/E850 English
COVER2.FM A4 Unpacking and R4CD380/E850 NOC KOW Sign-off: cover mounting Rear USB interface rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON STYLUS of Corporation. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Apple and of Apple Computer, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights front cover IEEE1394 interface AC Optional interface cover
NOC KOW Sign-off: Instructions of these instructions using to follow and instructions the Warning, and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and useful the of Instructions of these instructions to follow and instructions the or cover the the through the to the only the type of indicated the or cord. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following The interface (including interface and the optional Unit Non-LPS Precautions choosing the to and humidity. the from sunlight, light, or heat to and the from the areas. the outlet where the easily the the or the the heads hand; otherwise the the Cartridges of the reach of and their cool, If off with and If them immediately with ENGLISH.FM A4 Unpacking and R4CD380/E850 The or the the or the the normally or performance. English
ENGLISH.FM A4 and R4CD380/E850 NOC KOW Sign-off: (that previously) with too force. the the the within months of the or to them. This the head. the supply or its surrounding and the IC the of the Doing operation and United of options EPSON (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products EPSON (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to rating and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and yellow connected to the the which with the or earth The to the the with the N. The to the the with the L. If to the the or with of the and
NOC KOW Sign-off: Checking the Unpacking and Assembling EPSON C EPSON EPSON EPSON A: B: with the C: D: E: F: G: Black Conversion Choosing the easy operation, and as shown below. the below the least the back of the and the Choose location that the (about with the and grounded or cord. that shared with other that the of this the the following locations that to sunlight, heat, or the ENGLISH.FM A4 and R4CD380/E850 to 35C Humidity: to without English
ENGLISH.FM A4 and R4CD380/E850 NOC KOW Sign-off: locations of interference such as or locations TVs, conditioners, or the from Where to Unpack the the followings: and the to the chosen of as the Allow of and height of least that of the containing the Unpacking and Assembling the Unpacking the the and the from the of the the and from the then and The heavy and people the and four people the top of the A: upright, B: upright, right C: D: E: C
NOC KOW Sign-off: F: wrench G: head H: washers, and washers(2) connecting the to the I: feed Assembling the people to the upright (A) and as shown. Then the to the the head (G) with the wrench (F). instruction about the attached to the front of upright right. to the other of the to the (B). four screws the both of the upright securely. This assembly of the attaching the mount the the Unpacking the The heavy and people the and four people the top of the the with and cushions from around the ENGLISH.FM A4 Unpacking and R4CD380/E850 the screws too tight. to the when the screw the other upright. English
ENGLISH.FM A4 Unpacking and R4CD380/E850 NOC KOW Sign-off: the and from the items from the hollow (A and B) the of the The included with the from the Mounting the the the (J) and the (K) the the casters and them they the front of the as shown. Mount the the as shown below. to the with than four the the match the right of the (shown as the below) to the of the of the top
NOC KOW Sign-off: the of the and with washers, and washers (H). Release the front and the and the to the of the and the the protective C from the front cover from the C: from the the front cover. the protective screw (L) and plate (M) from the of the head (Follow the (N) the of the and the screw the of the wire.) the front cover. Attaching the and the (D) to the of the upright and right. ENGLISH.FM A4 Unpacking and R4CD380/E850 Watch when and the front cover. L: Protective screw M: Protective plate N: the screw and the them to them. English
ENGLISH.FM A4 and R4CD380/E850 NOC KOW Sign-off: Turning the stitch the the the the the to the that attached to the the the the upright and right, as shown. the to their length. both of the (O) the the the the of the as shown below. the shown the the the of the (the the intermediate and the the back that the of the
NOC KOW Sign-off: the shown the the of the as shown below, when the or backward. feed the with the Unit, the with the Unit. If to the with the Unit, the If the or to the the the the and the the as shown below. the If to the should repacked the and and Assembling EPSON Choosing the easy operation, and as shown below. the below the least the back of the and the ENGLISH.FM A4 Unpacking and R4CD380/E850 English
ENGLISH.FM A4 and R4CD380/E850 NOC KOW Sign-off: the If the the If follow the below. Choose that the (about and height of from the the and the front of the the of the enough front of the from or crinkled. grounded or cord. that shared with other that the of this the the following to 35C Humidity: to without locations that to sunlight, heat, or the locations of interference such as or locations TVs, or locations that to or the from the from areas. Where to Unpack the the followings: and the to the chosen of as the Allow of and height of least that of the containing the Unpacking the The heavy and people the the containing the and the with and cushions from around the the from the of the
NOC KOW Sign-off: the and from the the items from the hollow (A and B) the of the The included with the the the protective from the front cover from the cover from the from the of the head (screw and plate the front cover). the screw. to the Checking the of the assembling the the of the to that of the items shown included, and ENGLISH.FM A4 Unpacking and R4CD380/E850 C A: Right and B: Right and C: D: Top E: F: wrench English
ENGLISH.FM A4 Unpacking and R4CD380/E850 NOC KOW Sign-off: Accessories: H: I: J: head with washers K: L: screws M: Washers Assembling the Assembly to match the right and (R and the of the and the right the right the the as shown. the wrench to the to the with (H). the and the as the the right and as shown. the wrench (G) to the with (K) and (I). assembling the and that they tightly.
NOC KOW Sign-off: the top the right and screw to the with head with washers (J). This assembly of the each of the securely. Mounting the the or people to mount the the the indicated locations as shown. If the the from the the casters and the the the and them they Mount the the mount as shown. the of the and the mount with screws (L) and washers (M) This the mounting the and the together securely. ENGLISH.FM A4 Unpacking and R4CD380/E850 English
ENGLISH.FM A4 and R4CD380/E850 NOC KOW Sign-off: the the the the boards attached to the The top of the should facing the the of the the of the the as shown. the front to the which attached to the as shown (N). Then, the front the of the the front of the the as shown (O). the of the as shown below, when the or backward. the If to the should the boxes and
NOC KOW Sign-off: the Connecting the Cord shown this section EPSON they appearance from EPSON The instructions the as noted. the the back of the to the the matches that of the Also, that the It to the If the rated and match, the cord, and the to the AC the back of the Route the through the the of the The routed to the or right the properly grounded outlet that or switch. or to the Cartridges To the follow the instructions below. The self-contained ordinary from the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with The included with of the to the Initial charging approximately ENGLISH.FM A4 and R4CD380/E850 English
ENGLISH.FM A4 and R4CD380/E850 NOC KOW Sign-off: Each of to the the to the choose. EPSON EPSON Light Light Black Black Light Black Light Light Black Black or Black Turn the the INSTALL INK CARTRIDGE the LCD the cover, and that the the the from (that previously) with too force. the with the arrow facing and to the of the and then the the the LCD. and the other
NOC KOW Sign-off: their the The while, appear the LCD. or the accordingly READY appears the LCD, which charging completed. the cover. the charging the and the light flashes about the charged, the light flashing. the following while the light flashing; otherwise Turn off the the front cover the the the to the released the the the Loading the To the the follow the instructions below. the off the of the the that the shown. the the and the the back the the of the the cover. the the and right of the the mounting the that the turned ENGLISH.FM A4 and R4CD380/E850 The and mounting color-coded. Mount the the mounting that the as the of the English
ENGLISH.FM A4 Unpacking and R4CD380/E850 NOC KOW Sign-off: that the light flashing, and then the to the released The LEVER RELEASED. LOAD PAPER appears the LCD the to the released while the light flashing. Doing the the the insertion the through the insertion that it below. If the follow the instructions below. the the the using thick, heavy, or the to increase the thin or light the to the If the the the front cover and the manually. the of the the to that the of the straight, and that with the You to the right of the with the the to the and the cover. PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears.
NOC KOW Sign-off: Press the The heads and the the READY appears the LCD the the heads and the automatically. READY appears the LCD ready to the then the the informations). Allow the to thoroughly to the If the from the the to the released and the from the and separately. Loading the To than of A3/B), the section. To with of A4, A3, US B, and A3/B, Loading Sheet with of A3/US B, and A3/B If thick to Thick to Loading than Edge of A3/B) To than follow the below. as off the of the as reduce quality. that the and the cover closed. Press the Source repeatedly appears. that the light flashing, and then the to the released The LEVER RELEASED. LOAD PAPER appears the LCD the the insertion below. that the right and of the straight and with the and the the to the PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the LCD ENGLISH.FM A4 and R4CD380/E850 the to the released while the light flashing; otherwise, English
ENGLISH.FM A4 Unpacking and R4CD380/E850 NOC KOW Sign-off: Press the The heads and the the READY appears the LCD the the heads and the automatically. READY appears the LCD the ready to While the the front cover. If the front cover while the and then when the front cover closed. and restarting reduce the the the of its that the from the Loading with of A3/US B, and A3/B To with of A3/US B, and A3/B, follow the below. as off the of the as reduce that the and the cover closed. Press the Source repeatedly appears. that the the and then the the insertion that the right of the straight and with the right of the the cover. PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the LCD Press the The heads and the the automatically. READY appears the LCD the the heads and the automatically. READY appears the LCD the ready to While the the front cover. If the front while the and then when the front cover closed. and restarting reduce the quality. the the and PAPER OUT displayed the LCD To the while the The from the the the of its that the from the
NOC KOW Sign-off: Thick to thick sheets, such as follow the below. thick than B1 otherwise, B1 thick first. You to the the the informations). that the Press the Source repeatedly appears. that the light flashing, and then the to the released LEVER RELEASED. LOAD PAPER appears the LCD the front cover. the sheet the insertion that the of the the front cover. that the right and of the sheet straight and with the and the the to the and then the front cover. PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the LCD Press the and then follow the other ENGLISH.FM A4 Unpacking and R4CD380/E850 the the heads and the automatically. READY appears the LCD the the of its that the from the English
ENGLISH.FM A4 and R4CD380/E850 NOC KOW Sign-off: Connecting the with The interface the Microsoft operating or Apple used, as follows: USB interface and Ethernet interface (Option): XP, and OS or OS IEEE1394 interface: XP, and OS or OS the USB Interface To the to USB shielded USB To the to using the built-in USB interface, follow the below. If or peripheral the and the the become both the and the turned off. the USB to the USB interface the other of the the USB interface of the the and the with the USB the Software the IEEE1394 Interface To and the IEEE interface follow the below. to the IEEE (C12C836321); otherwise, the the of the EMC of each country. both the and the turned off. the interface to the the other of the the IEEE1394 interface of the the and the with the IEEE interface, the Software IEEE interface
NOC KOW Sign-off: the Optional Interface Card The following optional Ethernet interface The Ethernet interface the from XP, and or OS and C12C82434 Int. The the of the which location. the optional interface To optional interface follow the below. the optional interface the that with the information. both the and the turned off. the from the the interface when the connected to Doing the the interface necessary. cross-head screw to the screws that the shield to the optional interface and then off the to the screws when the shield the interface the both of the interface to the the of the interface the internal ENGLISH.FM A4 Unpacking and R4CD380/E850 other screws around the shielded According to the interface from the English
ENGLISH.FM A4 Unpacking and R4CD380/E850 NOC KOW Sign-off: the Software connecting the to to the software included the Software CD-ROM shipped with To software, follow the below. Turn off protection software. turned off. the Software CD-ROM shipped with the CD-ROM If the selection appears, Click Select Click to the software installation. Select country or of the selection appears. Follow the on-screen instruction. If appears the installation, to the installation. OS Turn off protection software. the off. the Software CD-ROM shipped with the CD-ROM Double-click the OS If the selection appears, Click Select Click to the software installation. Follow the instructions. the software and restarting the the the Chooser to the software to Chooser and You the first or whenever to switch to another the selected. Select Chooser from the Apple Then, and the to. USB interface users, and the connected to. IEEE interface users, and the connected Select the Background to background or off. With background while to the EPSON IV to background turned the Chooser
NOC KOW Sign-off: OS Turn off protection the software. This software the UNIX (UFS) OS X. the software or that UFS. This the OS the turned off. the Software CD-ROM shipped with the CD-ROM Double-click the OS If the selection appears, Click Select Click to the software installation. Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the software, the Then the Selecting the software to You the first or whenever to switch to another the selected. Double-click HD Double-click the Applications Double-click the Double-click OS or OS Click the interface that the and Select Click the the the the What to Next completing the and the the information troubleshooting, technical specifications and optional products. the It instructions using the and information the optional products. To the the ESPR7X9X the On the the Click to XP or or Select EPSON and then ESPR7X9X To the Microsoft or or or ENGLISH.FM A4 Unpacking and R4CD380/E850 English