RS 400282000DO
EPSON 48-NOZZLE INK JET PRINTER rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the US) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and Corporation. CompuServe of CompuServe Information Service. Helvetica and of Linotype Copyright ESC/P and Corporation from the of the information contained AG and/or its ESC/P of
There things should know about sheets as to that the first of correctly then too the or that the from the These easy to of the as below to the right Tofind the right top and to and then to thefirst This If the top or increasing the or both, the You the whether sheets or choose sheets. normally what choose the the right to choose. include option to the If and 8.5x11-inch the to A4, 8.5x11-inch the that the A4). of inches
switch cover Font WI cover (PSI (PS) Load/
high-speed offers the following features: Protection Agencys which the of computers, and monitors. High quality. inch You to Compact, to the office or its footprint ESC/P 2TM. This and graphics to text and graphics. (LQ) with the U.S. characters EPA POLLUTION PIIEVENTEII Introduction
The EPA that computers, and other peripheral would would reduced The EPA of or service. Where to United States America and service through nationwide network of authorized and Service the following services through the Introduction Con.nectionSM Assistance locating Authorized or Service Technical with the and operation of products of the ESC/P reference which information technical information service Product with technical specifications and products of ribbons, and Customer Relations annually and tons. ESC/P2
CompuServe The to helpful specifications, and through the America CompuServe. If currently of CompuServe, introductory membership as of This membership to: introductory CI ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly To of this offer, States and and countries, If already CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America credit CompuServe or the United other CompuServe Introduction
United the comply with their and of merchantable and their or with This the or the rights of the the including Sections of the of Act, Products, other than OEM products, operation or performance of ONE YEAR from the of purchase the user of the this MUST of purchase, normally the of and the responsibility of the to furnish such proof. (UK) or of the the to the from whom purchased or, this to who the the of difficulty, users to the Service This covers the of both the and to malfunction of the specifically wear and tear, physical to incorrect or and or operation to unauthorized and inexpert Introduction (UK) Limited. to
The restricted to the performance of the and (UK) responsibility or or performance, when the with other or software. Product as of or or the specifications or the subjected to The cover to the or the of of the of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products (UK) information Warning: This earthed. to rating and that the to the supply The wires the leadfitted to this coloured with the following and yellow Earth Introduction
the with the terminals as follows: The and connected to the the which with the The connected to the the with the The connected to the the with the If to the the or with of the and Instructions Introduction of the the of this or coloured or and yellow. of these instructions Follow and instructions the this from the outlet clean cloth cleaning and or cleaners. or or other that allow the to coloured the or coloured or coloured red. or with the earth
where the If cord, that the of the the products the the cords Also, that the of products the outlet of as they or that of fire or shock. or the These the to operation and protection from overheating. the or other the Also, the installation, such as bookcase, provided. the or or heat the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with third (grounding) which fits grounding-type This If to the the the of the type Introduction built- grounding-
as specifically the to the yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the outlet and repaired service the following Introduction A. the or or frayed. B. If C. If to or D. If normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions of other and often technician to the to operation. E. If or the F. If performance, indicating service.
Chapter About Choosing the right Unpacking the the Choosing the the the Cartridge Testing the Loading the the Connecting the to Software the
About If to they from or noticeable of this high and cost-effective, the right laser-sharp usually associated with the to and than the toner the head, or from the and then them the the of characters or graphics. the head the as it than such as with other of to through the following of to and efficiently: of the If off with and If them immediately with the of the reach of the or to them. Once the the or the to with The become otherwise. the immediately from its Leaving the
its rated to the the Cl the from to about hour the to the Cl off the while or the head capped. (The head when the right The head the seconds. You the head the the or the the the head capped, and the Choosing the right One of the to with selecting the right With that too the slightly, causing characters to with that enough, the too to and smear easily. The and thickness of the that rough or coated finish. Also, that too thick or too thin. the specifications the information. without to or
To supply of from the and the the and the You should both of the to which the If the or smear, the should with the the the printed, the type of used, and the and humidity, or If the enough, as they the should include these items:
locations, the attached to the The of the AC country; the included the right location. You and protective with and the Follow the the Notice to these of the and the protective to the the You should the the To the notches the mounting the
Choosing the selecting location follow these If to follow these tl that least Cl that the It should Cl they with feeding; them to of the the If the or properly. the enough to the the interface to reach easily. easy and or the to and humidity. from sunlight, light or heat to and the where easily the cord. outlets switches or timers. Also, outlets the as or other that the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded
the that the switch the the back of the to the the matches that of Also, that the If the to the to the AC the back of the the properly grounded the of the switch If If the match, coufacf to the rated and turned off. It off when another the
the Cartridge enough to about The of to the amount of text and graphics each The first to charge the with You to this once. To the of -I the to with -I Dont the as follows: the head otf the (To and then turn off the Pcrform the only the head the sealed hand.
the turned off. both the The head to the automatically. the Release the buttons the and buttons while turn
the cover. the top of the to
the the the with the and the arrow the the arrow the containing the and from the protective the from the to
the the back of the to the Press the the cover. to charge the It about The light flashes throughout the and off when the charging finished.
Testing the the the to the properly. You the with from the built-in or feeding manually. This section the Loading the the cover and the of or A4 then to the built-
of the the with the face-down. the right of the with the right of the Then the to match the of as shown below. the cover and the to the to the about with the to the the of this chapter. the the turned off.
While holding the FONT the the the seconds.) It of from the and the The characters each the the appear the of typical !"#$%&'()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQR $%&I()*+,-./0123456789:; %&'()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>7@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUV~ &I()*+,-./0123456789:; The the the or the To the the To the the To the the to and then the to the Turn off the Connecting the to If the correctly, ready to to the You shielded twisted-pair to to the built-in interface. :;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRS <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTU' <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWX
Follow these both the and turned off. the securely the interface the together they both If ground wire, to the ground the interface the other of the the interface. If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the Seffing
Software the type of that the of the features. of these or that of To of features, including ESC/P of these listed, software that includes of these. choose another as to the top of the as SQ-870/1170 LQ-870/1170 LQ-570/1070 LQ-100 If of these the first from the following: EX, FX, LX, RX, the as to and with the and that the shows the with If the what Troubleshooting or or software choose of the first the below. If ESC/P MX, and SQ-850/2550 LQ-850+/1050+ LQ-550/1010 LQ-500 LQ-2550 LQ-800/1000 LQ-1500 ESC/P LQ,
Following the below the performance when with the the the and the from the and to Cl If the of the and then the to Press the to of You switch to to feed or without the supply from the instructions, Loading Manually Chapter Cl You the and with the the with Feed Chapter of the top and should usually the the account. Cl The from the You using or commands, necessary. the about commands. If the enough, sheets as they the and
Chapter Other Functions Loading Manually sheets the lights the with the the Selecting Character Fonts Scalable the the Other Functions
Loading Manually You of or from the without the from the instructions this You the to sheets of from You the following from the feed Envelope Envelope sheets Follow these to the feed Turn the Other Functions instructions the Chapter inches) to inches) to inches) inches) section the inches) inches) inches) inches) and from
of the o the straight, Then from the to the the the finishes the automatically. If the the the You as as from the o the as the right of the with the arrow the The the the to switch to the the and the The then of from the fheyfiuislz Other Functions the Load/Eject
You the feed to Turn the and the cover. Turn the paper-thickness clockwise as as the cover. Other Functions
the operating If the enough, To switch back to the the paper-thickness the with the the top the first, and the The the to the automatically. from The the when finished Within the of the the as theyyfinish counterclockwise as as Then the to from the of the Other Functions
the The easy operations. It consists of lights and buttons. lights On when Font Indicate the These three lights and off when the Font The the which selected. instructions selecting On when the selected. this selected, the of selected Other Functions information.
On when the selected. this selected, the character. The the both and This rough and On when the of flashing the instructions On when the of flashing On when the memory. Press this to temporarily. Press to Press the to or sheet of If from the this switches back to the Press this to through the choices the The Font lights the selection. Press the Economy/Condensed to or Press to selection off. The light or off to the select. Other Functions LQ the the
this seconds to the head to the when the The the the functions as follows: PRINT HEAD MICRO FEED: the with You the micro-feed to the or to the the single-sheet the the off the The when the Other Functions the of the other buttons. and another to CLENINC head cleaning Cleaning the Head Load/Eject) Clears the and the to their factory A-11 Economy/Condensed) the with Feed, below /NO-inch to the factory
the The the of the when the from the or the feed If too high or the the with the as follows: the of from the the the cover. as the loaded, the The the head the of characters. (You to to the or from the the to the and the the the buttons reach the FJ the cover. from the to turned inch, or the Font to Other Functions inch.
Cl The and to the these the and the the reaches the the The the the where the head actually If to the the micro-feed as follows: Press the to the light the Press the to (You The the backwards when Other Functions AH and the or Font to the the to to the reach this thefactory-set the thefactory as reference CO.31 inch) to the when
Selecting Character Fonts built-in character including the to Press the Font to from the the The three Font lights off The below the and shows the Font lights appear each selection. Font lights Fonts Font selections to the HelveticaWe) to the active o and only. these selections. to ABCDEFGhi flashing off with Other and H. or
Scalable The of the selected from or command. the that with information selecting the of the of this of ESC o reduces the of characters to characters to This spreadsheets and other where to the amount of information You the the condensed.) You that and proportionally spaced. You Ifyour should rather than Other Functions commands. of their allowing with the to and characterfonts and T, and ESC/P through or the the
the with of internal that of such as and feed. these each the they The factory to the of users, to them. The below the the of each To the -feed. Character Network interface text/graphics If them to country. On, On, On, On, the the Other Functions and A-22 character and these features,
Character Character the characters and The text with the selected character this the lights the or off to the The ordinarily bidirectionally and graphics characters unidirectionally to the switches bidirectional text and motion graphics this to off, the head motion software. Network interface If connected to this off. If to the and computers, this to this to the though the continuously the light off turning off the text/graphics This software that text combined with graphics. the text/graphics to off Other Functions selection.
feed the each (CR) text unexpectedly double-spaced, this to off. If text top of each other, to the To the the buttons; the lights Follow the below to the the Economy/Condensed and Press the Font the Font lights the the the to the the the seconds.) The of and summary and instructions. It instructs to the that (English, or Spanish). of then the selection. Spanish turned off and Other Functions (LF) If to
the and the instruction the selected. finished, then to the To to the to the the and lights the selection. to the character the lights off and the light Next, the Font to the from off indicated the The shows typical Other Functions the the off flashing (O), and the and to the Font lights to selection, as
C o o Network I/F o o o DATA, PAPER FONT o o (C HAN GE BY OUT, o o o o o SETTING VALUE CHA GE ALT) ITALIC U.S.A FRANCE GERMANY U.K. DENMARK1 SWEDEN ITALY SPAIN1 PC437 PC850 PC860 PC863 PC865 PC861 BRASCI ITALIC U.S.A ON OFF OFF OFF ALT o o o FONT) (c)Network I/F graphics Other Functions o LED On DATA LED PAPER OUT LED INK OUT FONT On ..O ..O ..O
and to of To the the off. You the Other Functions the Amy them to the and the them, the the off to without turning off
Chapter and Troubleshooting the Cartridge Cleaning the Head Cleaning the Transporting the Troubleshooting supply and Troubleshooting
the Cartridge the light the flashes, the the The the completely empty. of the and the light Its to hand. SO20025 to operation and the of the head. Other of the head or Follow these to the the and both the and lights Then the cover. the the when the head to the the to release the (The the it easy to and Troubleshooting seconds and release
the of the and of properly. the or to the the recharge the the to Cleaning the Head If the built-in print-head cleaning to that the properly. To wasting the head Follow these the the The cleaning about flashes throughout the and then when the cleaning finished. Press the to If them thoroughly with and with Turn to and follow the there to the the head as This seconds to If the light the to the seconds. and the light and the seconds. The light and Troubleshooting them immediately
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly Transporting the If to using the and as follows: the and that the head the right If the head capped, and Troubleshooting the from the to and If the outer or the of the dirty, with clean cloth with the closed to from the If the of the with off with cloth. the to Then, turned off. off the
the from the then the the If the clean the Troubleshooting while operating this section and follow the recommended If or service supply The or lights off. that the properly the that the of the switch with the (I) to If the outlet switch or the the interface from the the from the the protective to the the and and them the head. Cleaning the Head. where the and Troubleshooting tratisporting.
another the outlet to whether The lights then off and off. that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to lights the nothing and the occurred. seconds The light flashes. The of ready to the The light and the three the The empty, or the with and the light temporarily suspended. Press the to and Troubleshooting Turn off the
The light off nothing The interface securely. both of the the and the interface both the and specifications. that software properly Printed as expected. If the correctly, the right, and the the the or the interface If the or service Check the within software the to the and To the the and Font buttons and the the the seconds.) Then from the The the from the You this information to isolate The sounds nothing The head clogged. the and the seconds to the head. Cleaning the Head this chapter. If the properly, the and Troubleshooting
characters or graphics. The head the and the seconds to the head. Cleaning the Head earlier this chapter. the text/graphics to the the Chapter the Network interface to the the Chapter The light or The head clogged. the and the seconds to the head. Cleaning the Head earlier this chapter. The paper-thickness correctly. The the paper-thickness Loading Manually Chapter or to the or You selected the To this the Economy/Condensed the light off. The You the type of Although of with should the to choosing the right and Troubleshooting AH
You the of the both to which the quality. or or The or characters with software that the correctly The selected the software the the software. The characters printed. The character selected. the character as the Chapter too high or too the the top using or the feed to to the the with Feed Chapter the text the feed to the that the line-feed to each the Chapter and Troubleshooting
The text feed to off the that the Chapter incorrect. the with software. Printed The match the of the the the within software to match to the The the three the the or from the sheets properly from the Too sheets the the from the and to The too thick or too thin to that the the specifications. feeding. Technical Specifications the The than The too thin. that the the specifications. feeding. Technical Specifications the and Troubleshooting each text as exuected. light and the
The ejected The too thin or that the the specifications. Technical Specifications the or The the to the The too to from the that within the specified Technical Specifications the crookedly from the feed the to the Then sheet straight the feed The the To clear follow the below. the cover and the cover. the from the of the as shown below. and Troubleshooting
Preventing and If or to this of corrective and Troubleshooting the gently. If the tears, If the caught the of the the back the of the and the cover and the cover. higher-quality that too thin or rough. of feeding. Chapter the of and then to that too the You to turning the of the of the to with arrow the of the the
Technical Specifications A-2 specifications A-2 Interface specifications A-7 A-11 Command Summary A-13 commands A-13 the summary A-13 A-13 feeding A-14 A-14 motion................................................................. A-15 Font selection A-15 Font A-17 Spacing A-17 Character A-18 A-20 Graphics A-21 Character A-1 A-21
Technical Specifications Printable and characters inch spacing: A-2 characters graphics Bidirectional with and graphics. (The the inch, inch, or milliseconds KB when text/graphics option to ON KB when text/graphics option to OFF
other command summary this chapter of commands. sheets Font and character PC437 MAZOWIA, substituted. Thickness and Quality with the following PC852, MJK, ISO8859-7, to to to to ESC/P commands. the PC853, PC857, IS0 The to inches) to inches) to inches) to A-3 X869,
sheets insertion): other insertion): Printable A-4 Thickness Quality If inches) Thickness inches) first; the feed only. Quality sheets and insertion) A-5 the of A, to to to to fcttrperotf~rr src~itclr to to and thickness within than to inches) to inches) to inches) to COllrlifiO~25 of Irighrr to to B, and C.)
The top The C The Mechanical Paper-feed MTBF: and right (SO20025): Color: capacity: Cartridge life: inches). Friction Black years from (The the head cleaning function.) to to month hours -3C hours hours inches). inches). characters 40C to 104F) 60C to 140F) 40C (104F) 60C (140F) (26.6F) 25C A-5 (77F)
head and Operation: A-6 Rated Rated Rated Rated Rated Rated AC AC to to to Approx. AC to AC to 50to60Hz to inches) inches) inches) LQ LQ to 35C to 6OC 140F) to 95F) to
Humidity (without Operation: US R.F.I.: Interface specifications with interface. Specifications and assignments The built-in interface the following characteristics: Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and Connector: 10C (50F) US FCC to 27C 35C (95F) (80F) UL1950 with EN IEC (SEMKO, (VDE EN TTL or to assured D3, CSA22.2 DEMKO, NEMKO, (CISPR ACKNL.G Amphenol A-7 RI-I RI-I SETI)
The below the assignments and their respective interface A-8 STROBE DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA ACKNLG BUSY PE SLCT AUTO DIrectIon IN IN IN IN IN IN IN IN IN OUT OUT OUT OUT IN STROBE to than microseconds the These information of to to of respectively. Each HIGH when and LOW when it About LOW that and that the ready to HIGH the The HIGH the following each character) HIGH the or to through .O this LOW, the (The to this to the
The heading Direction to the of flow as from the the twisted-pair return, to connected ground the to twisted-pair each and to the the interface based the ERROR OUT This becomes LOW when the GND NC OUT NC TTL Both the and of each than Not microseconds, this becomes LOW, the to its and the cleared This normally HIGH: its than microseconds the of as Not to through .O A-9
The to of three Software The turned The from the interface LOW). The following then The The input cleared. The character cleared. The cleared. The Software the the command. The following then The cleared. The (The the the LOAD/EJECT button. The The input cleared. The cleared. The (The initialized. ESC ALT and A-11
The below shows the that when the initialized. Item Top-of-form sheets: and right Character Font Download character and clears the A-12 selection inches Cleared Every characters selected Software/control insertion cleared
Command Summary commands actions Software commands the to typeface, feed the amount each the and software these commands yourself. This allows to that normally through the software. offer anywhere The commands this summary. commands the software software only the while others type ASCII characters. commands software to the command. If software allows to commands to the the software should exactly what and required. the summary The following section and the commands topic. If listed. If they explained. The indicated lowercase The below the indicated. ESC ESC off. ESC ESC operation ASCII Hex. ESC with /O that command with with of to the and to it software. A-13
ASCII ESC ESC EM feeding ASCII Hex. CR FF LF ESC ESC ASCII Hex. ESC ESC ESC ESC A-14 Hex. C C Turn Unidirectional On/Off Loading/Ejecting R OD Select OA n/180-inch Spacing n/360-inch Spacing Format Top Unit of of of inches 6C Margin Right Margin Right /&inch Spacing /binch Spacing
motion Hex. ASCII ESC ESC ESC HT ESC VT Font selection ASCII ESC from the the command. Relative the the from top to Terminated to OB Vertically Advance 4A Hex. Select Typeface Sons inch this inch and inch LQ this command. should inch Sons A-15
Hex. ASCII ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC A-16 Select Font Pitch and ESC pitch to Select or or Sons or Select 4D Select Select Turn On/Off Select Select Select Font Font Select To the of of the and to from the below: pitch T, and Sons other typefaces) ESC with ESC LQ or LQ Font Font together the 1Ocpl Double-width H.) P,
Font ASCII Hex. SI DC2 o ESC DC4 ESC ESC ESC ESCSO ESC ESC Spacing ASCII Hex. ESC OF SP Select Select Double-Width Turn Double-Width On/Off Double-Width Turn Double-Height On/Off Select Select Select Select OE 2D ESC(-301 selected 2D Turn On/Off Select Character Normal Intercharacter of of to the Units ore inch (LQ and Strikethrough with characters inch and
Hex. ASCII ESC Character ASCII Hex. A-18 Unit ESC(U On positioning or Motion Select Assign Character Table Assign Character Table with to Character Table PC437 (USA) PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC country. Select Character Select character ESC(t OS Pitch n/360-inch (East PC869 PC861 MJK IS0 IS0 1T assigned or inch (HMI) and
ASCII Hex. ESC ESC:OnO ESC ESC characters from character assigned to command) Select International Character USA UK Character ESC&Onl First character character of character Right of character each character; character Copy ROM to RAM 3A Typeface Normal of This the of characters those locations). 5E as Characters Amount of The following to with the ESC Norway II America of character or ESC ESC of as characters
ASCII Hex. ESC A-20 2A Select of
Graphics ASCII Hex. ESC Character These character selected with the or command. the character the as the PC437 completely. The of the only the characters through The of the with through FF. Select Graphics ESC(G On or49 Graphics with Graphics 2E graphics of Irn124 of The following allowed: 7F, the PC437 and shown the country. DPI DPI A-21 ESC
PC437 COOEO12345679QABCDEF MJL CR PC850 COCE 99ABCDEF A-22 @P DC2 LF C LA
PC860 PC863 CZE C PC865 COOE C 89ABCDEF 69ABCDEF PC86 6QABCDEF C ::I C CODE 89ABCDEF C fi -I:. C A-23
BRASCII C PC437 69ABCDEF C A-24 JL -L CUIE PC852 'R 89ABCDEF DC4A tE CJ LF I3 VT ESC C FF CR f,PP SU SI OEI
PC869 C MJK C A-26 6QABCDEF I .A. MAZO IS0 CCOE WIA 69ABCDEF ornan 'AT6r "HIR1o 'I fi
IS0 BXJE C IT* C A-27
4F Characters with the To the characters the below, first the E!X A-28 8QABCDEF UQP'P HTEM) FF >L OR SI command. characters the ESC
International character You of the following international character with the or the the characters the the below the character The following The following only with the command. international character selected with the or with the USA UK ASCII country Norway II II America ESC command. when ESC command. SE 7C 7D A-29 ESC 7E
The following apply specifically to If that topic information. ASCII American Information assigning to and feed this selected the each (CR) bidirectional which the head both This increases the of or The of the memory to of information consisting of characters inch of the of text characters, to as pitch. character of numbers, and that with the characters which the of each character approximately of characters. or spreadsheets the or which the of information (LF) of the
to functions such as characters inch. or that when the or initialized. of which each or of double-height which each character as as which each character double-width which each character as as which each character slightly to the right of the first. This of commands software of from It and software computers. ESC/P The of the Commands this features, such as and graphics or feed. ESC/P turned hYice with the
of type family troubleshooting that advanced the of the and the the each and ASCII characters. the to its of of which each or intertcrce The the and the interface character or which the characters This that the The to which the loaded. LQ One of LQ readability and appearance reduced interface interface. The of which the It than the physical of the to
which the of the character from character to character. than lowercase RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the To to its command, or ROM Memory. of memory that only and ROM its when off the the of the the the the characters its ROM. sottwafe software that such as or which each character about two-thirds the height the of the character which the head only. Unidirectional graphics allows than bidirectional Characters that and the the characters. The than typewritten turning the off and then back churactefs turned off. INIT