G01-04
cover DATA PAPER OUT PAUSE AC fPS\ ?=--I ontrol
EPSON 48-NOZZLE INK JET PRINTER rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the US) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and Corporation. Helvetica and of Linotype Copyright ESC/P and Corporation AG and/or its ESC/P of
United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. Cl the outlet from that to which the connected. Cl the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class as the interference regulations of the of FCC of the FCC These to edict@ turning the off and the WARNING from
Instructions of these instructions Follow and instructions the the from the outlet and cloth cleaning, or cleaners. near or the or other that allow the to or the These the to operation and protection from overheating. the or other the Also, the built-in the or or heat the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with third (grounding) which fits grounding-type This If to the the the of the grounding-type where the If cord, that the of the the products the the cords Also, that the of products the outlet of they or that of fire or shock. as specifically the to the yourself. This to or other servicing those to service
LI the from the and repaired service the following the or or If If to or If normally when the operating instructions followed. only those that covered the operating instructions of other and often technician to the to operation. If or the If performance, indicating service. Where United States Can America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the Assistance locating Authorized or Service Technical with the and operation of products Information ESC/P software of the ESC/P reference which information ESC/P commands technical information service Product with technical and products of ribbons, and Customer Relations Information about user
There things should know about sheets as to that the first of correctly then too the or that the from the These easy to of the as below to the right normally what choose the Chapter the right to choose. include option to the If and 8.5x11-inch the to A4, Tofind and fhe first This If the top or increasing the or both, the You the whether or choose sheets. fhe right to to 8.5x11-inch the inches and then of A4). that the inches
high-speed offers the following features: High inch text and graphics. the built-in to to sheets automatically. You or manually without the supply. You to characters (LQ) Compact, to the office or its footprint ESC/P and graphics Supports the written other to TM. This ESC/P@ commands Introduction
to This what this CI to and the It to the and to and follow these instructions. Cl Chapter information that to It to manually and from the LI Chapter and troubleshooting information. If the properly or this chapter. LI The includes the specifications, commands, and character CI of and the Warnings, and Notes Notes information and the operation of Introduction to injury. to to
Chapter About Choosing the right Unpacking the the Choosing the the the Cartridge Testing the Loading the the Connecting the to Software the
About If to they from or noticeable of this high and cost-effective, the right laser-sharp usually associated with the to and than the toner the head, or from the and then them the the of characters or graphics. the head the as than such as with other of to through the following of to and efficiently: CI of the If off with and If them immediately with the of the reach of Cl the or to them. Once the the or the to with The become otherwise. CI the immediately from its Leaving the
Choosing the right One of the to with selecting the right With that too the slightly, causing characters to with that enough, the too to and smear easily. The and thickness of the that rough or coated finish. Also, that too thick or too thin. the specifications the information. without to or the immediately from its Leaving the its rated to the the the from to about hour the to the off the while or the head capped. (The head when the right The head the seconds. You the head the PAUSE hand the or the the the head capped, and the
To supply of from the and the the and the You should both of the to which the If the or smear, the should with the the the printed, the type of used, and the and humidity, or If the enough, as they Unpacking the should include these items: its cool, to the ofyour and
locations, the attached to the The of the AC country; the included the right location. You and protective with and the Follow the the Notice to these of the and the protective to the Attaching the You should the using the To the notches the mounting the
Choosing the selecting location follow these If to follow these Cl that least that the It should they with feeding; them to of the the If the or properly. the enough to the the interface to reach easily. easy and or the to and humidity. from sunlight, light or heat to and the where easily the cord. outlets switches or timers. Also, the as or other that fluctuations the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded
the that the switch turned off. It off when the of the switch the the back of the to the the matches that of Also, that the If the to the to the AC the back of the the properly grounded It to the the rated and outlet match, the cord. another
the Cartridge enough to about The of to the amount of text and graphics each The first to charge the with You to this only once. To the of the head off the Cl the to with tJ the cleaning only Dont the head hand. Cl the sealed the as follows: Cautiow The self-contained ordinary from the If them thoroughly with and them immediately with PAUSE and then off the (To Tour
the turned off. both the ALT and PAUSE while the Release the buttons the The head to the automatically.
the cover. the top of the to
the containing the and from the protective to the from the the the with the and the arrow the the arrow the
the the back of the to the Press the ALT to charge the It about The PAUSE light flashes throughout the and off when the charging finished. the cover. I-12 off or the the ink-charging
Testing the charge the the to the properly. You the with from the built-in or feeding manually. This section the Loading the the cover and the of or A4 then to the The to or built-
of the the with the face-down. the right of the with the right of the Then the to match the of as shown below. the cover and the to the ready to the about with the to the the of this chapter. the the turned off.
While holding the FONT the the the seconds,) It of from the and the The characters each the the appear the of typical !#$%&I()*+,-./0123456789:; #$%&I()*+,-./0123456789:; The the the or the PAUSE To the the PAUSE To the the PAUSE To the the PAUSE to and then the LOAD/EJECT to the Turn off the Connecting the to If the correctly, ready to to the You shielded twisted-pair to to the built-in interface. <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQR <=>'?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRS <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTU <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVW: .*<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVNX
Follow these both the and turned off. the securely the interface the together they both If ground wire, to the ground the interface the other of the the interface. If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the
specify the type of that the of the features. of these or that of To of features, including ESC/P choose of the first the below. If of these listed, software that includes of these. choose another as to the top of the as SQ-870/1170 LQ-870/1170 LQ-570/1070 LQ-100 If of these options, the first from the following: EX, the as to and with the and that the shows the with If the what Troubleshooting or or software Sof ESC/P FX, LX, RX, MX, and SQ-850/2550 LQ-850+ LQ-550/1010 LQ-500 LQ-2550 LQ-800/1000 LQ-1500 I-17 ESC/P LQ,
the Following the below the performance when with the the the and the from the and to If the of the and then the LOAD/EJECT to Press the LOAD/EJECT to of You switch to to or without the supply from the instructions, Loading Manually Chapter You the and with the the with Feed Chapter of the top and should the using the account. The from the and You or commands, necessary. the about commands. If the enough, sheets as they
Chapter Other Functions Loading Manually..................................................................... sheets the lights.. the with the the Selecting Character the the Other Functions
Loading Manually You sheets of or from the without the supply from the You the to sheets of from You the following from the Envelope Envelope Follow these to the Turn the Other Functions inches) to inches) to inches) inches) inches) and from inches) inches) inches)
of the the right of the with the arrow the The the from the to the the the the finishes the automatically. If the the the LOAD/EJECT button. You as sheets as from the to switch to the the LOAD/EJECT and the The then of from the Other Functions
You the to Turn the and the cover. Turn the paper-thickness clockwise as as the cover. Other Functions
the with the the top the first, and the The the to the from The the when finished the of the of the the fhe as they To switch back to the the paper-thickness counterclockwise as as Then the LOAD/EJECT to from the operating enough, Other Functions the
the The easy operations. It consists of lights and buttons. lights PAUSE On when FONT Indicate the These three lights and off when the FONT The the which selected. instructions selecting CONDENSED On when the selected. this selected, the of selected information. Other Functions
ECONOMY On when the selected. this selected, the character. The the both and LQ the This rough and INK OUT On when the of flashing the instructions the PAPER OUT On when the of flashing DATA On when the memory. PAUSE Press this to temporarily. Press to LOAD/EJECT Press the LOAD/EJECT to or of If from the this switches back to the FONT Press this to through the choices the The FONT lights the selection. ECONOMY/CONDENSED Press the ECONOMY/CONDENSED to or Press to selection off. The light or off to the select. Other Functions
ALT this seconds to the head to the when the The ALT the of the other buttons. the ALT and another to the as follows: PRINT HEAD CLEANING (ALT PAUSE) head cleaning Cleaning the Head RESET (ALT LOAD/EJECT) Clears the and the to their factory A-11 MICRO FEED: (ALT FONT) the with You the micro-feed to the or to the the single-sheet the the turn off the The to the factory when the turned Other Functions (ALT ECONOMY/CONDENSED) the with Feed, below
the The the of the when the from the or the If too high or the the with the micro-feed as follows: the turned of from the the LOAD/EJECT or from the feed the the cover. as the loaded, the ALT and the ECONOMY/CONDENSED to the inch, or the FONT to the inch. the buttons reach the The the head the of characters. (You to to the the cover. from the to Other Functions
o The and If to the these the and the the reaches the factory-set the the factory as reference when the the The the the where the head actually If to the the micro-feed as follows: Press the PAUSE to the PAUSE light the ALT and the ECONOMY/ Press the PAUSE to (You o The the backwards when reach this Other Functions CONDENSED or FONT to the the to to the inch) to the amount microfeed.
Selecting Character Fonts built-in character including the (The to the to HelveticaTM.) Press the FONT to from the the The three FONT lights to the active The below the and shows the FONT lights appear each selection. FONT lights O@O and only. Font selections with these selections. to (PS) (PS) ABCDEFGhi ABCDEFGhi off Other Functions and or off H.
Scalable Fonts The of the T, and selected from to or ESC/P command. the that with information selecting the of the of this of ESC/P commands. reduces the of characters to approximately of their allowing characters to This spreadsheets and other where to the amount of information You the the ECONOMY/ CONDENSED condensed.) You that and proportionally spaced. You If rather than with the often Other Functions should and characterfonts and or the through the
the with of internal that of such as and feed. these each the they The factory to the of users, to them. The below the features the of each To the Character On, Network interface On, text/graphics On, On, feed. If clever to them with the the character and U.S.A., Germany, Italy, PC437, PC850, PC865, PC853. PC437 PC866. PC852. the the North/South American only thesefeatwes, Other Functions U.K., PC860, PC863, PC857, PC851. PC855. BRASCII, or
Character Character the characters and The with the selected character this the lights the or off to the selection. The ordinarily text bidirectionally and graphics characters unidirectionally to the switches bidirectional text and motion graphics this to off, the head motion software. Network interface If connected to this off. If to the and computers, this to this to the though the continuously the light off turning off the text/graphics This software that text combined with graphics. the text/graphics to off Other Functions
feed the feed each (CR) feed (LF) If text unexpectedly double-spaced, this to off. If text top of each other, to the To the the buttons; the lights Follow the below to the turned off and the the ECONOMY/CONDENSED and the to the the the seconds.) Press the FONT the FONT lights the of choice; then the ALT to selection. The of and summary and instructions. It instructs to the that (English, or Spanish). FONT light English French Spanish Other Functions
the ALT the the and the instruction the selected. finished, then to the To to the to the ALT the DATA, PAPER OUT, and INK OUT lights the selection. Next, the FONT to the Other Functions Character Network interface text/graphics feed o to the character the OUT lights off and the INK OUT light from (O), off (O), and indicated the following DATA PAPER OUT INK OUT light light light ALT the DATA and PAPER the FONT lights to selection, as
Network text/graphics off the only the North/South American Other Functions
and to of To the turn the off. LI You the turning Other the them to the the and the them, the ofi to without off
Chapter and Troubleshooting the Cartridge Cleaning the Head Cleaning the the Troubleshooting supply............................................................................... and Troubleshooting
the Cartridge the INK OUT light the flashes, the the The the completely empty. it of the and the INK OUT light Its to hand. SO20025 to and the of the head. Other of the head or Follow these to the the and both the INK OUT and PAUSE lights Then the cover. the ALT seconds and release the when the head to the the to release the (The the easy to and Troubleshooting
Cleaning the Head the of the and of properly. the or to them thoroughly with and If them immediately with Turn to and follow the there to the the the recharge the the head as the This to seconds to If the built-in print-head cleaning to that the properly. To wasting clean the head only Follow these the turned and the PAUSE light the PAUSE light the PAUSE to the the ALT and the PAUSE seconds. The cleaning about seconds. The PAUSE light flashes throughout the and then when the cleaning finished. Press the PAUSE to and Troubleshooting
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly the turned off. from the to and If the or the of the with cloth with the closed to from the If the of the with off with cloth. Transporting the If to using the and as follows: the cover and that the head the right If the head capped, the to Then, off the and Troubleshooting or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with CI the or service
Troubleshooting while operating this section and follow the recommended If or service The or lights off. that the properly the that the of the switch with the (I) to the If the switch or the when the from the then the interface from the the from the the protective to the Repack the and and them the the the If the the head. Cleaning the Head. and Troubleshooting
another the outlet to whether The lights then off and off. that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to lights the nothing and the occurred. Turn off the seconds The INK OUT light flashes. The of ready to the The INK OUT light and the three the The empty, or the with and the PAUSE light temporarily suspended. Press the PAUSE to and Troubleshooting
The PAUSE light off nothing The interface securely. both of the the and the interface both the and specifications. that software properly Printed as expected. If the correctly, the If the properly, the right, and the the the or the interface If the or service the within software the to the and To the the LOAD/EJECT and FONT buttons and the the buttons the seconds.) Then from the The the from the You this information to The sounds nothing The head clogged. the ALT and the PAUSE seconds to the head. Cleaning the Head this chapter. and Troubleshooting
characters or graphics. The head clogged. the ALT and the PAUSE seconds to the head. Cleaning the Head earlier this chapter. the text/graphics to the the Chapter the Network interface to the the Chapter The light or The head clogged. the ALT and the PAUSE seconds to the head. Cleaning the Head earlier this chapter. The paper-thickness correctly. The the paper-thickness Loading Manually Chapter or to the or You selected the To this the ECONOMY/CONDENSED the ECONOMY light off. The You the type of Although of with should the to Chapter choosing the right and Troubleshooting
The or characters with software The selected the The characters printed. too high or too the the text the You the of the both to which the or or that the correctly software the the software. The character selected. the character as the the top or the to to the the with Feed Chapter to the that the line-feed to each the Chapter and Troubleshooting
The text each text feed to off the that line-feed the Chapter incorrect. the with software. Printed as expected. The match the of the the the within software to match to the The the PAPER OUT light and the three the the or from the feed feed properly from the Too sheets the the from the and to sheets. The too thick or too thin to that the using the specifications. feeding. Technical Specifications the The than The too thin. that the using the specifications. feeding. Technical Specifications the Appendix. and Troubleshooting
The wrinkled. The too thin or that the the specifications. Technical Specifications the or The the LOAD/EJECT to the The too to from the that within the specified Technical Specifications the crookedly from the feed the LOAD/EJECT to the Then straight the The the To clear follow the below. the cover and the cover. the from the of the as shown below. and Troubleshooting
the gently. If the tears, If or to this of corrective and Troubleshooting If the caught the of the the back the of the and the cover and the cover. Preventing feed and higher-quality that too thin or rough. of Chapter tl the of and then to that too the You to Cl Try turning the of the of the to with arrow the of the the
Technical Specifications A-2 specifications A-2 Interface A-7 A-11 Command Summary A-13 commands A-13 the summary................................................. A-13 A-13 feeding.............................................................................. A-14 A-14 motion................................................................. A-15 Font selection A-15 A-17 Spacing A-17 Character A-18 A-20 Graphics A-21 Character A-21 A-1
Technical Specifications specifications Printable and A-2 Character pitch condensed) condensed) characters inch characters graphics Bidirectional with text and graphics. (The the inch, inch, or milliseconds KB when text/graphics option to ON KB when text/graphics option to OFF
Select other combinations ESC/P commands. the this chapter of commands. Scalable Character North/South Other countries: Character Thickness Font Sons Quality One and graphic character One and graphics character One and graphics character international character and character to to to to to to and inches) .O to inches) to inches) A-3
A-4 insertion): Thickness Quality and only. reduce as as and other switch to higher of insertion): inches) Thickness first; the feed only. Quality Printable and insertion) A-5 the of A, to to to to to to and thickness within than to inches) to inches) to inches) to inches) to inches) to B, and C.)
The top The and right C The Mechanical Friction Paper-feed MTBF: (S020025): Color: capacity: Cartridge life: C inches). inches). inches). Black Approximately characters years from (The often the head cleaning function.) to 40C to month hours C (26.6F) thaws hours hours to 104F) C to F) 4OC (104F) 60C (140-F) 25C (77F) A-5
A-6 head life: and Height Rated Rated Rated Rated Rated Rated the the of the the of Operation: AC AC to to to AC to AC to to to inches) inches) inches) LQ LQ 10to35C(50to950F) to 6OC to 140F)
Interface Specifications and assignments Humidity (without Operation: 10C (50F) US R.F.I.: US FCC with The built-in interface the following characteristics: Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and Connector: 27C 35C (80F) (95F) UL1950 with EN (TUV) IEC (SEMKO, (VDE EN (CISPR interface. ACKNLG TTL or to RH to RH assured D3, CSA22.2 DEMKO, NEMKO, Amphenol A-7 SETI)
The below the assignments and their respective interface Direction STROBE to STROBE IN than information of to DATA2 IN A-8 These DATA IN DATA3 IN to of respectively. DATA4 IN Each HIGH DATA5 IN DATA6 IN when and LOW when DATA7 IN DATA8 IN ACKNLG OUT About LOW that and that the ready to BUSY OUT HIGH the The HIGH the following HIGH the PE OUT or SLCT OUT to this LOW, the AUTO IN FEED XT (The to this to the the each character) .O through
The heading Direction to the of flow as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the CT interface based the ERROR OUT This becomes LOW when the GND NC NC Not TTL Both the and of each than OUT microseconds. cleared. This normally HIGH; its than the of as Not to through .O A-9
the to this of the Interface The below shows the the interface. BUSY ACKNLG DATA STROBE A-10 ACKNLG or when the BUSY LOW. ACKNLG or BUSY outonly
The to of three The turned Software the Software the The from the interface LOW). The following then The initialized. The input cleared. The character cleared. The cleared. The the command. The following then The cleared. The (The the LOAD/EJECT The following The input cleared. The cleared. The (The INIT ESC ALT and A-11
The below shows the that when the initialized. Item Top-of-form and right Character Font selection effects Download character and clears the A-12 sheets: inches insertion Cleared Every characters selected cleared Software/control
Command Summary commands the summary actions software. Software commands the to typeface, feed the amount each the and software these commands yourself. This allows to that normally through the software. offer command anywhere The commands this summary. commands the software software the while others type ASCII characters. commands software to the command. If software allows to commands to the the software should exactly what and required. The following section and the commands topic. If command listed. If they explained. The indicated lowercase usually The below the indicated. ESC with ESC that to the and to off. ESC command with ESC with of ASCII Hex. ESC A-13
ASCII ESC ESC EM feeding Hex. ASCII CR FF LF ESC ESC ESC ESC Hex. ASCII ESC C ESC C A-14 Hex. Turn Unidirectional On/Off Loading/Ejecting R OD OA Select Spacing Select /binch Spacing 80-inch Spacing n/360-inch Spacing Format Top Unit ESC (C of of of inches Margin 6C Right Margin Right
motion Hex. ASCII ESC ESC ESC HT ESC VT Font selection ASCII from the the command. 5C the the inch from top Relative to Terminated to OB Vertically 4A 6B Select Typeface inch this inch and LQ this command. should inch A-15
ASCII Hex. ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC A-16 Select Font Pitch and pitch to pitch Select or or other typefaces) or Select Select 4D Select Turn On/Off Select LQ or LQ selecting the the as Select Font Font Select Font Font Select To the of together the of the and to from the below: 1Ocpi T, and ESC with ESC P, Double-width H.) LQ
ASCII Hex. SI DC2 o ESC DC4 ESC ESC ESC ESCSO ESC ESC ESC ESC Spacing ASCII Hex. ESC OF SP Select Select Double-Width DE Turn Double-Width On/Off Double-Width Turn Double-Height On/Off Select Select Select Select 2D ESC(-30 selected 2D Turn On/Off Select Character Normal Intercharacter of of to the characters Units inch (LQ and Strikethrough with inch and A-17
ASCII ESC ESC Character ASCII Hex. A-18 Hex. Unit ESC(U On positioning as or Motion Select Pitch Assign Character Assign Character Table with to Character PC437 (USA) PC PC C PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC only North/South American Select Character Select character ESC(t or inch (HMI) n/360-inch (East assigned and
ASCII Hex. ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC characters from character assigned to with the command) Select International Character USA UK Character ESC&Onl First character character of character of character Right of character each character; character 3A Copy ROM to RAM Typeface command Select Normal of This the of characters those locations). 5E as Characters Amount of The following of as characters to ESC Norway America or ESC ESC A-19 II
ASCII Hex. ESC A-20 2A Select ESC of
Graphics ASCII Hex. ESC ESC Character These character selected with the or command. the character the as the PC437 through 7F, only the PC437 and shown completely. The of the the characters through FF. The with only; those with the the Select Graphics or49 Graphics with 2E Graphics graphics of of The following allowed: the North/South American DPI DPI A-21 ESC
PC437 (USA, PC850 COOE C A-22 MJL LF XL\11 PC860 CODE C 69ABCDEF LA
PC863 (Canadian-French) CODE C PC853 C 69ABCDEF CEI 69ABCDEF CB4. PC865 CODE C PC857 CCOE C 89ABCDEF A-23
PC85 PC437 1AP C PC855 C A-24 BSABCDEF LJI bJbAc*Jlpbl PC866 CODE C 89ABCDEF L* I.3
PC852 (East C C CR SP iI WA LF VTESCI FF BRASCII C E, A-25
A-26 69ABCDEF SP A3CSCS LF VT E6C FF CL CR SI /70-o characters the
International character You of the following international character with the or the ESC command. when the characters the the below the character The following international character selected with the or with the ESC command. The following with the command. Country ASCII USA UK Country ASCII Norway II II America 5B SD !iC 5D #Ul?IE0AU6~0Ati 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E ESC SE 7B 7C 7D 7E A-27
Characters with the ESC To the characters the below, first the ESC A-28 command.
The following apply specifically to If that topic information. ASCII American Information assigning to and feed this selected the each (CR) (LF) bidirectional which the head both This increases the of or The of the memory to of information consisting of characters inch of the of text characters, to as pitch. character of numbers, and that with the characters which the of each character of the of characters. or spreadsheets the or which the of information
to such as or feed. characters inch. or that when the turned or initialized. of which each or of double-height which each character as as which each character double-width which each character as as which each character with the slightly to the right of the first. ESC/P This of commands software of from It and software computers. ESC/P The of the ESC/P Commands this features, such as and graphics
of type family troubleshooting that advanced users the of the and the the each and ASCII characters. the to its of of which each or interface The the and the interface character or which the characters This that the The to which the loaded. LQ One of LQ readability and appearance reduced interface interface. The of which the It than the physical of the to
which the of the character from character to character. than lowercase The than typewritten Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. To to its command, INIT or turning the off and then back Memory. of memory that and ROM its when turn off the the operation of the the the the characters its ROM. software software that such as or which each character about two-thirds the height the of the character which the head only. Unidirectional graphics allows than bidirectional characters Characters that and the the characters. o