November AM Printed with least
November AM thickness head cleaning head cleaning
November AM rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EPSON EPSON ESC/P, and EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EPSON SoundAdvice service and EPSON FaxAdvice, and of Inc. Notice Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Copyright Inc. CPD-7449
November AM This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes FCC United States WARNING
November AM
November AM EPSON COLOR to the EPSON COLOR the Therefore, this to the EPSON COLOR software. EPSON COLOR the shared business graphics, photography, or created With to photographic and graphics or the of EPSON The software Microsoft and advanced with of brightness, and ColorSync and ICM that match the offers with of operating and operating With integrated Ethernet connectivity, and easy. To and its software with PC, should IBM PC with least or or NT or DOS, Microsoft or NT At least 16MB of RAM (20MB recommended) Introduction
November AM Introduction At least 50MB of free (100MB or recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or recommended) the software Network to Ethernet twisted-pair to the Ethernet to To and its software with should or the and early of the such as the II or or or recommended) At least 16MB of RAM (20MB or recommended) At least 50MB of (100MB or recommended) 13-inch RGB or CD-ROM or recommended) the software Network to Ethernet twisted-pair to the Ethernet to
November AM To the to software, and the the the and Ethernet information. This the following information: covers the basics of with or Chapter selecting the right or other and instructions Chapter to with and distinctive layouts. Chapter to and while instructions cleaning and the heads, and cleaning and the Chapter to Chapter the EPSON with technical and and included the of the Introduction
November AM Introduction Notes, and this information throughout to to to Notes information about hints
November AM services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. to EPSON of CompuServe type GO EPSON the CompuServe to reach the America free introductory CompuServe membership, and Automated services Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice SM pre-recorded to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON FaxAdvice Access technical information You to this service. EPSON Service the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer Where To EPSON technical through services and services hours The following the information: Introduction
November AM Introduction If using another software with EPSON the that technical information. To to technical (U.S.) AM to PM through and AM to PM or AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product of the You purchase and from EPSON (U.S. only). please www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused Ready EPSON COLOR Ready the other of ready the
November AM the off the If switch it off or the the light off. Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively: Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or near or heating or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the where the easily fiche the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the as specifically this to service the yourself. Introduction
November AM Introduction the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. the or the of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of the or to them. This to the head. Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of them. this this the the off using the light flashes then the or off the to the the the the head the right and the light off.
November AM instructions NetWare PCONSOLE, OS/2, and UNIX the DOS information. Its easy to and black-and-white with EPSON COLOR First the software, and the the following the instructions the Then this chapter to about: from from What to when the lights from To from choose from the You then choose which to the of and other options from the software, such as the type and the to The following sections to the following: Select software and from the software while
November AM You options clicking the then clicking the or button. then to the option from the to using information about the and NT, right-click item the and then Whats This? from Applications This section the to Chapter information about advanced or other software and to Choose from the You the EPSON COLOR selected, and then the or (You to of buttons boxes.) You the Click to Click to type Click the and the option to This the to of of the Quality/Speed to Click information
November AM To the highest or of the Quality the EPSON The Quality/Speed types. Chapter instructions and If to the and the Chapter information Chapter instructions the other the Choose the to from the following Quality Quality The type of or other choose the If which to the Choose or Black the to Quality or This choose the or highest the To the highest the More (Click Advanced then More Click the and choose of and Click the and the and options to theyre Click OK when finished the OK or You to of these boxes.
November AM (such as or to the instructions. You the NT software only the such as or While appears showing the and the of Checking information. through software the apply to the To the applications, the through the or NT or the If to and them to the and Click to and Right-click the EPSON COLOR Select You the software as shown NT Click to and Double-click the EPSON COLOR the and You the software as shown
November AM This information appears Double-click the the group. Double-click the Select EPSON COLOR from the of and You the software as shown Checking While software reports the the section operating below. and or the appears The shows the of and the of You the buttons to or If information about and the information about Click to Click to Click to Click to the
November AM You the software and whether to the or instructions. NT If information about and the information. NT and workstations include service to to or when finished. If or from the or and other options. NT the EPSON appears Click to or Click to This shows the of and the of If of while the You the to or Click to
November AM On the Macintosh, with cant them from to another. to each If to templates You software that each from with Macintosh, to the software each choose or from the the software that choose the that as the type and the to This section the to information about advanced Follow these to from Macintosh: or other software and to Choose from the You the Choose and other options as and OK
November AM Click to the highest to or of the Quality the EPSON from the You the Click to type Choose the of and which to the option to This the to of of Choose the to from the following Quality Quality The type of or other choose the or If which to the Choose or Black the Quality/Speed to
November AM The Quality/Speed types. instructions You to the and the information. Chapter instructions the other the the to Quality or This choose the or the highest the To the highest the More instructions. Click the and the and options to theyre Then OK to to the Click when finished If chose background when while
November AM or lights information. What To the Lights cleaning cleaning The four lights the and to the light flashes the Turn off the and Then the information. the light or incorrectly loaded. the and then the light flashes supply light to the Chapter instructions. the light flashes the or operation. light light light light
November AM when the If to the wasted. with the EPSON and their EPSON S041060 A4 S041059 EPSON Iron-on Cool S041153/S041155 EPSON Coated S041060 EPSON COLOR about of to You of and with specially coated the cards, and photo of EPSON from to iron-on and to about choosing the and software. The below the EPSON and the each software.
November AM EPSON and their EPSON High Quality S041111 Quality A4 S041117 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Coated S041062 EPSON Quality (A6) S041054 Cards S041122 EPSON Cards (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 EPSON Quality S041124 A4 S041126 EPSON A4 EPSON Quality A4 (A6) EPSON High Quality S041072 EPSON (CD-ROM and EPSON EPSON S041064 A4 S041063 EPSON Iron-On SE41001/SE41002 (A6) (A6) To EPSON and other or EPSON (U.S. only) www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only) S041062 S041061 S041067 S041134 S041141 S041140 S041145 S041072 S041071 S041107 Quality S041144-KIT S041144
November AM the facing that to the right of the follow instructions the sheets the and the Dont the cleaning that included with they the The type of or other of the factors the of The following the type of or other Forms, and the top first. the and both EPSON High Quality, and Quality You to the arrow the If than to the arrow output
November AM within of purchase. and within months. and to their as as information. EPSON Quality and or sheet with the or beneath the (Dont sheet with Quality You to of to of or to With sheets loaded, the top inches If to top and each from the immediately printed. each If included protective sheets, cover the of with these sheets To the and it the the back of the
November AM the first and the the the software. You to as shown below: If smears when or other thick the thickness to the the cover and the as shown below. the to the other the thickness to smears when thick
November AM To their them or other airtight covering and them from heat, humidity, and sunlight. to as from the the EPSON You EPSON to photographs that as as the from processing. 6-inch perforated around the and the it to the of the paperon You to sheets of 6-inch, or or of beneath the included the the following when EPSON the with the whiter facing If the as shown Then the and its top while the to the If 6-inch the perforated as shown:
November AM You 6-inch EPSON the of the as the and Then the of the using as the 6-inch software, to inches. other of the specifications. Choose these software of Choose as the 6-inch EPSON as the and as the the back and forth the perforations and tear the off. or or A4 as choose as the EPSON Quality Cards You to the included the cards. ready to software to the option the the thickness to the as shown
November AM includes Then the text correctly when You the option software. information. EPSON Quality these to or You to their them. EPSON Iron-On You or this and then to T-shirts or other cloth items. of follow the instructions that with the to the the or other to as the the
November AM graphics, photographs, or other the EPSON COLOR software. You choose or options brightness, and (ICM) and or ColorSync the Macintosh. If using NT, or Macintosh, softwares options of and This chapter includes the following information: advanced and ColorSync the Selecting and options Selecting and options Custom
November AM Custom Click Advanced, then to of Advanced easy to types. Follow these to with or Access the choose from (You to choose the or instructions, or You of the following boxes: Choose or Black Click Advanced and then Custom You the of types. Click Advanced, then to of
November AM choose from the Custom Selecting PhotoEnhance or PhotoEnhance2, ICM, or ColorSync the option to Color. with PhotoEnhance or PhotoEnhance2 and PhotoEnhance, and PhotoEnhance2 effects. PhotoEnhance and PhotoEnhance2 and their The consistently increases the You to to choose the Choose the right following these photographs. Increases the Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and and the and highlights. PhotoEnhance2 or PhotoEnhance TM only) or and the and brightness. Corrects and of the rough of text only, ICM only) Automatically to match the Not when or ColorSync only) Automatically to match the Not when or information, Choose the to (If which to select, the the and to or as and On or the and the as and Custom
November AM Custom them as group. Then them whenever instructions. Click to Quality of these options or other choose finished, or OK If other that Quality and Effects If the or to with effects, software. Follow these or software. Access the choose from (You to choose the or instructions, or Click Advanced, and then More You the More
November AM Click to Quality of these options or other choose The Quality selected the If choose Quality that the the to both of these Choose of the following Quality options low-resolution rough Normal or high-resolution or Quality the highest-resolution or Quality Choose the and to following the and Custom
November AM Custom the selected based the Advanced preselected each type only when Black as the of the options the of the More selected or the Quality choose. If when the High to the heads. instructions. Choose of the following text only. photographic or each with the around Dithering, Coarse Dithering or other that of bright with and with and Choose of the following MicroWeave Prints graphic to (light MicroWeave Increases the MicroWeave function when with Quality or with or of the photo High fast, bidirectional Prints of with iron-on ironed-on correctly. graphics, and art with and increases memory Click OK ready to to the or the section to
November AM Click to Choose from or manually brightness, and CMY to PhotoEnhance2 (PhotoEnhance To the Matching (ICM; or ColorSync (Macintosh). Follow these to or software. Choose from (You to choose the or instructions, or Click Advanced, and then More You the More The appear the right of the as shown: to and Click to Custom
November AM Custom Choose of the following (You to of these options ICM or ColorSync as the information and correction accordingly. Photo-realistic photographs. graphics-intensive with charts and and the and highlights. the of the software stand-alone If to correction the to increase right) or the below. (If of the options to specify correction Brightness or Increases or the the bright or of or Increases or the amount of the three that to these to the
November AM choose PhotoEnhance, PhotoEnhance2, ICM, ColorSync, or the other options choose of these correction PhotoEnhance2 or PhotoEnhance only) and the and brightness. Corrects and of the ICM only) Automatically to match the ColorSync only) Automatically to match the the section information. Click OK to to the ColorSync the Every or and Thats why to to match the or other The ColorSync their match as closely as ColorSync information from each including EPSON COLOR printerto First to Then software to the of matching to Custom
November AM Custom Follow these to ColorSync and softwares ColorSync features: the ColorSync Profile the Apple Click the Profile Select from the and then Select the ColorSync Profile Access the More as Click ColorSync. Profile choose EPSON This the ColorSync created Dont choose other Choose of the following options photographs. graphics-intensive with charts and matching as exactly as the distinguishes them. Click OK to to the
November AM graphic reflects to and Printable with Selecting and to inches and to inches or orientation. or of the and You the to to the of the with Selecting Follow these to options the or software. Choose from (You to choose Macintosh.) the or instructions, or [Macintosh].) Click the You the Custom Click to graphics to and
November AM Custom If the to Normal and of the to the right that with to that fits information. Click the to the of the The with with These than and with the the A4 B5 A5 A6 Envelope Envelope DL Envelope C6 B4 B3 A3 A3/B A2 US C instructions.) If or the of to choose the (from to the Dont the of and the of
November AM The the of first, with as as inch and top as as inch This option with If of and the the checkbox. The graphics to If and the first the without to the The graphics to first. the of the the To oriented as shown of the following graphics, the options below To the of selected the option to To the Click the to or or OK to Custom
November AM Custom and NT, the and Height of inch (or inches. NT Creating You to (only and them to the using the option. This useful such as You from to inches, and height (length) from to inches. Follow these to with the option: Follow the to the software and the Click the and to the of the or Click the option. You of the following boxes: or NT to characters) the field. Then and Height the To instead of inches, the option. finished, The appears the the and OK when
November AM You the the field and the the Height field. Then OK You the The to the and selected as the the To or or NT Click the Then, the the the and or Height and/or Unit as necessary. Click OK when You the Click the Then, the and Height as Click OK when Selecting The and options software the The options and the the Follow the these sections selecting the options: Choosing and options Selecting options Custom
November AM Custom graphic reflects to and Printable Choosing and Follow these to the and or the and You the Click the to the of the A4 Envelope C6 B5 Envelope DL A5 A6 Index EPSON Envelope If the the instructions. Click to Click to options
November AM The the of first, with as as inch and top as as inch Select the of the the options. To oriented as shown of the following graphics, the options below Landscape To the of selected the Printable option to To the If to of or to the which printed, OK Then instructions. If finished selecting and OK to the Then from the to other and Custom
November AM Custom Creating You to and them to the This such as You from to inches, and height (length) from to inches. Follow these to Follow the to the Click the You the following Click the New and Height and and buttons appear the the and of the and Height If to from inches to the the New field, then OK The to the and selected as the the To the Then the of the and Click OK to to the
November AM information the other the Selecting Follow these to the and and Click the You the options If of and the the The graphics to If and the first the without to the The graphics to first. Click OK to the Custom
November AM Custom options when using NT, or Selecting softwares options reduce or to You options to of and or and NT instructions, the section. instructions, Choosing Follow the these sections to options the and to the of from its softwares to reduce or You the to the selected You choose to reduce or to selected Follow these to Follow the to the software and the Click the and the of the to
November AM inches, This too to to to reducing the If inches, to the to to the If the selected within the that to or reduce the to manually. to If the selected than the that the following the the of the the and OK This and the reduction the fits the the select. Custom
November AM Custom The selected reduction and appear the graphic. If to the or to If to to reduction Click the You the options and
November AM If previously selected that than the and then choose Normal, the software the to inches. You cant option using option to or Select of the following options: Select Normal to the to to to reduce or the to the the The option beneath the to option becomes active; the of the Select Custom to reduce or the to If finished selecting OK If to options, the and and Only) If of the each of options the software. You choose the the the and to each Custom Select to then the of the
November AM Custom You with the of selected and/or or Landscape. To first the as that instructions. Follow these to the options: To of of the or If the of the shown the graphic printed, to To the the Then the to from the that appears. If to each with the checkbox. If finished selecting options, OK If to options, the section. You to each to its or the should to of the to distributed to other of letterhead. Click the to
November AM selections the graphic shown If selected option (as appear each the Follow the the section below to or To the the The To the or appears, the You the following To the arrow the and choose of the following Priority Not Copy Copy Top Then to Click to Click to created Specify to appear these options Custom
November AM Custom You to and to 15MB With NT, the To to the the Then the and Click OK to the If displays the shown the graphic. If choose the the printed. To created as the You the following Click the You the Select to the containing the to the and OK the to characters the field. Click the to to the then OK The appears as the selected the and shown the graphic. the the to appear choosing the following options. The graphic to the choose. selects where the to appear Top-Right or Bottom-Right the of the or as the choose Black or You its Click to Then type and
November AM the or of the (from to based where the If finished options, OK to the Choosing Follow the these sections to options the the to option and the to Option to the of from its softwares to option to it to the selected Follow these to the to option: or software. the and You the Click the and the of the to inches, the option. Custom
November AM Custom If to this the 6-inch EPSON the to option to reduce the to that If to this the inches), the to option to the to that Click OK to the the and Click the You the Select of the following to Select to the to Select On to reduce or the to the the to options
November AM You cant option the to option. The option beneath the to option becomes active. the of the the This the reduction or to the the the selected The selected and appear beneath the graphic. If finished selecting OK If to the and If and of the each of options the software. You choose the the the and to each Follow these to the To of of or the Select the the graphic the selected and Custom
November AM Custom You only with the of selected and/or or Landscape. To first the as PICT that PICT instructions. If the of the shown the graphic printed, to To the the arrow the Then the to If to each with the If finished selecting OK If to the section. You to each to its or the should to of the to distributed to other PICT of Click the arrow and
November AM If selected option (as appear each the You to from PICT to 1MB To to the the Then the and Click to the To of the the arrow the the Then choose of the following Priority Copy Copy Top Then to To created as PICT the You the following Click the You selecting to the containing the PICT to the and The of PICT appears the field and to the Click the to the The appears as the selected the and shown the graphic. Click the to PICT Custom
November AM Custom If displays the shown the graphic. If choose the the printed. the the to appear choosing the following options. The graphic to the choose. choose Black or You its the or of the (from to based where the To the and of the the the graphic. appear the corners of the graphic and the to hand. To the anywhere the graphic and of upper-right, lower-right, or lower-left. To the the of the boxes; the to hand. Click and the to reduce or the If finished options, OK to the Click and anywhere to the Click and of the to the
November AM If the or when selected, the selected the to Custom This To to Custom the as group. Then them the You to or of Follow these as this Click the the software You of the following: to characters) and the The choose the To the Advanced Then the Custom and the selected group. To or the Custom
November AM Custom Custom To the options the follow these Select Advanced Then the of the to the Custom the as necessary. (If the and the to Custom this Click Then the of the the Custom If You the Click OK to (Click to On the button. Then the to (Click to Custom Advanced Then Select the the Custom and (You of the types.)
November AM You both the and the of the software includes You them to to and network This chapter instructions the following: and NT If the network the information EPSON with and NT software offers to and EPSON and NT), which of as and which appears each You the or off and other options the button;
November AM To traffic, to the of that the The appears the when background to background and and which appears the the of the each as Additional NT which information about and There three to Click to the and EPSON Double-click the (when background the the right of Access the software from or the and the and the EPSON (This the only; the and Count title The of to appears appear
November AM You the appearance of items the using the options or options the If them the clicking the or Count title Background turned to the Background and the Preferences instructions. If than to them using the option the To memory and reduce traffic, to from the that to To this, the the and from the The of the the as follows: Ready to and/or and/or or or Other options the or and or background each as the Preferences You the to each the Preferences There to the Click the the to highlight and the Click the the to highlight and Preferences from the Right-click the the and Preferences from the
November AM Turn background or off the selected You the Preferences If or of the the when the selected when the appear only If the options, the appear whenever or The of the the the type of as Click the to highlight then to the information the of the which to to slowly) Select and when to the while when and/or when Click to the
November AM of what to appear If of this becomes active and the displays the right and the graphic the the of the There to the Double-click the the Click the the to highlight and the or from the Right-click the the and from the If currently the software, the then the EPSON instructions software, and You the clicking the the or the You the The and correction information. appear If troubleshooting appear
November AM The to the and Both allow to and information To the amount of the To information about network and other the Information the the to information the to There to the Click the the to highlight and the or from the Right-click the the and from the You the currently or appear These graphics the amount of
Wednesday, November AM the or or the as and the software to The options or of First the to or the to highlight or Background You background to to while other This or other occurred without If with traffic, background To or off background follow these of these Click to the and EPSON Double-click the the the right of (when background Click the of the to background (or the The highlighted. the and Background
November AM You the the You to them the Select from (to background the (to background right or Stop (to background the as You through the and without and This allows to of the following of of EPSON TCP/IP You this the software and to the Follow these to or Computer, the where EPSON located (ESM2 the and and Next If using or and TCP/IP to EPSON TCP/IP Select to with TCP/IP, and then Next If with NetWare, TCP/IP
November AM If routers NetWare they the and the the of To this and to to this Select the type of printer(s) to and Next EPSON TCP/IP LPR NetWare Select to EPSON network that Select Then Next If using NetWare, the of to and Next of hops: the and Next Select and to Selecting the and You the software and whether to the using the and To the software as below. Click to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR and from the You the
November AM Click the You the Click the You this If than You this
November AM Select the following High of of the as cache. whether or the when information the EPSON the of EPSON instead of the If the this option; locally. Click OK to the and to the Then OK to software. the and The temporary and the C:\TEMP or C:\WINDOWS\TEMP The software then the to the right To while the EPSON COLOR that appears the the of the
November AM NT information options. You the buttons The displays the of and them. To or the to highlight then of the the of the If of Follow these to and Click the EPSON COLOR the Click Click the and Additional NT NT and workstations include service to to or know when finished. If or from the or and the security, and
November AM You the or the the to the software includes the and The when to the It allows to the background while to and to to It that from the the the section The when to the It displays to about information the the The the to software temporary it the C:\TEMP or C:\WINDOWS\TEMP directory, and assigns to The software then the to the right To of the following: To while the EPSON the of You double-clicking the the EPSON group.
November AM You the The the of and them. You of the and the directory. Click the information. If of Follow these to and the as Click the and Then and the Directory If while or slow, directory. directory where to C:\SPLTEMP.
November AM the as EPSON COLOR selected, and then choose from the The appears. the directory to the created this Then OK Choose Directory from the the the directory to the created Then OK software includes and It includes If background when to the It while to Macintosh, that to printed, and The to that You to The to of and where
November AM The to while (however, background and You then the to and or them. To this to background and increase the memory as the section. the Chooser from the Apple and the SC 850(AT) Then the or Background On and the Chooser. To increase the memory EPSON from the Then choose Info from the and the Memory to or RAM.
November AM If and the the EPSON from the to release the and with While the EPSON the Application the right of the You the following currently Click to You track the with the and that currently or to and or To to the then the arrow the of the The Priority becomes active. Click the arrow and Normal or The or the of the You the to the of Follow these Choose or from the You
November AM Click the You the Click the EPSON information about these Chapter Click the EPSON The software the amount of the and the To the the To the OK Click to the
November AM when these appear when these appear these Click to and/or Selecting You the the to and temporary the Follow these Choose or from the You Click the You the Click the You the Select the options whether to and text or Warning choose whether warning and text or only. Click to the
November AM Temporary and Temporary High the that the temporary and high created when to the Click the Select to the from the shown. Click the to software to Click the the to software to finishing options, OK to to the
November AM other users that the when or from the To EPSON and them. Other products to covered EPSON warranty. Its easy to EPSON COLOR its follow the instructions this chapter and the these Cleaning the heads the heads Cleaning the Transporting the Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020108 S020089 or EPSON Accessories (U.S. only). please www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). and Transportation
November AM and Transportation To the the heads hand. cleaning If cleaning when its light off or flashing, the cleans the heads, as If to the lights the too follow the instructions light to with the off and then back choose Black as the software. the Empty Cartridge light flashing or which to replaced, then follow these You when the the turned and the and the cover. Then the and cleaning buttons to the the cover. or cleaning and three seconds. Press the light flashing. (The heads to their to within seconds.) The heads slightly and the or cleaning
November AM Dont the or to with Once cant Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the The from its (Although the shows the the the the the of the and of Follow the the section to the and Transportation
November AM and Transportation You the from the top of the or permanently Its the tear off completely the the clear from the of the the New Cartridge Once the ready to the Follow these the from its the yellow of the top as shown below. Dont off the white or to the clear the the its with the facing and the arrow to the back of the Press the
November AM turn off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than To the the heads hand. If to the other follow the Removing Empty Cartridge, and then through the New Cartridge. Press the The the heads and charging the the charging seconds the light flashes, and the sounds. Charging about three finished, The Outdated Cartridge If than months to You that as as they to. If cleaning and the heads, or both or Follow these to the light flashing or the turned and the and the cover. cleaning buttons and them seconds the head to the Press both the To the follow the instructions with cleaning and seconds. the to the follow the instructions with To the the and Transportation and the cover. and
November AM and Transportation off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Cleaning the Heads If unexpectedly light or or from the to clean the heads. This the they properly. Cleaning the heads them You the heads of the following With the Head Cleaning software (when From the the Head Cleaning Follow these to the from or the turned and the and the as Click the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to or both heads. Cleaning both heads about four which the and the light flashes. the light flashing, to to the and the cleaning lights off.
November AM off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the and or Confirmation Then Next instructions examining the If the If this or three the Chapter the Follow these to the heads: the turned and and that the and cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about which the and the the cover, then the light flashing, the other head necessary. the light flashing, to to the and the cleaning If using to finished cleaning and the If DOS or and containing and Then to Access the as Chapter Then the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the then Next. the section instructions examining the and Transportation lights off. light flashes. or
November AM and Transportation If the Head If the If this or three the Chapter the the It should something this, with the and yellow: and straight should with the If If as shown below, the heads instructions. the Heads If to the heads. You the heads of the following With the head the buttons
November AM thats least inches This from the and the EPSON the whenever the head the Head Follow these to the or the turned and loaded. Access the as Chapter Click the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to and the the Follow these to the heads: the turned off and loaded. Then the cover. cleaning and the Then release the buttons. the instruction sheet to the instructions. the Press the as instructed to The instructions the heads. Follow the instructions the sheet to the heads. finished, off the to the and Transportation and the
November AM and Transportation Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the Dont or the If the to to its Ethernet and that To the when the Cleaning the To its should following these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the sheet Clean the of the with cloth. the cover closed Clean the with cloth. Transporting the If to to its Follow these Turn the and the heads the right Then off the the from the Then the network from the the and from the the and the the and the using the protective that with the Notice that with the to the as If the the heads; the heads. the instructions this chapter.
November AM If the with the this chapter, the troubleshooting chapter to network-related or other The first thing should the following the this chapter. Then the the fixed. This chapter covers the following and software Fixing and other Uninstalling the software of to To the the lights the You the to instructions, or (Macintosh). Troubleshooting
November AM Troubleshooting To whether the caused the instructions. You the to instructions. the information, the and the ReadMe the or If of the this chapter to and then software, instructions. If of the this chapter EPSON as Where to the Introduction. Checking the Lights cleaning cleaning Follow these when the lights or flash: the light flashes the Turn off the and the Then the the light or incorrectly loaded. the and then the light light light light
November AM the light and light and the other lights information. the lights information. thats least inches This from the and light flashes light to the instructions. You to whether the from the or other If the satisfactory, the software the and or If the correctly, with the this chapter both the and turned off. the from the the or the the cleaning and the button. the the light to flash, then release them. The the first and of of then (shown and of and the To the off the Then the and and Troubleshooting
November AM Troubleshooting You the to to the to technical representative. Follow these the turned off and the cover. cleaning and the the The the top of and then or from as The the Turn off the to Quality If that or of the following: Clean the heads cleaning Follow the instructions Chapter higher Chapter of EPSON Match the the software to the type of the Then the software other the quality. Chapter Turn off High the More as and the
November AM Printed The match the The of the the and with the Chapter instructions. The head Clean the heads cleaning Chapter instructions. The Check the The MicroWeave or MicroWeave option turned or appears. The head Clean the heads cleaning Chapter clogged. instructions. The High Turn off the High turned Chapter information. The heads the Head instructions. turned off the software, as Chapter the as Chapter the of the lights first.) to the matches the instructions. and lights to which to Chapter Turn MicroWeave or MicroWeave the More Chapter information. and Troubleshooting
November AM Troubleshooting The incorrect or The option to the to Chapter instructions. Black The match the The of the the and with the instructions. The and options incorrectly type. The ICM or or ColorSync incorrect The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. The or or empty. The match the The software The or The head Clean the heads cleaning instructions. The match the the matches the Chapter instructions. the the following the instructions Chapter the or choose information. and lights to which to Chapter instructions. the and to cant exactly match the the ICM or or ColorSync (Macintosh) to as match as information. You to software. software information. the matches the instructions.
November AM The the and with the or dirty. Chapter instructions. The the The or smeared. The thickness the thickness to the and try the Chapter instructions. The or the the and with the Chapter instructions. You Follow the instructions and without the that sheets. try You to or other non-recommended The match the the Clean the to Chapter instructions. using the High and MicroWeave with head. The of If photographic or rough, using the too PhotoEnhance (PhotoEnhance to the quality. and lights to which to Chapter instructions. or the B. If the heads as Chapter the matches the Chapter instructions. Turn off High following the instructions Chapter the Head following the instructions Chapter Increase the using software, or the of the Troubleshooting
November AM Troubleshooting lights off. The these the turned Turn off the and the securely. the outlet switch or and light nothing the The interface Turn off and Then the connected securely. connected securely and the specifications. The internal Turn off the and the interface and as The or software incorrectly. enough memory to the If the first that: The turned and the the The outlet thats switch or The securely connected to the and the and securely connected. If cant the following If the and software installation. of the following: the of Select or or memory to light
November AM the Chapter instructions. NT, the The heads or the too light flashing or The If flashing, the and follow the as If or or the and as the incorrectly. and Chapter Then the or If flashing, the supply You to the indicated instructions. If the You the indicated to to empty. instructions. and lights flashing. The the Press the occurred. On using or the EPSON and then Clean the heads cleaning Chapter instructions. If cleaning the information and instructions, Chapter to off the light and light flashing or about seconds. Then Turn the off, seconds, and then and If the cleared, EPSON as the Introduction. Troubleshooting
November AM Troubleshooting the lights You the from the internal Turn off seconds, and If occurred. the lights or EPSON as the Introduction. light flashing. The finished charging the the The Press the to isnt following the instructions the the Notice the The to If the or the light flashing than the off. If the light flashing when turn it back EPSON as the Introduction. the following the instructions the Notice Sheet the Software If with software, first that selected as the or as the the Chooser; the instructions. If with software, the following
November AM The software with correctly to or software correctly or software, the or New operating Click and then OK occurred. other option the New You If or the caused temporary only). too to the enough memory the You memory (Macintosh). You to increase the memory EPSON or both. or the software as then the software, as the the directory only), following the instructions Chapter of the following: the of Select or or memory to Choose Info from the when the active or EPSON selected and increase the memory Chapter information. If that off background to Troubleshooting
November AM Troubleshooting or the appear. You restarted You both of that the the and the other that Uninstall (as and as the ScanDisk. off background instructions.) Then back when finished using The isnt the of to the information. too software the the following: options incorrectly. Quality to Turn MicroWeave off. Turn High Choose Black Choose and information. To free the following: enough Clear or Dont too the Turn off memory. Increase memory (RAM) CPU. using background Select EPSON and choose Info from the Macintosh. to increase the Memory EPSON Chapter information. If that off background to Click the and to Then
November AM appear the Chooser conflicts. Network of The SC 850AT used appears The software and the software as corrupted. Then, the GX, EPSON and SC 850AT, and Macintosh. GX the EPSON and SC 850AT and then Macintosh. Fixing To the following: smooth, high-quality that the C. Follow and instructions included with the the with the as the and Chapter If Troubleshooting
November AM Troubleshooting feed. this Then this the of that the from the or creased. Too or information.) Loaded the arrow the the (If the the this Then this the of the isnt too thin the from the B). the of the of to the sheets. the as the and Chapter If too of or the both the software and Chapter information. the this Then this Turn off the cover, and the thats including that torn off. light flashing, Then the as the and Chapter the to the the following the instructions the and If frequently, smooth, high-quality the and then the beneath the arrow the the to the of
November AM or wrinkled. If the the If when the or too thin. Characters incorrect or selected or as the selected Select the Chooser as the the Chooser. the the NT). On the or the EPSON and then instructions. The Turn off and Then the securely connected. connected securely and the Ethernet specifications. conflicting with the EPSON to the Then the software. Chapter instructions. Press the the specifications of thicknesses with, as as Printout If what expected, these Select or as the or instructions. to VGA or instructions). If correct, with the or updated Troubleshooting
November AM Troubleshooting The inverted as You Turn off the or option. software or the software. Chapter instructions. The or incorrect. The and/or the and the the options incorrectly. Chapter instructions. the and options software. The incorrect. Margins incorrectly software instructions selecting software. the the within the of the specifications. the software incorrect of (Macintosh). other and off enough memory. background You to increase the memory EPSON or both. the the to theyre information. Choose Info from the when the active and increase the memory Chapter information.
November AM The selected or as the selected Select the Chooser as the the Chooser. the software incorrect The head Clean the heads cleaning following the clogged. instructions Chapter NT cant the software with the NT to from Select as the or instructions. the the to theyre Chapter information. Uninstalling Software If of the this chapter to and then or follow the this section. To EPSON and NT Double-click the then the Double-click To and only), EPSON Software the To EPSON the Click the Follow the instructions the to software. To software, the Troubleshooting
November AM Troubleshooting Software Instructions Double-click the then the Double-click EPSON COLOR the and the To software, the Instructions the EPSON software CD-ROM Double-click the Then click Click the arrow the the top showing and from the Click the the of the Follow the instructions the to the software. To software, the
November AM EPSON offers of EPSON COLOR from to and other creative To purchase EPSON You purchase EPSON and from EPSON (U.S. only). please www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). to the this Cartridge type Black S020108 S020089 EPSON and other EPSON S041060 A4 S041059 EPSON High Quality S041111 A4 S041117 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Quality S041124 A4 S041126 EPSON A-1 S041062 S041061 S041067
November AM EPSON EPSON and other EPSON Quality A4 (A6) EPSON A4 EPSON (CD-ROM and EPSON EPSON Quality (A6) S041054 Cards S041122 EPSON S041064 A4 S041063 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 EPSON Iron-on Cool S041153/S041155 A-2 S041072 S041071 S041107 S041134 S041141 S041140 S041145 (A6) S041144-KIT (A6) S041144
November AM yellow) and Character pitch Printable (characters inch) condensed) condensed) CR (inches second) Technical Specifications (characters second) Normal B-1
November AM Technical Specifications 32KB Bidirectional with text and graphics ESC/P and expanded graphics IBM X24E 1/6-inch 1/8-inch or 1/360-inch milliseconds 1/3-inch Character and graphics character Character international character and character EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON and You other ESC/P commands. from to and four and The the with software You to the internal allow to B-2
November AM type Thickness sheets inches) A4 A5 B5 inches) inches) inches) and inches inches) A4 inches) sheets and cool A6 with distributed EPSON Notes: Since the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or or and these to 77F to 25C) Humidity: to RH and these to 86F to 30C) Humidity: to RH and distributed EPSON inches) A4 A6 only) and distributed EPSON EPSON A4 inches; cool only) and cool distributed EPSON Technical Specifications to inch to to to and to inch to to inch to inch B-3
November AM Technical Specifications B-L Envelope and B-R C The top inch of the top inches BL The inch BR The right inch and inches inch DL inch other C The inch B-L, B-R C A: The top inch BL, BR: The and right inch C: The inch B-4 B-L EPSON 6-inch perforations) B-R C
November AM the sheet first first. Cartridges Specification Black (S020108) (S020089) Color(s) Black and yellow capacity* (A4 text Normal (ISO/IEC Cartridge years from and to within months C F) to F to C) month F C) to C to F) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) 2.1(D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) (W) (D) (H) The the head cleaning function. Also, graphics and text with white The thaws and hours F C). To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. the the B-L B-R A: The top inch BL: The inch BR: The right inch C: The inch Technical Specifications EPSON C (A4 Normal each B-5
November AM Technical Specifications Mechanical Friction with sheets of capacity Width: inches Depth: inches inches without the to F to C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) Humidity to RH to RH (without UL with D3, CSA with D3 Width: inches Depth: inches inches when inches inches when Specification 120V 240V 103.5V to 132V 198V to 264V Rated to to Rated 0.4A 0.2A (ISO/IEC IT with Phase to Phase 220240V B-6
November AM EMC FCC CSA C108.8 DOS Black LQ-870/1170 LQ-570(+)/1070(+) SQ-870/1070 LQ-850 LQ-500 and EPSON PRO EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR II LQ-860 LQ-2550 If the EPSON COLOR from software of the other EPSON ESC/P Choose the first from the following You the following from the Font T, H, Pitch I/F Option I/F seconds, seconds Software ESC/P IBM X24E CR (IBM only) On AGM (IBM only) On Character PC437, PC850, PC860, PC861, PC863, PC865, BRASCII, ISO International character U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, feed On Technical Specifications B-7
November AM Technical Specifications Follow these to the the ESC/P Reference information about these ESC/P commands. Network I/F On Loading Others On the turned off and loaded. The summary of instructions and choosing the to instructions. the cleaning to of and instructions. Press the the the off to the The them operation: ESC ESC U, ESC EM feeding: CR, FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC motion: ESC ESC ESC V, ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, ESC J, VT Font selection: ESC ESC ESC X, ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: ESC ESC ESC Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC B-8 cleaning and the
November AM IBM X24E This the IBM with the following commands. information, X24E reference Character Graphics: ESC G, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Color: ESC ESC ESC operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC (AGM*), ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (AGM*), CR ESC C, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC J, ESC (AGM*) Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP, ESC Character ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC (AGM*) Graphics character the as the PC437 through 7F. Additional characters through FF. You the following character through the or software commands: PC PC850 PC860 PC861 (Icelandic) PC863 (Canadian-French) PC865 (Nordic) Technical Specifications B-9
November AM Technical Specifications International You of international character with the character or the ESC command. Other selected with the ESC command. You characters with the ESC command. BRASCII ISO characters B-10
November AM Network that of the TCP/IP TCP/IP character of numbers, and that with the characters characters inch of the of text characters, to as pitch. The of or twisted-pair The that appear MicroWeave The of the memory to CMYK yellow, and These to ColorSync software that to WYSIWIG (what what This software as them To the of or or that when the turned or initialized. G-1
November AM dithering which Dithering with such as charts and This halftoning smooths of ESC/P The of the ESC/P command Commands this features, such as and graphics Ethernet that allows to EtherTalk connecting to Ethernet that that other access. connected to than that and information from to the other(s). of from to white. to when with only. inch. The the quality). software that instructions to peripheral to it what to from and instructions to the to this ESC/P This of commands of from It EPSON and computers. of
November AM the to its This or the MicroWeave that to reduce the of The of or peripheral that to the while or they printed. of to to of or nearly of of physical that and information from or to the others the of which each or precisely second. This to the head IPX/SPX Network NetWare. LPR which printed, such as and of that peripheral such as or that with that from G-3
November AM the information and The as when through NetWare. The of which the It than the physical of the of which the of the character from character to character. than lowercase of and that to to another and to peripherals that connected directly to the and chooses specified when The of inch to The higher the or quality, the and the that or reduced. Non-scalable cant This as they appear instead of them as halftones. software that that Also, the EPSON Software that allows to the of from its To to its command, INIT or turning the off and then back router that of and when and where to information from each to the others.
November AM software that allows to the such as the amount of to of or The IP twisted This Ethernet TCP/IP of (TCP and IP) that and G-5