Easfm.fm5 March PM Printed with least
Easfm.fm5 March PM rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EPSON EPSON ESC/P, and EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EPSON SoundAdvice service and EPSON FaxAdvice of Inc. Notice Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc. CPD-6236
Easfm.fm5 March PM This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. FCC United States WARNING
Easfm.fm5 March PM
March PM thickness cleaning cleaning cover
Easint.fm5 March PM EPSON COLOR the business graphics, photography, or With to photographic and graphics or the of EPSON The software Microsoft and advanced with of brightness, and ColorSync and ICM that closely match the EPSON specially formulated and of offer the the With and and connectivity, and easy. To and its software with PC, should IBM PC with least or or NT or DOS, Microsoft or or NT At least 16MB of RAM (20MB recommended) Introduction
Easint.fm5 March PM Introduction At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or recommended) the software shielded, twisted-pair to to to the the D-SUB, and the To and its software with should or the and early of the Macintosh, such as the II or or or recommended) At least 16MB of RAM (20MB or recommended) At least 50MB of (100MB recommended) 13-inch RGB or CD-ROM or recommended) the software Apple or (RS-422, DIN F2V024 recommended)
Easint.fm5 March PM To To and the software, the and CD-ROM This the following information: Chapter covers the basics of with or Chapter selecting the right or other and instructions Chapter to with quality, and distinctive layouts. Chapter to and while Chapter instructions cleaning and the heads, and cleaning and the Chapter to optional interface instructions the software and to the C the EPSON with the technical and EPSON included the of the Introduction
Easint.fm5 March PM Introduction Notes, and this information throughout to to to Notes information about hints
Easint.fm5 March PM services Automated telephone services Where To EPSON technical through services and services hours The following the information: Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the user anonymous and as the EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. to EPSON CompuServe of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America introductory CompuServe membership, and Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice SM to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON FaxAdvice Access technical information You to this service. EPSON Service the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer Introduction
Easint.fm5 March PM Introduction If using another software with EPSON the that software technical information. o to technical (U.S.) or AM to PM through and AM to PM and or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product of the You purchase and from EPSON (U.S. only). please NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused Ready EPSON Ready the other of ready the year
Easint.fm5 March PM the off the Dont switch off the outlet or or the the light off. Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively: Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using the as photocopiers or that switch and off. the near outlet where the easily fiche the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the as specifically this to service the yourself. Introduction
Easint.fm5 March PM Introduction the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. hand the or the of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of the or to them. This to the head. Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the printed the the within months of them. this this the the off the light flashes then the or off the to the the the the head the right and the light off.
March PM instructions with DOS, D. Its easy to and black-and-white with EPSON COLOR and the software, following the instructions and the CD-ROM or B. Then this chapter to about: from from What to when the lights from To from the or choose from the You then choose which to the of and other options from the software, such as the type and the to The following sections to: Select software and from the software while
Easch1.fm5 March PM You options clicking the then clicking the Properties, or then to the option from the to information about the button. and NT, right-click item the and then Whats This? from Applications This section the to Chapter information about advanced or other software and to Choose from the You the EPSON COLOR selected, and then the or (You to of buttons boxes.) You then the Click to Click to type Click the and the option to This the to of of the Quality/Speed to Click information
March PM To the highest to or of the Quality the EPSON The Quality/Speed types. If using and with software, to the and the information Chapter instructions the other the Choose the to from the following Quality Quality The type of or other choose the If which to the Choose or Black the to Quality or This choose the or the highest the To the highest to the More instructions. Click the and choose of and instructions. If or NT the and the and options to theyre Click OK when finished checking The the OK or You to of these buttons boxes. While appears showing the and the of Checking information.
March PM (such as or to the instructions. You the NT software the such as or through software the apply to the To the the through the or NT or the If to and them to the Click to and Right-click the EPSON COLOR Select You the as shown Double-click the the Double-click the Select EPSON COLOR from the of and You the as shown NT Click to and Double-click the EPSON COLOR the and You the as shown
March PM This information appears Checking While software reports the the section operating below. the appears The shows the of and the of You the to or If information about and the information about You the software and whether to the or instructions. Click to Click to Click to Click to the
March PM the EPSON appears Click to or Click to This shows the of and the of If of while the You the buttons to or NT NT and workstations include service to to or when finished. If or from the or and other NT Click to
March PM On the with cant them from to another. to each If to templates You software that each from with to the software each choose or from the the software that choose the that as the type and the to This section the to Chapter information about advanced Follow these to from Macintosh: or other software and to Choose from the You the Choose and other options as and OK
March PM Click to Click to type the highest to or of the Quality the EPSON choose from the You the Choose the of and which to the option to This the to of of Choose the to from the following Quality Quality The type of or other choose the or If which to the Choose or Black the Quality/Speed to
March PM The Quality/Speed types. You to the and the information. instructions the other the the to Quality or This choose the or the highest the To the highest to the More instructions. Click the and the and options to theyre information the Then OK to to the Click when finished If chose background when while
March PM or lights information. What To the Lights cleaning cleaning The four lights the and to the light flashes the Turn off the and Then the information. the light or incorrectly loaded. the and then the light flashes supply light to the Chapter instructions. the light flashes the or operation. light light light light
March PM EPSON and their EPSON S041060/S041028 A4 S041059/S041025 EPSON Iron-on Cool S041153/S041155 EPSON Coated S041060 EPSON COLOR about of to You of and with specially coated the cards, and photo of EPSON from to and to about choosing the and software. The below the EPSON and the each software.
March PM EPSON and their EPSON High Quality S041111 Quality A4 S041117 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Coated S041062 EPSON Quality (A6) S041054 Cards S041122 EPSON Card (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 EPSON Quality S041124 A4 S041126 EPSON A4 EPSON Quality A4 (A6) EPSON High Quality S041072 EPSON (CD-ROM and EPSON EPSON S041064 A4 S041063 EPSON Iron-On SE41001/SE41002 (A6) (A6) To EPSON and other or EPSON (U.S. only). The type of or other of the factors the of The following the type of or other S041062/S041029 S041061/S041026 S041067/S041048 S041134 S041141 S041104 S041145 S041072 S041071 S041107 Quality S041144-KIT S041144
March PM the facing that to the right of the follow instructions the the and the Dont the cleaning sheets that included with they the Forms, and the top first. the and both EPSON High Quality, and Quality You to the arrow the If than to the arrow EPSON Quality and or sheet with the or beneath the (Dont with Quality You to of to of or to
March PM within of purchase. and within months. and to their as as information. the first and the the the software. With sheets loaded, the top inches If to top and each from the immediately printed. each sheet If included protective sheets, cover the of with these To the and the the back of the You to as shown below:
March PM To their them or other airtight covering and them from heat, humidity, and sunlight. to as from the it the If smears when or other thick the thickness to the the cover and the as shown below. the to the other the thickness to smears when thick EPSON You EPSON to photographs that as as the from processing. 6-inch perforated around the and the to the of the paperon You to sheets of 6-inch, or or of beneath the it included the the following when EPSON the with the whiter facing If the as shown Then the and its top while the to feed it the
March PM You 6-inch EPSON the of the using as the and Then the of the as the If 6-inch the perforated as shown: 6-inch software, to inches. other of the specifications. Choose these software of Choose as the 6-inch EPSON as the and as the Printable the back and forth the perforations and tear the off. or or A4 as choose as the
March PM includes Then the text correctly when You the option software. information. EPSON Quality Cards You to the included the cards. ready to software to the option the the thickness to the as shown EPSON Quality these to or You to their them. EPSON Iron-On You or anything this and then to T-shirts or other cloth items. of follow the instructions that with the to the the or other to as the the
March PM graphics, photographs, or other the EPSON COLOR software. You choose or options brightness, and accuracy, (ICM) or ColorSync the If NT, or Macintosh, softwares options of and This chapter includes the following information: advanced and effects ColorSync the Selecting and options Selecting and options Custom
March PM Custom Click Advanced, then to of Advanced easy to operation types. Follow these to with or software. Access the as or (Macintosh). You of the following boxes: Click Advanced, then to of Choose or Black Click Advanced and then Custom You the of types.
March PM choose from the Custom Selecting PhotoEnhance or PhotoEnhance2, ICM, or ColorSync the option to Color. with PhotoEnhance or PhotoEnhance2 and PhotoEnhance, and PhotoEnhance2 effects. PhotoEnhance and PhotoEnhance2 and their The consistently increases the You to to choose the Choose the right following these photographs. Increases the Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and and the and highlights. PhotoEnhance2 or PhotoEnhance only) using or and the and brightness. Corrects and of the rough of text only, ICM only) Automatically to match the Not when or ColorSync only) Automatically to match the Not when or information, Choose the to (If which to select, the the and to or as and On Macintosh, or the and the as and Custom
March PM Custom them as group. Then them whenever instructions. Click to Quality of these options or other choose finished, or OK If using other that Quality and Effects If the or to with effects, software. Follow these or software. Access the as or Click Advanced, and then More You the More
March PM Click to Quality of these options or other choose The Quality selected the If choose Quality that the the to both of these Choose of the following Quality options low-resolution rough Normal or high-resolution or Quality the highest-resolution or Quality Choose the and to following the and Custom
March PM Custom the selected based the Advanced preselected each type when Black as the of the options the of the More selected or the Quality choose. If when the High to the heads. instructions. Choose of the following text only. photographic or each with the around Dithering, Dithering or other that of bright Coarse with and with and Choose of the following MicroWeave Prints graphic to (light MicroWeave Increases the MicroWeave function when Quality or with or of the Quality High fast, bidirectional Prints of with ironed-on correctly. graphics, and art with and increases memory Click OK ready to to the or the section to
March PM Click to You choose from or manually and CMY to the and of PhotoEnhance2 (PhotoEnhance To the Matching (ICM; or ColorSync Follow these to Access the More as The appear the right of the as shown: to and Click to Custom
March PM Custom Choose of the following (You to of these options ICM or ColorSync (Macintosh) as the information and correction accordingly. Photo-realistic photographs. graphics-intensive with charts and and the and highlights. the of the software stand-alone If to specify correction the to increase right) or the below. (If of the options to specify correction Brightness or Increases or the the bright or of or Increases or the amount of the three that to these to the
March PM choose PhotoEnhance, PhotoEnhance2, ICM, ColorSync, or the other options choose of these correction PhotoEnhance2 or PhotoEnhance only) and the and brightness. Corrects and of the ICM only) Automatically to match the ColorSync only) Automatically to match the ColorSync the information. Click OK to to the ColorSync the Every or and Thats why to to match the displayed or other The ColorSync their match as closely as ColorSync information from each including EPSON COLOR printerto to Then software to specify the of matching to Custom
March PM Custom Follow these to ColorSync and softwares ColorSync features: the ColorSync Profile the Apple Click the Profile Select from the and then Select ColorSync Access the More as Click ColorSync. Profile choose EPSON This the ColorSync created Dont choose other Choose of the following options photographs. graphics-intensive with charts and matching as exactly as the distinguishes them. Click OK to to the
March PM graphic reflects to and Printable with Selecting and to inches and to inches or If or of the and You the to to the of the with Selecting Follow these to options the or software. Access the as Click the You the Custom Click to graphics to and
March PM Custom If the to Normal and of the to the right that with to that fits information. Click the to the of the The with with These than and with the the information. A4 B5 A5 A6 Index Envelope Envelope DL Envelope C6 B4 B3 A3 A3/B A2 US C instructions.) If or the of to choose the (from to the Dont the of and the of
March PM The the of first, with as as inch and top as as inch This option with If of and the the checkbox. The graphics to If and the first the without to the The graphics to first. Select the of the the To oriented as shown of the following graphics, the options below To the of selected the option to To the Click the to or or click OK to Custom
March PM Custom and NT, the and Height of inch (or inches. NT Creating You to or and them to the the option. This such as You from to inches, and height (length) from to inches. Follow these to with the option: Follow the to the software and the Click the and to the of using the or Click the option. You of the following boxes: or NT to characters) the field. Then and the To instead of inches, the option. finished, The appears the the and OK when
March PM You the the field and the the Height field. Then OK You the The to the and selected as the the To or or NT Click the Then, the the the and the and/or Unit as necessary, or Click OK when You the Click the Then, the the and Height as necessary. Click OK when Selecting The and options software the The options and the the Follow the these sections selecting the options: Choosing and options Selecting options Custom
March PM Custom graphic reflects to and Printable Choosing and Follow these to the and or software. the and You the Click the to the of the A4 B5 A5 Envelope Envelope C6 Envelope DL A6 Index EPSON Click to Click to options
March PM The the of first, with as as inch and top as as inch If the the instructions. Select the of the using the To oriented as shown of the following graphics, the options below To the of selected the option to To the If to of or to the which printed, OK Then instructions. If finished selecting and OK to the Then from the to other and Custom
March PM Custom Creating You to and them to the This such as You from to inches, and height (length) from to inches. Follow these to Follow the to the Click the You the following Click the New and and and buttons appear the the and of the and Height If to from inches to the the New field, then OK The to the and selected as the the To the button. Then the of the and Click OK to to the
March PM information the other the Selecting Follow these to the and and Click the You the options If of and the the checkbox. The graphics to If and the first the without to the The graphics to first. Click OK to the Custom
March PM Custom options when NT, or Selecting softwares options reduce or to You options to of and or and NT instructions, the section. instructions, Choosing Follow the these sections to options the and to the of from its softwares to reduce or You the to the selected You choose to reduce or to selected Follow these to Follow the to the software and the Click the and the of the to
March PM inches, This too to to to reducing the If inches, to the to to the If the selected within the that to or reduce the to manually. to If the selected than the that the following the the of the the and OK This and the reduction the fits the the select. Custom
March PM Custom The selected reduction and appear the graphic. If to the or to If ready to to reduction Click the You the options only
March PM If previously selected that than the and then choose Normal, the software the to You cant option option to or Select of the following Select Normal to the to Select to to reduce or the to the the The option beneath the to option becomes active; the of the Select Custom to reduce or the to If finished selecting options, OK If to the and Only) If of the each of options the software. You choose the the the and to each Custom Select to then the of the
March PM Custom You only with the of selected and/or or To first the as that instructions. Follow these to the options: To of sheet of the or If the of the shown the graphic printed, to To the the Then the to from the that appears. If to each with the If finished selecting options, OK If to options, the section. You to each to its or the should to of the to distributed to other of Click to
March PM selections the graphic shown If selected option (as appear each the Follow the the section below to or To the the The To the or appears, the You the following To the arrow the and choose of the following Priority Not Copy Copy Top Then to Click to Click to created Specify to appear these options Custom
March PM Custom You to to 15MB With NT, the To to the the Then the and Click OK to the If displays only the Intensity shown the graphic. If choose the the printed. To created as the You the following Click the You the Select to the containing the to the and OK the to characters the field. Click the to to the then OK The appears as the selected the and shown the graphic. the the to appear choosing the following options. The graphic to the choose. selects where the to appear Top-Right or Bottom-Right the of the or as the choose Black or You its Click to Then type and
March PM the or of the (from to based where the If finished OK to the Choosing Follow the these sections to options the the to option and the to Option to the of from its softwares to option to to the selected Follow these to the to option: or software. the and You the Click the and the of the to inches, the option. Custom
March PM Custom If to this the 6-inch EPSON the to option to reduce the to that If to this the inches), the to option to the to that Click OK to the the and Click the You the to options
March PM You cant option the to option. Select of the following to options: Select to the to Select On to reduce or the to the the The option beneath the to option becomes active. the of the the This the reduction or to the the the selected The selected and appear beneath the graphic. If finished selecting OK If to the and If and of the each of options the software. You choose the the the and to each Select the the graphic displays the selected and Custom
March PM Custom You with the of selected and/or or Landscape. To first the as PICT that PICT instructions. Follow these to the To of of or the If the of the shown the graphic printed, to To the the arrow the Then the to If to each with the If finished selecting OK If to options, the section. You to each to its or the should to of the to distributed to other PICT of letterhead. Click the arrow and
March PM If selected option (as appear each the You to from PICT to 1MB To to the the Then the and Click to the To of the the arrow the the Then choose of the following Priority Not Copy Copy Top Then to To created as PICT the You the following Click the You selecting to the containing the PICT to the and The of PICT appears the field and to the Click the to the The appears as the selected the and shown the graphic. Custom Click the to PICT
March PM Custom If displays the shown the graphic. If choose the the printed. the the to appear choosing the following options. The graphic to the choose. choose Black or You its the or of the (from to based where the To the and of the the the graphic. appear the corners of the graphic and the to hand. To the anywhere the graphic and of upper-right, lower-right, or lower-left. To the the of the boxes; the to hand. Click and the to reduce or the If finished OK to the Click and anywhere to the Click and of the to the
March PM If the or when selected, the selected the to Custom This To to Custom the as group. Then them the You to or of Follow these as this chapter. Click the the software You of the following: to characters) and the The choose the To the Advanced Then the Custom and the selected group. To or the Custom
March PM Custom Custom To the options the follow these Select Advanced Then the of the to the Custom the as necessary. (If the and the to Custom this Click Then the of the the Custom If You the Click OK to (Click to On Macintosh, the Then the to (Click to Custom Select Advanced Then Select the the Custom and (You of the types.)
March PM You when software, and connected directly to the or to software includes You them to and the or to This chapter instructions the following: NT software offers three to and which appears each as You the or off and other options the the section which appears the the of the each as which of as
March PM Selecting the You the software and whether to the using the and To the software from the as below. Click to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR and from the You the Click the You the Click the
March PM You this Select the following options: High of of the as cache. whether or the displayed when information the EPSON the of EPSON instead of the You of these beneath the EPSON option: High (DMA) that using DMA higher DMA know that DMA or technical instructions DMA them. If than You this
March PM If DMA however, to to ECP or technical instructions selecting ECP Click OK to the and to the Then OK to software. the The temporary and the C:\TEMP or C:\WINDOWS\TEMP The software then the to the right To while the EPSON COLOR that appears the the of the You the command buttons The displays the of and them. To or the to highlight then of the buttons the of the
March PM You using only when connected directly to or when connected to If of Follow these to and Click the EPSON COLOR the Click Click the and information about and monitored. background isnt already as the section. Background To background follow these Click to the and EPSON Click the of the to the The highlighted. the and Background Select from (to background or (to background right the as the section.
March PM Background turned to the Background and the Preferences instructions. Turn background or off the selected Preferences You the to the Preferences There to the Click the the to highlight and the or Preferences from the Right-click the the and Preferences from the You the Preferences If or of the options, the when the selected when the appear If the the appear whenever or the of the which to to Select and when to the while when and/or when
March PM You the of the clicking the Select background the and selecting the to The of the the the type of as Click the to highlight then to the information the Once background and there three to Double-click the the the right of Click to the and EPSON Access the software from within or the and the and the EPSON (This the only; Click to the
March PM and You the appearance of items the using the options or the If them the clicking the or Count title the If than to them the option the To memory, to from the that to To this, the the and from the The of the the as follows: Ready to and/or and/or or or occurred Other options the or as the and Count title The of to appears appear
March PM of what to appear If of this to the right and the graphic the the of the There to the Double-click the the Click the the to highlight it and the or from the Right-click the the and from the If currently using the software, the then the EPSON instructions software, and You the clicking the the or the You the The and correction information. appear If troubleshooting appear
March PM The to the Both allow to and information To the amount of the To information about and other the Information the To information the to the There to the Click the the to highlight and the or from the Right-click the the and from the You the Information currently or to appears These graphics the amount of
March PM the or or the as and the software to The options or of the to or the to highlight software includes the and The when to the It allows to the background while to and to to If that the the section The when to the It displays to about information the the The the to software temporary the C:\TEMP or C:\WINDOWS\TEMP directory, and assigns to The software then the to the right
March PM You the or the the to the To of the following: To while the EPSON the of You double-clicking the the EPSON group. You the The the of and them. You of the and the directory. Click the information. If of Follow these to and the as Click the and Then and
March PM the Directory If while or directory. directory where to C:\SPLTEMP. the as EPSON COLOR selected, and then choose from the The appears. the directory to the created this checked. Then OK Choose Directory from the the the directory to the created Then OK NT NT and workstations include service to to or know when finished. If or from the or and the security, and NT
March PM software includes and It includes If background Monitor3 when to the It while to that to printed, and The to that You to The to of and where Monitor3 The to while (however, background and You then the to and or them. To this to background and increase the memory as the section.
March PM the Chooser from the Apple and the SC or SC 850(AT) Then the or Background On and the Chooser. To increase the memory EPSON the Then choose Info from the and the Memory to or RAM. with While the EPSON the Application the right of the You the following currently Click to You the with the and that currently or to and or
March PM If and the the EPSON from the to release the and To to the then the arrow the of the The Priority becomes active. Click the arrow and Normal or The or the of the You the to the of Follow these Choose or from the You Click the You the information about these Chapter Click the EPSON
March PM The software the amount of the and displays the To the the To the OK Selecting You the the to and temporary the Follow these Choose or from the You Click the You the Click the Click to the
March PM when these appear when these appear these Click to and/or the You the the options as follows: whether to and text or text Warning choose whether and text or text only. Temporary and Temporary High the that the temporary and high created when to the Click the Select to the from the shown. Click the to software to Click the the to software to finishing OK to to the Click to the
March PM To EPSON and them. Other products to covered EPSON warranty. Its easy to EPSON COLOR its follow the instructions this chapter and the these Cleaning the heads the heads Cleaning the Transporting the Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to the these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020108 S020089 or EPSON (U.S. only). please and Transportation
March PM and Transportation To the the heads hand. cleaning If cleaning when its light off or flashing, the cleans the heads, as If to the lights the too follow the instructions light to with turn the off and then back choose Black as the software. the Removing Empty Cartridge light flashing or Follow these You when the the turned and which to replaced. the and the cover. Then the and cleaning buttons to the the cover. or cleaning and three seconds. Press the light flashing. (The heads to their to within seconds.) The heads slightly and the or cleaning
March PM Dont the or to with Once cant Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the The from its (Although the shows the the the the the of the and of Follow the the section to the and Transportation
March PM and Transportation You the from the top of the or permanently Its the tear off completely the the clear from the of the the New Cartridge Once the ready to the Follow these the from its the of the top as shown below. Dont off the white or to the clear the the its with the facing and the arrow to the back of the Press the the the white
March PM off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than To the the heads hand. If to the other follow the Empty Cartridge, and then through the New Cartridge. Press the The the heads and charging the the charging seconds the light flashes, and the sounds. Charging about three finished, The Outdated Cartridge If than months to You that as as they If cleaning and the heads, or both or Follow these to the light flashing or the turned and the and the cover. cleaning and them seconds the head to the Press both the To the follow the instructions with cleaning and seconds. the to the follow the instructions with To the the and Transportation and the cover. and
March PM and Transportation If interface and the of that with the the Head Cleaning off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Cleaning the Heads If unexpectedly light or or from the to clean the heads. This the they properly. Cleaning the heads them You the heads of the following With the Head Cleaning software (when the the buttons the Head Cleaning Follow these to the from or Macintosh: the turned and the and Access the as Chapter Click the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to or both heads. Cleaning both heads about four which the and the light flashes. light flashing, to to the and the cleaning the lights off.
March PM turn off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than If interface and the of that with the the the and or Confirmation (Macintosh). Then Next instructions examining the If the If this or three the Chapter the Follow these to the heads: the turned and and that the and cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about which the and the the cover, then the light the other head necessary. the light flashing, to to the and the cleaning If connected directly to the to finished cleaning and the If DOS or and containing and Then to Access the as Chapter Then the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the then Next. the section instructions examining the and Transportation lights off. light flashes. or
March PM and Transportation If interface and the of that with the the Head If the If this or three the Chapter the the It should something this, with the and yellow: and straight should with the If If as shown below, the heads instructions. the Heads If to the heads. You the heads of the following With the Head software (when the the buttons
March PM thats least inches This from the and the EPSON the whenever the head the Head Follow these to the or Macintosh): the turned and loaded. Access the as Chapter Click the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to and the the Follow these to the heads: the turned off and loaded. Then the cover. cleaning and the Then release the buttons. the instruction to the instructions. the Press the buttons as instructed to The instructions the heads. Follow the instructions the to the heads. finished, off the to the and Transportation and the
March PM and Transportation Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the Dont or the To the when the Cleaning the To its should year, following these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. the cover closed Clean of the with cloth. Transporting the If to its Follow these Turn the and the heads the right Then off the the from the Then the interface from the from the and the the and the the and the the protective that with the Notice that with the to the as If the the heads; the heads. the instructions this chapter.
March PM or other The first thing should the following the this chapter. Then the the fixed. This chapter covers the following and software Fixing and other Uninstalling the software of to To the the lights the You the to instructions, or (Macintosh). Troubleshooting
March PM Troubleshooting To whether the caused the instructions. You the to instructions. the information, the and the ReadMe the EPSON or If of the this chapter to and then software, instructions. If of the this chapter EPSON as Where To the Introduction. Checking the Lights cleaning cleaning Follow these when the lights or flash: the light flashes the Turn off the and Then the the light or incorrectly loaded. the and then the light light light light
March PM the light and light and the other lights information. the lights internal information. thats least inches This from the and light flashes supply light to the Chapter instructions. You to whether the from the or other If the satisfactory, the software the interface or If the correctly, with the this chapter both the and turned off. the interface from the the or the the cleaning and the the buttons the light to flash, then release them. The the first and of of then (shown and of and the To the turn off the Then the interface and and Troubleshooting
March PM Troubleshooting You the to to the to technical Follow these the turned off and the cover. cleaning and the the The the top of and then or from as The the Turn off the to Quality If that often it of the following: Clean the heads following the instructions higher Chapter of EPSON Match the the software to the type of the Then the software other the quality. Turn off High the More as Chapter and the
March PM The The match the The of the the and with the instructions. The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. The the The MicroWeave or MicroWeave option or appears. The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. The High Turn off the High turned Chapter information. The heads the Head Chapter instructions. turned off the software, as the as Chapter the of the lights first.) to the matches the Chapter instructions. and lights to which to Chapter Turn MicroWeave or MicroWeave the More Chapter information. and Troubleshooting
March PM Troubleshooting The incorrect or The option to the to instructions. Black The match the The of the the and with the Chapter instructions. The and options incorrectly type. The ICM or ColorSync incorrect The head Clean the heads. instructions. clogged. The or or empty. The displayed match the printed The software The or The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. The match the the matches the instructions. the the following the instructions Chapter the or choose Chapter information. and lights to which to Chapter instructions. the and to cant exactly match the the ICM or ColorSync (Macintosh) to as match as Chapter information. You to software. software information. the matches the Chapter instructions.
March PM The the and with the or dirty. Chapter instructions. The the The or smeared. The thickness the thickness to the and the Chapter instructions. The or the the and with the instructions. You Follow the instructions Chapter and without the that sheets. You to or other The match the the Clean the to Chapter instructions. the High and MicroWeave with head. The of If photographic or rough, the too PhotoEnhance2 (PhotoEnhance to the Chapter and lights to which to Chapter instructions. or the D. If the heads as Chapter the matches the instructions. Turn off High following the instructions Then the Head following the instructions Chapter Increase the software, or the of the Troubleshooting
March PM Troubleshooting lights off. The these the turned Turn off the and the securely. the outlet switch or and light nothing the The interface Turn off and Then the connected securely. securely and the specifications. The internal Turn off the and the interface and as The or software incorrectly. enough memory to the If the first that: The turned and the the The outlet thats switch or The interface securely to the and If cant the following If the and software installation. If to as B. of the following: the of Select or or memory to light
March PM the instructions NT instructions, NT The heads or the too light flashing or The If the and follow the as If or or the and as the incorrectly. and Chapter Then the or If flashing, the supply You to the indicated Chapter instructions. If the You the indicated to to empty. Chapter instructions. and lights flashing. The the Press the occurred. On Macintosh, or the EPSON and and then Clean the heads; Chapter instructions. If cleaning the information and instructions, Chapter to off the light flashing or about seconds. Then Turn the off, seconds, and then and If the cleared, EPSON as the Introduction. light and Troubleshooting
March PM Troubleshooting the lights flashing. You the from the internal Turn off seconds, and If occurred. the lights or EPSON as the Introduction. light flashing. The finished charging the the The Press the to isnt locked following the instructions the the Notice the The to If the or the light flashing than the off. If the light flashing when back EPSON as the Introduction. The software with correctly to software correctly the following the instructions the Notice the Software If with software, first that selected as the or as the the Chooser; the or instructions. If with software, the following the software as the CD-ROM and B.
March PM software, the New operating Click and then OK occurred. other option the New You If or the caused temporary only). too to the enough memory the You memory (Macintosh). You to increase the memory EPSON or both. the appear. You restarted Click and Right-click the EPSON COLOR and Click the then the Click the this to Click OK then the and the directory only), following the instructions Chapter of the following: the of Select or or memory to Choose Info from the when the active or EPSON selected and increase the memory Chapter information. If that off background to Click the and to Then try Troubleshooting
March PM Troubleshooting You optional interface only). using off background instructions.) Then back when finished using too software the the following and options incorrectly. Quality to Turn MicroWeave off. Turn High Choose Black and Clear or enough Dont too the Turn off memory. Increase memory (RAM) and/or background Select EPSON and choose Info from the to increase the Memory EPSON Monitor3. Chapter information. If that off background to ECP If ECP and/or DMA turn and/or DMA them to switches to the or the inactive. the conflicts. the AppleShare, FileShare, and PrinterShare and Apple to the Then using Apple Peripheral-8 the Introduction information. If using connected directly to and then optional interface to software and instructions software. Then follow the instructions that with interface to its software. To software, CD-ROM or instructions.
March PM appear the Chooser GX the conflicts. EPSON and SC or SC 850AT and then Macintosh. cant (Macintosh). Not enough memory Highlight the and Info from the allocated to the then increase the memory to the The SC (or SC 850AT) used appears The software and the software as corrupted. Then, the GX, EPSON and SC or SC 850AT, and correctly as NT). You to and Select the and the to the DOS Then NT instructions the and path. Fixing To smooth, high-quality that the specifications D. Follow and instructions included with the the with the as the and Chapter If Troubleshooting
March PM Troubleshooting feed. this Then this the of that the from the or creased. Too Chapter or information.) Loaded the arrow the the (If the the this Then this the of the isnt too thin the specifications from the D). the of the of to the sheets. the as the and Chapter If too of or the both the software and information. the this Then this Turn off the cover, and the thats including that torn off. light flashing, Then the as the and the to the the following the instructions the and If frequently, smooth, high-quality the and then the beneath the arrow the the to the of
March PM or If the the If when the or too thin. Characters incorrect or selected or as the selected Select the Chooser as the CD-ROM the Chooser. and B. the (or the NT). On Macintosh, the or the EPSON and and The Turn off and Then the securely connected. connected securely and the specifications. conflicting with the EPSON The inverted as You Turn off the or option. software or the software. Chapter instructions. Press the to the Then the software. instructions. the specifications of thicknesses with, as as Printout If what expected, these Select or as the or instructions. to VGA or instructions). If correct, with the or updated Troubleshooting
March PM Troubleshooting The or incorrect. The and/or the and the the options incorrectly. NT, or only). Chapter instructions. the and options software. The incorrect. Margins incorrectly software instructions selecting software. the and within its specifications. the software incorrect of (Macintosh). other and off enough memory. background You to increase the memory EPSON or both. The selected or as the selected Select the Chooser as the CD-ROM the Chooser. and B. the software incorrect The head Clean the heads following the instructions Chapter clogged. the and to theyre Chapter information. Choose Info from the when the active or EPSON selected and increase the memory Chapter information. If that off background to Select or as the or instructions. the and to theyre Chapter information.
March PM If and then the software and then NT the software the NT instructions from Uninstalling Software If of the this chapter to and then software, follow the this section. Instructions Double-click the then the Double-click To the software, EPSON Software the Click the Follow the instructions the to software. off background as Then follow through selecting EPSON the to To software, the CD-ROM or B. Instructions Double-click the then the Double-click Select EPSON COLOR the and the To software, B. Troubleshooting
March PM Troubleshooting Instructions the EPSON software CD-ROM Double-click the Then Click the arrow the the top showing and from the Click the the of the Follow the instructions the to the software. To software, the CD-ROM or B.
March PM EPSON COLOR includes both and interfaces. You to PC or or both the If to to another or to of the following EPSON interface boards of interface board C823051 PC 32KB C823071 PC C823151 PC C823141 PC C823121 Ethernet C823572 Macintosh/PC To interface board, or EPSON (U.S. only). This chapter to and EPSON interface boards the following interface boards the PC interface optional interfaces Optional Interfaces A-1
March PM Optional Interfaces Interface Boards If to the LocalTalk board, LocalTalk Connector (DIN-8 to the interface the and the other to the the Then the the boxes. information, the instructions that with the If the Ethernet board connected to thin (10BASE2) and the the the to terminator. The Ethernet included the EPSON Ethernet board, the PC Interface the interface board follow the instructions that with the and parity. You to the boards and other to information about the boards to If the Ethernet board connected to thin (10BASE2) and the the the to The Ethernet included the EPSON Ethernet board, the A-2
March PM To or the interface board when the connected to Optional Interfaces optional interface board the turned off and the lights off. Then follow these the from the outlet (and from the back of the interface from the (cross-head) screwdriver to the screws the interface cover; then off the cover. to both screws; to them the cover. switches and the as the interface boards If board JG, that to ON or the properly. Optional Interfaces A-3
March PM Optional Interfaces the interface the both of the to the boards the internal the interface board the with the screws included with the board. the interface to the interface board and to If the grounding to of the screws the interface. If than the other interface as the turned off. Then the cord. the the interface through interface board, to the I/F (interface) D-8 instructions. To the interface board, follow and this section. the screws the board and of the internal Then the interface cover and screws A-4
easapb.fm5 March PM If or stand-alone PC follow the instructions CD-ROM to software. If instructions, the this Follow the instructions this to the software If NT or follow the this to software Software Follow the these sections to software: instructions, the section. instructions, B-2 NT instructions, B-4 instructions, B-5 Software the connected to as the light flashing. Then Turn the and the Software and Network B-1
easapb.fm5 March PM Software and Network and the EPSON software CD-ROM or the and If from the CD-ROM, type D:\EPSON (where D: the of CD-ROM and OK the the and If from type D:\SETUP (where D: the of and OK EPSON COLOR selected and OK Follow the instructions the to software. software appear EPSON and as the instructions using software. Software the to as the and turned OFF Turn and light flashing. Turn and the B-2
easapb.fm5 March PM Software and Network If New or or another that to These appear as follow these option of these You software these the EPSON software CD-ROM or If from the CD-ROM, and type D:\EPSON (where D: the of CD-ROM); then OK the the and If from and type D:\SETUP (where D: the of then OK EPSON COLOR selected and OK If using the CD-ROM, follow the instructions the to software, the and creative software. If follow the instructions the to software. Then the and follow the instructions the to software appear EPSON and as the Chapter instructions software. B-3
easapb.fm5 March PM Software and Network Software NT These instructions to the software the NT that connected directly to the or the that connected to the optional interface If the directly to and to the NT instructions workstations. and turned OFF Turn and NT with the the EPSON software CD-ROM or If from the CD-ROM, and type D:\EPSON (where D: the of CD-ROM); then OK the the and If from and type D:\SETUP (where D: the of then OK EPSON COLOR selected and OK Follow the instructions the to software and creative software (CD-ROM only). appears the B-7 instructions the to each the the TCP/IP (or LPR) If NT instructions. B-4
March PM Software and Network instructions software. Software the connected to as the Turn the and light Turn and the the EPSON software CD-ROM or If from the CD-ROM, the the the and The the If from the then the title At the Follow the instructions the to software. At the to If the CD-ROM to software, to If to software, to To creative software, these the CD-ROM PressWriter SE Then follow the instructions the B-5
easapb.fm5 March PM Software and Network If or to the switch the Chooser. the Apple and then choose Switch. Select then the and the Chooser as If to interface instructions. the Chooser. If connected directly to the the section instructions. If connected optional interface B-9 instructions and selecting the Chooser. Selecting the Chooser the Apple and Chooser If connected to the or to with to off Click the SC Click the the or (On with the Click On to background to that background and while the Chooser. PC Network You NT, or another operating First to software as this Then to the B-6
easapb.fm5 March PM If connected the directly to NT or NT instructions the Software and Network If NT the section. If connecting to B-8. other operating instructions. Connecting to the NT If optional interface and the software as B-4, follow the below to the to each the using the TCP/IP (or LPR) to first the software that with interface as its Follow the instructions to the interface the that with the To the to TCP/IP (or LPR) the and Right-click the EPSON COLOR then the and the Select LPR the Then New the IP of the the first and type the the Click OK then You the and of the the Click OK to to the these each the that to the B-7
March PM Software and Network To from DOS as as applications, the instead of Select the the then its path. then OK. Network Path If to to the and the connected to the Follow these Click to and Right-click the EPSON COLOR and choose Click the You the following Click the then the to the and OK B-8 Click then the network the that appears
easapb.fm5 March PM Software and Network Network If to to of the optional interface boards: the or the Ethernet board. information about optional interfaces. Then the EPSON and the Chooser. The EPSON with the other software. to the Follow these to the EPSON Double-click the EPSON Click the SC 850(AT) the Select the where located. New type from to distinguish from other the Click and then the and then follow these to the Chooser from the Apple Click the SC 850(AT) Select the to of connected to the selected appears the right. B-9
easapb.fm5 March PM Software and Network Click the assigned to EPSON COLOR of the previous section. You to choice. Click OK. If appear, the turned and correctly connected, then RETRY. Turn the Background option or off, to the EPSON or the Chooser when finished. B-10
March PM C EPSON offers of EPSON COLOR from and interface to and other creative To purchase EPSON You purchase interface cards, EPSON and from EPSON (U.S. only). please to the this Cartridge type Black S020108 S020089 EPSON and other EPSON S041060/S041028 A4 S041059/S041025 EPSON High Quality S041111 A4 S041117 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Quality S041124 A4 S041126 EPSON C-1 S041062/S041029 S041061/S041026 S041067/S041048
March PM EPSON EPSON and other EPSON Quality A4 (A6) EPSON A4 EPSON (CD-ROM and EPSON EPSON Quality (A6) S041054 Cards S041122 EPSON S041064 A4 S041063 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 EPSON Iron-On SE41001, SE41002 EPSON Iron-on Cool S041153/S041155 EPSON interface of interface C823051 PC 32KB C823071 PC C823151 PC Coax C823141 PC LocalTalk C823121 Ethernet C823572 Macintosh/PC C-2 S041072 S041071 S041107 S041134 S041141 S041104 S041145 (A6) S041144-KIT (A6) S041144
easapd.fm5 March PM yellow) and Character pitch Printable (characters inch) condensed) condensed) CR (inches second) Specifications (characters second) Normal D-1
easapd.fm5 March PM Specifications 32KB Bidirectional with text and graphics ESC/P and expanded graphics IBM X24E 1/6-inch 1/8-inch or 1/360-inch feed milliseconds 1/3-inch Character and graphics character Character international character and character EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON and You other ESC/P commands. from to and four and The the with software You to the internal allow to D-2
easapd.fm5 March PM type Thickness inches) A4 A5 B5 inches) inches) inches) and inches inches) A4 inches) and cool A6 with distributed EPSON inches, DL inches, C6 inches, Cards A6 inches distributed EPSON Notes: Since the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of and distributed EPSON inches) A4 A6 only) and distributed EPSON distributed EPSON A4 inches; iron-on cool only) sheets and cool distributed EPSON bond, or to inch to to to to inch to to to and to inch to to inch to inch inch D-3 Specifications
easapd.fm5 March PM Specifications Notes: or or and only these to F to C) Humidity: to RH and these to F to C) Humidity: to RH Printable B-L Envelope and B-R C The top inch of the top BL The inch BR The right inch and inches inch DL inch other C The inch D-4 B-L B-R C
easapd.fm5 March PM the first first. B-L, B-R A: The top inch BL, BR: The and right inch C: The inch B-L B-R A: The top inch BL: The inch BR: The right inch C: The inch EPSON 6-inch perforations) C EPSON C D-5 Specifications
easapd.fm5 March PM Specifications Cartridges Specification Black (S020108) (S020089) Black and Color(s) capacity* (A4 text Normal (ISO/IEC years from and to within months C F) Cartridge to F to C) month F C) Transit to C to F) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) 2.1(D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) (W) (D) (H) The often the head cleaning function. Also, graphics and text with white The thaws and hours F C). To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. the the Mechanical Friction with sheets of (A4, Width: Depth: inches inches without the Width: inches Depth: inches inches when Height: inches inches when D-6 (A4 Normal each
easapd.fm5 March PM to F to C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) to RH to RH (without UL with D3, CSA with D3 EMC FCC CSA C108.8 DOS Black LQ-870/1170 LQ-570(+)/1070(+) SQ-870/1070 LQ-850 LQ-500 120V 240V 103.5V to 132V 198V to 264V Rated to to Rated 0.4A 0.2A (ISO/IEC IT with Phase to Phase 220240V If the EPSON COLOR from software of the other EPSON ESC/P These the EPSON COLOR features, such as or Choose the first from the following D-7 Specifications
easapd.fm5 March PM Specifications and EPSON PRO EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR II LQ-860 LQ-2550 Follow these to the You the following from the Font T, H, Pitch I/F Option I/F seconds, seconds Software ESC/P IBM X24E CR (IBM only) On AGM (IBM only) On Character PC437, PC850, PC860, PC861, PC863, PC865, BRASCII, ISO International character U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, On Network I/F On Loading Others On I/F Normal the turned off and loaded. The summary of instructions and choosing the instructions. the cleaning to of (indicated with arrows) and instructions. Press the the turn the off to the The them D-8 cleaning and the
easapd.fm5 March PM the ESC/P Reference information about these ESC/P commands. IBM X24E This the IBM with the following commands. information, X24E reference operation: ESC ESC U, ESC EM feeding: CR, FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC motion: ESC ESC ESC V, ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, ESC J, VT Font selection: ESC ESC ESC X, ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: ESC ESC ESC Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Graphics: ESC G, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Color: ESC ESC ESC operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC (AGM*), ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (AGM*), CR ESC C, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC D-9 Specifications
easapd.fm5 March PM Specifications Character International You of international character with the character or the ESC command. Other selected with the ESC command. You characters with the ESC command. motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC J, ESC (AGM*) Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP, ESC Character ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC (AGM*) Graphics character the as the PC437 through 7F. Additional characters through FF. You the following character through the or software commands: PC PC850 PC860 PC861 (Icelandic) PC863 (Canadian-French) PC865 (Nordic) BRASCII ISO characters D-10