AM Printed with least
AM rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Approved Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EPSON EPSON ESC/P, and EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EPSON SoundAdvice service and EPSON FaxAdvice of Inc. Notice Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc. CPD-6494
AM This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. FCC United States WARNING
AM
AM thickness head cleaning head cleaning cover
AM EPSON COLOR 850N to the EPSON COLOR the Therefore, this to the EPSON COLOR software. EPSON COLOR 850N the business graphics, photography, or created With to photographic and graphics or the of EPSON The software Microsoft and advanced with of brightness, and ColorSync and ICM that closely match the offers with of operating and operating With integrated Ethernet connectivity, and easy. To and its software with PC, should IBM PC with least or or NT or DOS, Microsoft or NT At least 16MB of RAM (20MB recommended) Introduction
AM Introduction At least 50MB of (100MB or recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or recommended) the software Network to Ethernet twisted-pair (10BASE-T) or thin (10BASE2) (with necessary) to the Ethernet to To and its software with should or the and early of the such as the II or or or recommended) At least 16MB of RAM (20MB or recommended) At least 50MB of (100MB or recommended) 13-inch RGB or CD-ROM or recommended) the software Network to Ethernet twisted-pair (10BASE-T) or thin (10BASE2) (with necessary) to the Ethernet to
Wednesday, AM Supported Network and The EPSON COLOR Ethernet the following NetWare Supports NetWare and Allows to function as or switches and Supports EtherTalk Phase and Phase II NT Supports NT easy of the IP and other with the EPSON when using TCP/IP. UNIX Supports commands, including and The IP assigned the and commands. Supports IBM OS/2 Warp and Warp with or without OS/2 LAN Network EPSON TCP/IP (included with The IP assigned the and commands. Introduction
AM Introduction To the to software, and the the This the following information: Chapter covers the basics of with or Macintosh. Chapter selecting the right or other and instructions to with quality, and distinctive Chapter to and while instructions cleaning and the heads, and cleaning and the Chapter information the Ethernet and covered the Chapter instructions creating from the CD-ROM and them to the software. the EPSON with C technical Ethernet and and Index included the of the
AM Notes, and this information throughout to to to Notes information about hints Introduction
AM Introduction services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. to EPSON of CompuServe type GO EPSON the CompuServe to reach the America free introductory CompuServe membership, and Automated services Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice SM to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON FaxAdvice Access technical information You to this service. EPSON Service the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer Where To EPSON technical through services and telephone services hours The following the information:
AM If another software with EPSON the that technical information. To to technical (U.S.) or AM to PM through and AM to PM and or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product of the You purchase and from EPSON (U.S. only). please NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused Ready EPSON Ready the other of ready the year Introduction
AM Introduction turn the off using the If using switch off or the the light off. Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively: Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. the where the easily fiche the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the as specifically this to service the yourself.
AM the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. the or the of the If off with and If it them immediately with of the reach of the or try to them. This to the head. Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the immediately it from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of them. this this the the off the light flashes then the or off the to the the the the head the right and the light off. Introduction
AM instructions EPSON NetWare DOS and EPSON OS/2 C DOS information. instructions with NT and DLC, UNIX, or OS/2, Its easy to and black-and-white with EPSON COLOR 850N. First the software, and the the following the instructions the Then this chapter to about: from from What to when the lights from To from choose from the You then choose which to the of and other options from the software, such as the type and the to The following sections to the following: Select software and from the software while
AM You options clicking the then clicking the or then to the option from the to using information about the and NT, right-click item the and then Whats This? from Applications This section the to Chapter information about advanced or other software and to from the You the EPSON COLOR selected, and then the or (You to of boxes.) You then the Click to Click to type Click the necessary and the option to This the to of of the Quality/Speed to Click information
AM To the highest or of the Quality the EPSON The Quality/Speed types. If or NT and with software, to the and the information Chapter instructions using the other the Choose the to from the following Quality Quality The type of or other choose the If which to the Choose or Black the to Quality or This choose the or highest the To the highest to the More instructions. Click the and choose of and orientation. instructions. If using or NT the and the and options to theyre Click OK when finished The the OK or You to of these buttons boxes. While appears showing the and the of Checking information.
AM (such as or to the instructions. You the NT software the such as or through software the apply to the To the applications, the through the or NT or the If to and them to the Click to and Right-click the EPSON COLOR Select You the software as shown NT Click to and Double-click the EPSON COLOR the and You the software as shown Double-click the the group. Double-click the Select EPSON COLOR from the of and You the software as shown
AM This information appears Checking While software reports the the section operating below. the appears The shows the of and the of You the buttons to or If information about and the information about You the software and whether to the or instructions. NT If information about and the information. Click to Click to Click to Click to the
AM NT and workstations include service to to or know when finished. If or from the or and other options. NT the EPSON appears Click to or Click to This shows the of and the of If of while the You the buttons to or Click to
AM On the Macintosh, with cant them from to another. to each If to templates applications. You software that each from with Macintosh, to the software each choose or from the the software that choose the that as the type and the to This section the to Chapter information about advanced Follow these to from or other software and to Choose from the You the Choose and other options as and OK
AM Click to the highest to or of the Quality the EPSON choose from the You the Click to type Choose the of and which to the option to This the to of of Choose the to from the following Quality Quality The type of or other choose the or If which to the Choose or Black the Quality/Speed to
AM The Quality/Speed types. You to the and the information. Chapter instructions the other the the to Quality or This choose the or the highest the To the highest to the More instructions. Click the and the and options to theyre information the Then OK to to the Click when finished If chose background when while
AM or lights information. What To the Lights cleaning cleaning The four lights the and to the light flashes the Turn off the and Then the information. the light or incorrectly loaded. the and then the light flashes supply light to the Chapter instructions. the light flashes the or operation. light light light light
AM when the If to the wasted. with the EPSON and their EPSON S041060/S041028 A4 S041059/S041025 EPSON Iron-on Cool S041153/S041155 EPSON Coated S041060 EPSON COLOR 850N about of to You of and with specially the photo-quality cards, and photo of EPSON from to iron-on and to about choosing the and software. The below the EPSON and the each software.
AM EPSON and their EPSON High Quality S041111 Quality A4 S041117 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Coated S041062 EPSON Quality (A6) S041054 Cards S041122 EPSON Cards (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 EPSON Quality S041124 A4 S041126 EPSON A4 EPSON Quality A4 (A6) EPSON High Quality S041072 EPSON (CD-ROM and EPSON EPSON S041064 A4 S041063 EPSON Iron-On SE41001/SE41002 (A6) (A6) To EPSON and other or EPSON Accessories (U.S. only) The type of or other of the factors the of The following the type of or other S041062/S041029 S041061/S041026 S041067/S041048 S041134 S041141 S041104 S041145 S041072 S041071 S041107 Quality S041144-KIT S041144
AM the facing that to the right of the follow instructions the the and the Dont the cleaning sheets that included with they the Preprinted Forms, and the top first. the and both EPSON High Quality, and Quality You to the arrow the If than to the arrow EPSON Quality and or with the or beneath the (Dont with Quality You to sheets of to sheets of or to
AM within of purchase. and within months. and to their as as C information. the first and the the the software. With sheets loaded, the top inches If to top and each from the output immediately printed. each If included protective cover the of with these To the and the the back of the You to as shown below:
AM To their them resealable or other airtight covering and them from heat, humidity, and sunlight. to as from the the If smears when or other thick the thickness to the the cover and the as shown below. the to the other the thickness to smears when thick EPSON You EPSON to photographs that as as the from processing. 6-inch perforated around the and the photoextend it to the of the paperon You to of 6-inch, or or of beneath the included the the following when EPSON the with the whiter facing If the as shown Then the and its top while the to feed the
AM You 6-inch EPSON the of the as the and Then the of the using as the If 6-inch the perforated as shown: 6-inch software, to inches. other of C the specifications. Choose these software of Choose as the 6-inch EPSON as the and as the Printable the back and forth the perforations and tear the off. or or A4 as choose as the
AM includes Then the text correctly when You the option software. information. EPSON Quality Cards You to the included the cards. ready to software to the option the the thickness to the as shown EPSON Quality these to or You to their them. EPSON Iron-On You or anything this and then to T-shirts or other cloth items. of follow the instructions that with the to the the or other to as the the
AM graphics, photographs, or other the EPSON COLOR software. You choose or options brightness, and (ICM) or ColorSync the If NT, or Macintosh, softwares options of and This chapter includes the following information: and ColorSync the Selecting and options Selecting and options Custom
AM Custom Click Advanced, then to of Advanced easy to operation types. Follow these to with or software. Access the as or (Macintosh). You of the following boxes: Choose or Black Click Advanced and then Custom You the of types. Click Advanced, then to of
AM choose from the Custom Selecting PhotoEnhance or PhotoEnhance2, ICM, or ColorSync the option to Color. with PhotoEnhance or PhotoEnhance2 and PhotoEnhance, and PhotoEnhance2 effects. PhotoEnhance and PhotoEnhance2 and their The consistently increases the You to to choose the Choose the right following these photographs. Increases the Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and and the and highlights. PhotoEnhance2 or PhotoEnhance only) or and the and brightness. Corrects and of the rough of text only, ICM only) Automatically to match the Not when or ColorSync only) Automatically to match the Not when or information, Choose the to (If which to select, the the and to or as and On or the and the as and Custom
AM Custom them as group. Then them whenever instructions. Click to Quality of these options or other choose finished, or OK If using other buttons that Quality and Effects If the or to with effects, software. Follow these or software. Access the as or (Macintosh). Click Advanced, and then More You the More
AM Click to Quality of these options or other choose The Quality selected the If choose Quality that the the to both of these Choose of the following Quality options low-resolution rough Normal or high-resolution or Quality the highest-resolution or Quality Choose the and to following the and Custom
AM Custom the selected based the Advanced preselected each type when Black as the of the options the of the selected or the Quality choose. If when the High to the heads. instructions. Choose of the following options: text only. photographic or each with the around Dithering, Dithering or other that of bright Coarse with and with and Choose of the following options. MicroWeave quality. Prints graphic to (light MicroWeave Increases the MicroWeave function when with Quality or using with photo or of the High fast, bidirectional quality. Prints of with ironed-on correctly. graphics, and art with and increases memory Click OK ready to to the or the section to
AM Click to You choose from or manually brightness, and CMY to the and of PhotoEnhance2 (PhotoEnhance To the accuracy, (ICM; or ColorSync Follow these to Access the as The appear the right of the as shown: to and Click to Custom
AM Custom Choose of the following (You to of these options ICM or ColorSync [Macintosh] as the information and correction accordingly. Photo-realistic photographs. graphics-intensive with charts and and the and highlights. the of the software stand-alone If to specify correction the to increase right) or the below. (If of the options to specify correction Brightness or Increases or the the bright or of or Increases or the amount of the three that to these to the
AM choose PhotoEnhance, PhotoEnhance2, ICM, ColorSync, or the other options choose of these correction PhotoEnhance2 or PhotoEnhance only) and the and brightness. Corrects and of the ICM only) Automatically to match the ColorSync only) Automatically to match the the section information. Click OK to to the ColorSync the Every or and Thats why to to match the or other The ColorSync their match as closely as ColorSync information from each including EPSON COLOR 850N printerto First to Then software to specify the of matching to Custom
AM Custom Follow these to ColorSync and softwares ColorSync features: the ColorSync Profile the Apple Click the Profile Select from the and then Select ColorSync Access the More as Click ColorSync. Profile choose EPSON This the ColorSync created Dont choose other Choose of the following options photographs. graphics-intensive with charts and matching as exactly as the distinguishes them. Click OK to to the
AM graphic reflects to and Printable with Selecting and to inches and to or If or of the and You the to to the of the with Selecting Follow these to options the or software. Access the software as or Click the You the Custom Click to graphics to and
AM Custom If the to Normal and of the to the right that with to that fits information. Click the to the of the The with with These than and with the the information. A4 B5 A5 A6 Envelope Envelope DL Envelope C6 B4 B3 A3 A3/B A2 US C instructions.) If or the of to choose the (from to the Dont the of and the of
AM The the of first, with as as inch and top as as inch This option with If of and the the The graphics to If and the first the without to the checkbox. The graphics to first. Select the of the the options. To oriented as shown of the following graphics, the options below To the of selected the Printable option to To the Click the to or or OK to Custom
AM Custom and NT, the and of inch (or inches. NT Creating You to and them to the the option. This such as You from to inches, and height (length) from to inches. Follow these to with the option: Follow the to the software and the Click the and to the of using the arrows or Click the option. You of the following boxes: or NT to characters) the field. Then and Height the To instead of inches, the option. finished, The appears the the and OK when
AM You the the field and the the Height field. Then OK You the The to the and selected as the the To or or NT Click the Then, the the the and or Height and/or Unit as necessary. Click OK when You the Click the Then, the and Height as necessary. Click OK when Selecting The and options software the The options and the the Follow the these sections selecting the Choosing and options Selecting options Custom
AM Custom graphic reflects to and Printable Choosing and Follow these to the and or the and You the Click the to the of the A4 B5 A5 Envelope Envelope C6 Envelope DL A6 EPSON Click to Click to options
AM The the of first, with as as inch and top as as inch If the the instructions. Select the of the the To oriented as shown of the following graphics, the options below To the of selected the Printable option to To the If to of or to the which printed, OK Then instructions. If finished selecting and OK to the Then from the to other and Custom
AM Custom Creating You to and them to the This such as You from to inches, and height (length) from to inches. Follow these to Follow the to the Click the You the following Click the New and Height and and buttons appear the the width and of the and Height If to from inches to the the New field, then OK The to the and selected as the the To the Then the of the and Click OK to to the
AM information the other the Selecting Follow these to the and and Click the You the options If of and the the The graphics to If and the first the without to the checkbox. The graphics to first. Click OK to the Custom
AM Custom options only when NT, or Macintosh. Selecting softwares options reduce or to You options to of and or and NT instructions, the section. instructions, Choosing Follow the these sections to options the and to the of from its softwares features to reduce or You the to the selected You choose to reduce or to selected Follow these to Follow the to the software and the Click the and the of the to
AM inches, This too to to to reducing the If inches, to the to to the If the selected within the that to or reduce the to manually. to If the selected than the that the following the the of the the and OK This and the reduction the fits the the select. Custom
AM Custom The selected reduction and appear the graphic. If to the or to If ready to to reduction Click the You the options
AM If selected that than the and then choose Normal, the software the to inches. You cant option using option to or Select of the following Select Normal to the to Select to to reduce or the to the the The option beneath the to option becomes active; the of the Select Custom to reduce or the to If finished selecting OK If to the and Only) If of the each of options the software. You choose the the the and to each Custom Select to then the of the
AM Custom You with the of selected and/or or Landscape. To first the as that instructions. Follow these to the To of of the or If the of the shown the graphic printed, to To the the Then the to from the that appears. If to each with the checkbox. If finished selecting OK If to options, the section. You to each to its or the should to of the to distributed to other of Click the to
AM selections the graphic shown If selected option (as appear each the Follow the the section below to or To the the The To the or appears, the button. You the following To the arrow the and choose of the following Priority Copy Copy Top Then to Custom Click to Click to created Specify to appear these options
AM Custom You to to 15MB With NT, the To to the the Then the and Click OK to the If the shown the graphic. If choose the the printed. To created as the You the following Click the You the Select to the containing the to the and OK the to characters the field. Click the to to the then OK The appears as the selected the and shown the graphic. the the to appear choosing the following The graphic to the choose. selects where the to appear Top-Right or Bottom-Right the of the or as the choose Black or You its Click to Then type and
AM the or of the (from to based where the If finished OK to the Choosing Follow the these sections to options the the to option and the to Option to the of from its softwares to option to to the selected Follow these to the to option: or software. the and You the Click the and the of the to inches, the option. Custom
AM Custom If to this the 6-inch EPSON the to option to reduce the to that If to this the inches), the to option to the to that Click OK to the the and Click the You the to options
AM You cant option the to option. Select of the following to options: Select to the to Select On to reduce or the to the the The option beneath the to option becomes active. the of the the This the reduction or to the the the selected The selected and appear beneath the graphic. If finished selecting options, OK If to options, the and If and of the each of options the software. You choose the the the and to each Select the the graphic displays the selected and Custom
AM Custom You only with the of selected and/or or Landscape. To first the as PICT that PICT instructions. Follow these to the options: To of of or the If the of the shown the graphic printed, to To the the arrow the Then the to If to each with the If finished selecting OK If to the section. You to each to its or the should to of the to distributed to other PICT of Click the arrow and
AM If selected option (as appear each the You to from PICT to 1MB To to the the Then the and Click to the To of the the arrow the the Then choose of the following Priority Not Copy Copy Top Then to To created as PICT the You the following Click the You selecting to the containing the PICT to the and The of PICT appears the field and to the Click the to the The appears as the selected the and shown the graphic. Click the to PICT Custom
AM Custom If displays the shown the graphic. If choose the the printed. the the to appear choosing the following The graphic to the choose. choose Black or You its the or of the (from to based where the To the and of the the the graphic. appear the corners of the graphic and the to hand. To the anywhere the graphic and of lower-right, or lower-left. To the the of the boxes; the to hand. Click and the to reduce or the If finished OK to the Click and anywhere to the Click and of the boxes to the
AM If the or when selected, the selected the to Custom This To to Custom the as group. Then them the You to or (Macintosh) of Follow these as this chapter. Click the the software You of the following: to characters) and the The choose the To the Advanced Then the Custom and the selected group. To or the Custom
AM Custom Custom To the options the follow these Select Advanced Then the of the to the Custom the as necessary. (If the and the to Custom this Click Then the of the the Custom If You the Click OK to (Click to On the Then the to (Click to Custom Select Advanced Then the the Custom and (You of the types.)
PM You only both the and the of the software includes You them to to and This chapter instructions the following: and NT and NT software offers to and and NT: EPSON and NT), which of as which appears each as You the or off and other options the button; which appears the the of the each as
PM The appears the when background to background and Additional features NT which information about and monitored. To network traffic, to the of that the There three to Click to the and EPSON Double-click the (when background the the right of Access the software from or the and the and the EPSON (This the only; the and Count title The of to appears appear
PM You the appearance of items the using the options or options the If them the clicking the or Count title Background turned to the Background and the Preferences instructions. If than to them the option the To memory and reduce traffic, to from the that to To this, the the and from the The of the the as follows: Ready to and/or and/or or or occurred Other options the or and or background each as the Preferences You the to each the Preferences There to the Click the the to highlight and the Click the the to highlight and Preferences from the Right-click the the and Preferences from the
PM Turn background or off the selected You the Preferences If or of the the when the selected when the appear If the the appear whenever or The of the the the type of as Click the to highlight then to the information the of the which to to slowly) Click to the Select and when to the while when and/or when
PM of what to appear If of this becomes active and the displays the right and the graphic the the of the There to the Double-click the the Click the the to or highlight and the from the Right-click the the and from the If currently the software, the then the EPSON instructions software, and You the clicking the the or the You the The and correction information. appear If troubleshooting appear
PM The to the only). Both allow to and information To the amount of the To information about and other the Information the To information the to the There to the Click the the to or highlight and the from the Right-click the the and from the You the Information currently or to appears These graphics the amount of
PM EPSON while Turn off background using EPSON the or or the as and the software to The options or of First the to or the to highlight or Background You background to to while other This or other occurred without If with or to EPSON background To or off background follow these using of these Click to the and EPSON Double-click the the the right of (when background Click the of the to background (or the The highlighted. the and Background
PM You the the You to them the Select from (to background the (to background right or Stop (to background the as You through the and without and This allows to of the following of of EPSON TCP/IP You this the software and to the Follow these to or Computer, the where EPSON located (ESM2 the and and Next If and TCP/IP to EPSON TCP/IP to with TCP/IP, and then Next If with NetWare, TCP/IP
PM If routers NetWare they the and the the of To this and to network to Select the type of printer(s) to and Next EPSON TCP/IP LPR NetWare Select to EPSON that Select Then Next If NetWare, the of to and Next of hops: the and Next Select and to Network The following sections information about EPSON that to the EPSON with the the If too the or too monitored, the significantly. To the to to the the to allow users to the they
PM The affects traffic. the the instructions. routers NetWare located routers to the or the NetWare the search the routers. there to routers, that the and If to routers, the of to installation. To the of hops, as About The Uninstalled Network shows that This option without their computers. If already and to this option, Selecting the You the software and whether to the the and To the software as below. Click to then
PM Right-click the EPSON COLOR and from the You the Click the You the Click the
PM You this Select the following High of of the using as cache. whether or the displayed when information the EPSON the of EPSON instead of using the If the this option; locally. Click OK to the and to the Then OK to software. If than You this
PM the The creates temporary and the C:\TEMP or C:\WINDOWS\TEMP The software then the to the right To while the EPSON COLOR that appears the the of the You the buttons The displays the of and them. To or the to highlight then of the buttons the of the If of Follow these to and Click the EPSON COLOR the Click Click the and
PM Additional NT NT and workstations include service to to or know when finished. If or from the or and the security, and options. NT software includes the and The when to the It allows to the background while to and to to It that from the the the section The when to the It displays to about information the the The the to software temporary the C:\TEMP or C:\WINDOWS\TEMP directory, and assigns to The software then the to the right
PM You the or the the to the To of the following: To while the EPSON the of You double-clicking the the EPSON group. You the The displays the of and them. You of the and the directory. Click the information. If of Follow these to and the as Click the and Then and
PM the Directory If while or slow, directory. directory where to C:\SPLTEMP. the as EPSON COLOR selected, and then choose from the The appears. the directory to the created this checked. Then OK Choose Directory from the the the directory to the created Then OK software includes and It includes If background when to the It while to Macintosh, track that to printed, and
PM The to that You to The to of and where The to while (however, background and You then the to and or them. To this to background and increase the memory as the section. the Chooser from the Apple and the SC 850(AT) Then the or Background On and the Chooser. To increase the memory EPSON the Then choose Info from the and the Memory to or RAM.
PM If and the the EPSON from the to release the and with While the EPSON the Application the right of the You the following currently Click to You track the with the and that currently or to and or To to the then the arrow the of the The Priority becomes active. Click the arrow and Normal or The or the of the You the to the of Follow these Choose or from the You
PM Click the You the information about these Chapter Click the EPSON The software the amount of the and displays the To the the To the OK Click to the
PM when these appear when these appear these Click to and/or Selecting You the the to and temporary the Follow these Choose or from the You Click the You the Click the You the Select the options as follows: whether to and text or text encounters Warning choose whether warning and text or text only. Click to the
PM Temporary and Temporary High the that the temporary and high created when to the Click the Select to the from the shown. Click the to software to Click the Check the to software to finishing OK to to the
AM users that the when or from the To EPSON and them. Other to covered EPSON warranty. Its easy to EPSON COLOR 850N its follow the instructions this chapter and the these Cleaning the heads the heads Cleaning the the Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020108 S020089 or EPSON (U.S. only). please and Transportation
AM and Transportation To the the heads hand. cleaning If cleaning when its light off or flashing, the cleans the heads, as If to the lights the too follow the instructions light to with the off and then back choose Black as the software. the Removing Empty Cartridge light flashing or Follow these You when the the turned and which to replaced. the and the cover. Then the cleaning to the the cover. or cleaning and three seconds. Press the light flashing. (The heads to their to within seconds.) The heads slightly and the or and cleaning
AM Dont the or to with Once cant it Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the The from its (Although the shows the the the the the of the and of it Follow the the section to the and Transportation
AM and Transportation You the from the top of the or permanently Its the tear off completely the the clear from the of the the New Cartridge Once the ready to the Follow these the from its only the of the top as shown below. Dont off the white or to the clear the the its with the facing and the arrow to the back of the Press the
AM off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than To the the heads hand. If to the other follow the Empty Cartridge, and then through the New Cartridge. Press the The the heads and charging the the charging seconds the light flashes, and the sounds. Charging about three finished, The Outdated Cartridge If than months to You that as as they If cleaning and the heads, or both or Follow these to the light flashing or the and the and the cover. cleaning buttons and them seconds the head to the Press both the To the follow the instructions with cleaning and seconds. the to the follow the instructions with To the the and Transportation and the cover. and
AM and Transportation off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Cleaning the Heads If unexpectedly light or or from the to clean the heads. This the they properly. Cleaning the heads them You the heads of the following With the Head Cleaning software (when From the buttons the Head Cleaning Follow these to the from or the turned and the and the as Chapter Click the or the You the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to or both heads. Cleaning both heads about four which the and the light flashes. the light flashing, to to the and the cleaning lights off.
AM off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the and or Confirmation (Macintosh). Then Next instructions examining the If the If this or three the the Follow these to the heads: the turned and and that the cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about which the and the the cover, then the light flashing, the other head necessary. the light flashing, to to the and the cleaning If connected directly to the to finished cleaning and the If DOS or and containing and Then to Access the as Chapter Then the or the You the Click the then Next. the section instructions examining the and Transportation and lights off. light flashes. or
AM and Transportation If the Head If the If this or three the Chapter the the It should something this, with the and Each and straight should with the If If as shown below, clean the heads instructions. the Heads If to the heads. You the heads of the following With the head the
AM thats least inches This from the and the EPSON the whenever the head the Head Follow these to the or the turned and loaded. Access the as Chapter Click the or the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to and the the Follow these to the heads: the turned off and loaded. Then the cover. cleaning and the Then release the buttons. the instruction to the instructions. the Press the buttons as instructed to The instructions the heads. Follow the instructions the to the heads. finished, turn off the to the and Transportation and the
AM and Transportation Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the Dont or the If the to to it and that To the when the Cleaning the To its should following these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. the cover closed Clean the with cloth. Transporting the If to to its Follow these Turn the and the heads the right Then off the the from the Then the from the the and from the the and the T-connector from the Ethernet Repack the and the the protective that with the Notice Sheet that with the to the as If the the heads; the heads. the instructions this chapter.
PM This Ethernet tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference which the to the interference his This with of the FCC to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes FCC United States WARNING the Ethernet Card
PM the Ethernet Card the information the to the Ethernet Card EPSON COLOR 850N includes EPSON Ethernet interface This allows to to 10BASE-T or 10BASE2 If NT or with NetWare, NT or with TCP/IP, or with the with the instructions the If using other operating and follow the instructions this chapter. This chapter about: the Card DLC NT OS/2 UNIX NetWare the Routing NetWare EPSON DOS Additional TCP/IP the Card The Ethernet interface Ethernet (10BASE-T) or Ethernet thin (10BASE2)
PM light The LED lights the Ethernet The information about the and its the light light The following sections to the Reading the Lights the Ethernet Card the Ethernet Card The information about Ethernet including the: (MAC DLC NetWare TCP/IP To the and then the the Ethernet Card Ethernet Ethernet thin (10BASE-T) (10BASE2)
PM the Ethernet Card Reading the Lights The lights the Ethernet with the and The light when the The and lights the following: together and Ethernet Ethernet the On Normal ready On On the Ethernet Card the Ethernet lights to the memory. Press the the about seconds. Then Turn the off, seconds, and then
PM Dont outlet switch or or that the as This the which memory or the supply. the Card You to the the following The first the to EPSON the its incorrect. You the To the the turned off (the should and the properly grounded outlet while pressing the least three seconds. To to their factory the while the the DLC NT If NT the Ethernet with the DLC operating Follow the instructions below to DLC and the Ethernet to the Ethernet Card
PM the Ethernet Card To that the DLC correctly, the of Network Software the Network the DLC NT and follow these to DLC: the Double-click the Network Click the and then Select DLC from the Select Network and OK Follow the instructions the and the Ethernet Card the DLC follow these to the and NT Double-click then the Double-click the Select then Next. Click Select whatever DLC then New If necessary, NT CD-ROM or the the the the the as existing such as LPT1.
PM Select the from the Card this matches the the Click the and the Based option. Then Click Next then follow the instructions the the DLC OS/2 To EPSON to the OS/2 Warp or with or TCP/IP. EPSON OS/2 the following RPRINT3, RSTAT3LPT redirection REMPRT3, REMBEU, TCP/IP RPRINT, RSTATLPT redirection REMPRT, Redirection to the To redirect the workstations to sheet the Ethernet to the as then follow these the EPSON COLOR 850N CD-ROM workstations OS/2 the Ethernet Card
PM the Ethernet Card If the LPT1. If the and the to with LPT1. the OS/2 directory CD-ROM and to the REDIRECT directory TCP/IP, type CD TCPIP\REDIRECT and type CD NETBEUI\REDIRECT and Copy the redirection to directory. TCP/IP, RPRINT.EXE and RSTAT.EXE RPRINT3.EXE and RSTAT3.EXE the STARTUP.CMD directory to include the RPRINT command as the the TCP/IP, type the following: RPRINT type the following: RPRINT3 each to redirect. the workstation. to the workstation redirected to the EPSON COLOR specified the STARTUP.CMD entry. Redirected You each redirected workstation the RSTAT command to the OS/2 TCP/IP, type RSTAT type RSTAT3
PM If redirected, RSTAT to the following: ITC Remote active ITC active Ready ITC Remote active Ready to the To first to the software to then the and its Copying the Software following the instructions to the Then follow these to the software to the EPSON CD-ROM or workstations OS/2 command service directory MD C:\EPNET the the OS/2 directory the CD-ROM or and to the PIPES directory network TCP/IP, type CD TCPIP\PIPE and type CD NETBEUI\PIPE and the Ethernet Card
PM the Ethernet Card REMSTAT.EXE REMSTAT3.EXE Choose that the such as 850NPRN. You to characters, cant of the following: If to shared that from other workstations, the IBMNULL or MSNULL To the to to, choose the Copy the the PIPES directory to the service directory the CD-ROM or D): TCP/IP, type: COPY D:\OS2\TCPIP\PIPE\*.* C:\EPNET type: COPY D:\OS2\NETBEUI\PIPE\*.* C:\EPNET CD\EPNET to to the service directory. service directory these TCP/IP ADDPORT.CMD ADDPORT.CMD the DELPORT.CMD DELPORT.CMD from the PORTCHG.EXE PORTCHG.EXE to or REMPRT.EXE REMPRT3.EXE Remote Service REMDRV.EXE REMDRV3.EXE Remote Service the Remote Service Follow these to service: OS/2 from the to the service directory CD\EPNET the ADDPORT to the If necessary, the and attached to workstation. OS/2 information.
PM the service directory: TCP/IP, type: REMPRT type: REMPRT3 To that service each workstation, the STARTUP.CMD directory to include the the TCP/IP, type: \EPNET\REMPRT REMPRT.INI type: \EPNET\REMPRT3 REMPRT3.INI the LAN Administration (NET ADMIN) to to the of shared OS/2 information. You each workstation the REMSTAT command: TCP/IP, type REMSTAT type REMSTAT3 the REMSTAT command, to these: ITC Remote active 850NPRN ITC Remote active Ready the Ethernet Card
PM the Ethernet Card Remote service the to the to the workstations The the shared the of its Ethernet and each workstation the assigned The STARTUP.CMD that the service each the workstation. Several Workstations To or IBM workstations, to each workstation instead of each following these Complete the Copying the Software From workstations service directory, the ADDPORT to the first workstation and then workstations. the service directory: TCP/IP, type: REMPRT type: REMPRT3 that workstations might the following: REMPRT PORTA PORTB STARTUP.CMD workstations directory to include the REMPRT and the the TCP/IP, type: \EPNET\REMPRT REMPRT.INI type: \EPNET\REMPRT REMPRT3.INI If necessary, the LAN Administration (NET ADMIN) to the to the of shared OS/2 information.
PM UNIX The Ethernet UNIX commands and from the without the The EPSON COLOR 850N as TCP/IP Ethernet with or the the the to as as the the and IP its directory. The following sections to and the with UNIX: the as Network the as Remote with UNIX with Other UNIX the as Network the IP the Ethernet and the the of the as the to them the the Ethernet from the IP and the IP that assign to the Ethernet the Ethernet Card
PM the Ethernet Card If know what IP to the Ethernet Then, follow these to the the ARP that assigns IP to the of the Ethernet as follows: <IP this: 00-00-48-92-BD-9A to the with the IP as follows: <IP this: You to the following: Reply from bytes=32 TTL=30 Reply from bytes=32 TTL=30 Reply from bytes=32 TTL=30 Reply from bytes=32 TTL=30 This shows that the Ethernet correctly. the /etc/hosts the to include the IP and Ethernet as follows: <IP <Ethernet include this to the responding. You of the following: <IP
PM If UNIX the If with Other UNIX If the ready to If and the IP to the as the IP the /etc/hosts If the IP to the correctly. the as the as to as Follow these the to include as follows: the following command: PRINTRA:\ On the type the redirected to the EPSON COLOR 850N, the Ethernet then the to the If to the to the below), the option. Remote options LPR options ASCII with with ASCII with feed the information as follows: <Ethernet option> <path>/<remote the Ethernet Card
PM the Ethernet Card characters, to to the EPSON COLOR 850N (with Ethernet of and redirected from as PRINTRA, which ASCII with type the following: and each option each to and each. with UNIX Once the or to from workstation. The EPSON COLOR 850N combined with the received while the and rotation. The to back information the of the and If the when respond. to If to include the of to ASCII the To back to type the You to the of the FEED or
PM Follow these to using to the EPSON COLOR 850N To the type the following with commands or to to to ASCII with appended, type: feed with Other UNIX Not UNIX the The sections below cover and with the of UNIX. SCO UNIX SCO UNIX The the following allow to from within using which that TCP/IP. The the following directory: the Ethernet Card
PM the Ethernet Card If with the SCO (SYSADMSH), the to the following directory: /usr/spool/lp/admins/lp/interfaces You directly interface directory, or type the following: INTERFACESCRIPT PRINTER the and INTERFACESCRIPT the containing the interface while /tmp/ftp.$$ /tmp/ftp.$$ /tmp/ftp.$$ $NETPRINTER /tmp/ftp.$$ /tmp/ftp.$$ of
PM The following should the as the the TEMPFILE=/tmp/ftpprint.$$ >$TEMPFILE <<EOF $TEMPFILE EOF $TEMPFILE intercepts the and another interface this the the options to redirect the to temporary The then with the and the temporary to the The temporary then IBM AIX AIX the function, which using the SMIT Follow these Complete the the as Network and the as SMIT as and to the To the Remote and the following Devices Services Remote Remote the Ethernet Card
PM the Ethernet Card information to the below, the of EPSON first first the Destination Pathname Pathname of C82331_PRT the It the and MANAGE LOCAL PRINTER SUBSYSTEM and LOCAL PRINTER QUEUES to the The following the host=200.200.200.99 If the to include with the following the Remote option> to the type: Remote
PM HP-UX You or to from HP-UX You the SAM to both. SAM, IP and the /etc/hosts the as Network information assigning IP and RLP On the of SAM, the following /etc/hosts Nothing or Remote Council Remote as Class Nothing Council Nothing Remote BSD Nothing To or the following: FTP with HP-UX Follow these to with HP-UX: the following: the Ethernet Card
PM the Ethernet Card type: the following: /sed s%$MODEL #This when the the PERIPH= ($PERIPH=) then PERIPH=$MODEL fi #Path of the and write to temporary $REALMODEL $@TMPPATH peripheral, switch to and the temporary $TMPPATH $PERIPH ERRSTAT=$? $TMPPATH $ERRSTAT of NetWare You the of three NetWare: or This section offers of these each of these covered the
PM the Ethernet and service to and VAP Process) or NLM (NetWare required. from the assigns the to the ready, the acting as the the to the The Ethernet operates NetWare servicing the round fashion. of the priority, the Ethernet services the first those The encrypted This the highest while the security, and of NetWare Remote the Ethernet workstation RPRINTER and operates the of NetWare The workstation PSERVER or At the interface to to the and as of that To this, to know which to to, and which of that to This to specifying these the RPRINTER (or to interactively choose them from the RPRINTER You these the Ethernet with the EPSON Once the interface these which that normally to the Ethernet Card
PM the Ethernet Card this once, the of installation. as with the Remote than The of Remote that to required, this installations with Each NetWare to and the Ethernet switching and operation, If the the as the the of the and operates as If the Ethernet switches to To the Ethernet as it as both and the Ethernet to the Ethernet workstation RPRINTER the Routing NetWare If NetWare to the IPX routing to RIP/SAP the Ethernet to to the Follow these the NetWare At the type
PM This of KB of memory. to and them to EPSON From the Product and From the Other Items/Products Network and From the and From the IPX and the IPX the Routing to RIP/SAP If NLSP with RIP/SAP and then RIP/SAP and EPSON DOS If NetWare, EPSON DOS the EPSON COLOR 850N CD-ROM and the DOS COPY COPY D:\FILENAME.* to the following to directory or to D:\EPSONNET\DOS\EPNWDE.EXE D:\EPSONNET\DOS\EPNWDE.DAT to EPSON to the Ethernet the Ethernet Card
PM the Ethernet Card the of these active when this Additional TCP/IP The following information and TCP/IP: Microsoft (Redmond: Microsoft Press, ISBN: Microsoft NT Workstation (Redmond: Microsoft Press, ISBN: and TCP/IP City: IDG Worldwide Inc., ISBN: These useful information TCP/IP: of TCP/IP Macintosh): Newsgroups comp.os.os2.networking.tcpip TCP/IP
PM or other The first thing should the following the this chapter. Then the the fixed. This chapter covers the following and software Fixing and other Uninstalling the software of to To the the lights the You the to instructions, 95/NT or (Macintosh). Troubleshooting
PM Troubleshooting To whether the caused the instructions. You the to instructions. the information, the and the ReadMe the or If of the this chapter to and then software, instructions. If of the this chapter EPSON as Where to the Introduction. Checking the Lights cleaning cleaning Follow these when the lights or flash: the light flashes the Turn off the and the Then the the light or incorrectly loaded. the and then the light light light light
PM thats least inches This from the and light flashes supply light to the instructions. the light and light flash and the other lights information. the lights internal information. You to whether the from the or other If the satisfactory, the software the interface or If the correctly, with the this chapter both the and turned off. the from the the or the the cleaning and the the buttons the light to flash, then release them. The the first and of of then (shown and of and the To the turn off the Then the and and Troubleshooting
PM Troubleshooting You the to know to the to technical Follow these the turned off and the cover. cleaning and the the The the top of and then or from as The the Turn off the to Quality If that or of the following: Clean the heads following the instructions Chapter higher Chapter of EPSON Match the the software to the type of the Then the software other the Chapter Turn off High the as Chapter and the
PM Printed The match the The of the the and with the instructions. The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. The the The MicroWeave or MicroWeave option turned or appears. The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. The High Turn off the High turned information. The heads the Head Chapter instructions. turned off the software, as Chapter the as Chapter the of the lights first.) to the matches the Chapter instructions. and lights to which to Chapter Turn MicroWeave or MicroWeave the More information. and Troubleshooting
PM Troubleshooting The incorrect or The option to the to Chapter instructions. Black The match the The of the the and with the instructions. The and options incorrectly type. The ICM or ColorSync (Macintosh) incorrect The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. The or or empty. The match the The software The or The head Clean the heads. Chapter instructions. clogged. The match the the matches the Chapter instructions. the the following the instructions Chapter the or choose Chapter information. and lights to which to Chapter instructions. the and to cant exactly match the the ICM or ColorSync (Macintosh) to as match as information. You to software. software information. the matches the Chapter instructions.
PM The the and with the or instructions. The the The or smeared. The thickness the thickness to the and the Chapter instructions. The or the the and with the instructions. You Follow the instructions and without the that You to or other The match the the Clean the to Chapter instructions. using the High and MicroWeave with head. The of If photographic or rough, try using the too PhotoEnhance (PhotoEnhance to the quality. Chapter and lights to which to Chapter instructions. or the C. If the heads as Chapter the matches the Chapter instructions. Turn off High following the instructions Chapter the Head following the instructions Chapter Increase the using software, or the of the Troubleshooting
PM Troubleshooting lights off. The these the Turn off the and the securely. the outlet switch or and the light nothing The interface Turn off and Then the connected securely. connected securely and the specifications. The internal Turn off the and the interface and as The or software incorrectly. enough memory to the If the first that: The turned and the the The thats switch or The securely connected to the and the and securely connected. If cant the following If the and software installation. of the following: the of Select or or memory to light
PM the Chapter instructions. NT, the The heads or the too The light flashing or If flashing, the and follow the as If or or the and as the incorrectly. and Chapter Then the or If flashing, the supply You to the indicated instructions. If the You the indicated to to empty. Chapter instructions. The and the Press the occurred. On Macintosh, or the EPSON and then Clean the heads; Chapter instructions. If cleaning the information and instructions, to off the light and light flashing or lights flashing. about seconds. Then Turn the off, seconds, and then turn and If the cleared, EPSON as the Introduction. Troubleshooting
PM Troubleshooting the lights flashing. You the from the internal Turn off seconds, and turn If occurred. the lights or EPSON as the Introduction. The finished charging the the light flashing. The Press the to isnt following the instructions the the Notice Sheet the The to If the or the light flashing than the off. If the light flashing when back EPSON as the Introduction. The software with correctly to software correctly the following the instructions the Notice the Software If with software, first that selected as the or as the the Chooser; the instructions. If with software, the following the software as then the software, as the
PM software, the New operating Click and then OK occurred. other option the New You If or the caused temporary only). too to the enough memory the You memory You to increase the memory EPSON or both. the appear. You restarted You both of that the the and the other that Uninstall and as the the directory only), following the instructions Chapter of the following: the of Select or or memory to Choose Info from the when the active or EPSON selected and increase the memory information. If that off background to Click the and to Then Troubleshooting
PM Troubleshooting using off background instructions.) Then back when finished The isnt the of to the information. too software the the following: options incorrectly. Quality to Turn MicroWeave off. Turn High Choose Black Choose and information. To the following: enough Clear or Dont too the Turn off memory. Increase memory (RAM) CPU. background Select EPSON and choose Info from the to increase the Memory EPSON Chapter information. If that off background to appear the Chooser (Macintosh). conflicts. Network The SC 850AT used appears The software and the software as corrupted. Then, the GX, EPSON and SC 850AT, and Macintosh. GX the EPSON and SC 850AT and then
PM feed. this Then this the of that the from the or creased. Too Chapter or information.) Loaded the arrow the the (If the the this Then this the of the isnt too thin the specifications from the C). the of the of to the the as the and If too of or the both the software and Chapter information. Fixing To the following: smooth, high-quality that the specifications C. Follow and instructions included with the the with the as the and Chapter If light flashing, Then the as the and Chapter the to the Troubleshooting
PM Troubleshooting the this Then this Turn off the cover, and the thats including that torn off. or If the the If when the or too thin. the following the instructions the and Chapter If frequently, smooth, high-quality the and then the beneath the arrow the the to the of to the Then the software. instructions. Press the the C of thicknesses with, as as
PM Characters incorrect or selected or as the selected the Chooser as the the Chooser. the the NT). On the or the EPSON and then Chapter instructions. The Turn off and Then the securely connected. connected securely and the Ethernet specifications. conflicting with the EPSON The inverted as You Turn off the or option. software or the software. instructions. The or incorrect. The and/or the and the the options incorrectly. NT, or only). Chapter instructions. the and options software. Printout If what expected, these Select or as the or instructions. to VGA or instructions). If correct, with the or Troubleshooting
PM Troubleshooting The incorrect. Margins incorrectly software instructions selecting software. the the within the of the C specifications. the software incorrect of other and off enough memory. background You to increase the memory EPSON or both. The selected or as the selected Select the Chooser as the the Chooser. the software incorrect The head Clean the heads following the instructions Chapter clogged. Check the the to theyre Chapter information. Choose Info from the when the active and increase the memory information. as the or instructions. the the to theyre Chapter information.
PM EPSON the Ethernet The the the instructions. Ethernet incorrect. The the software correct. correctly. The the and they connected correctly. connected and/or terminated correctly. the with EPSON or software NetWare). the to as If cant, the interface the to On C-7 instructions. EPSON You or EPSON The software Uninstall EPSON as Then correctly. EPSON as the the the installation. Network If the cant the Ethernet or the or isnt to first that: The turned and the the (such as the and the from to the and correctly. the correctly 10BASE2 and 10BASE-T and terminated correctly 10BASE2 the software and and correctly. If the following Uninstall EPSON as Then EPSON as the light Troubleshooting
PM Troubleshooting The IP correctly the computers. The IP the to they conflicting or incorrect. IP and that they the ID (the first of the IP they the and to the used). The IP correctly and that connected directly to the the (UNIX or You typed the the command. The the and the and the Ethernet connected correctly. turned and correctly. If 10BASE2 (thin it terminated correctly. The IP the previous correctly. cant with the Ethernet The of the and the or incorrectly. You the following turned connected, terminated necessary), and correctly: Ethernet Routers Hubs other the and the If directly connected to the to of IP from the conflicts with other the If IP TCP/IP or to the and the from the and the correctly. the of the and the EPSON that the of the as the to its Ethernet
PM NT cant The to or You to and NetWare The or the Ethernet to the NetWare You NetWare the routers. The of Increase the of the of to as appear the Chooser (Macintosh). EtherTalk selected the Network or the the CREATOR OWNER clicking the the or the CREATOR OWNER to (the Select the and the to the DOS Then NT instructions the and path. each of the and Also, the Ethernet to the NetWare If information about NetWare through and NetWare without EtherTalk selected the Network with EtherTalk the and active the Chooser. Troubleshooting
PM Troubleshooting If and then the software or NT, the as or and NT cant the software with the NT to from Uninstalling Software If of the this chapter to and then software, follow the this section. To software UNIX, OS/2, and DOS, operating or instructions. 95/NT Instructions Double-click the then the Double-click To the software only), EPSON Software the To EPSON the To EPSON EPSON the Click the Follow the instructions the to software. To software, the Software Instructions Double-click the then the Double-click Select EPSON COLOR the and the To software, the
PM To EPSON from the EPSON that created and to Trash EPSON Instructions Double-click the Select the C:\EPNET (or wherever EPSON Select from the OK and then the EPSON Then from the and to the EPSON group. Instructions the EPSON software CD-ROM Double-click the Then Click the arrow the the top showing and from the Click the the of the Follow the instructions the to the software. To software, the Troubleshooting
PM To the software using the CD-ROM, If the CD-ROM CD-ROM that to the OS/2, or DOS, to the from the CD the of software and A-4.) The following sections to and to the software: the Creation Copying Manually EPSON the Software the Software the Creation ready, then follow these to the EPSON Creation the EPSON COLOR 850N CD-ROM and the A-1
PM You the EPSON If the appear, to and the CD-ROM to the EPSON Select which and OK You the following: The the of and the necessary. Click Next A-2
PM If the both the and the You to the following: Click Copy to the first You showing the as the to the when the first finished, the to each as of If to than the and Copy this third necessary. the finished copying, and then OK created the the software reading the sections that A-4. A-3
PM Directory* EPSON DOS D:\EPSONNET\DOS EPSON OS/2 D:\EPSONNET\OS2\ Addport.cmd, NETBEUI\PIPES Portchg.exe, EPSON OS/2 D:\EPSONNET\OS2\ (Redirection) NETBEUI\REDIRECT EPSON OS/2 TCP/IP D:\EPSONNET\OS2\ Addport.cmd, TCPIP\PIPES Portchg.exe, EPSON OS/2 TCP/IP D:\EPSONNET\TCPIP\ (Redirection) REDIRECT EPSON Software and EPSON CD-ROM D. Copying Manually If and to the below to the directory the CD-ROM where located: the from the CD-ROM to EPSON If the following and operating should EPSON to the NT or with NetWare NT with TCP/IP with (EtherTalk) EPSON EPSON A-4
PM with both NT and EPSON NT If with only TCP/IP and EPSON TCP/IP (included with to the Ethernet and the the the EPSON the EPSON or NT then from the NetWare, type A:\WINDOWS\INSTALL and OK (If A, the NT and TCP/IP, type A:\WNT\INSTALL and OK (If A, the Follow the instructions the to the EPSON to NetWare or NT and TCP/IP EPSON EPSON the EPSON Double-click the to and EPSON to the created. EPSON to as A-5
PM You the If TCP/IP EPSON TCP/IP the as the first of You to the the EPSON that each that the the and the EPSON COLOR of EPSON Follow these to EPSON Click then A:\SETUP and OK and Next appears where to Click Next to the directory or choose directory and Next If and TCP/IP to EPSON TCP/IP to with TCP/IP, and then Next If with NetWare, TCP/IP Select the type of printer(s) to and Next EPSON TCP/IP NetWare Select to EPSON that Select Then Next A-6
PM If routers NetWare they the and the the of To this and to network to If workstations, or EPSON to off background You should the of that the however, to If NetWare, the of to and Next of hops: Check the and Next to the software. the the the Complete and EPSON COLOR Follow to the those the Complete appears, and right-click the background the Click This off background which with EPSON when the to turn background A-7
PM instructions software, Chapter this the Software Follow these to software: or NT then from the Click OK and follow the instructions the to software. to LPT1. You to to follow the to as and of the Software Follow these to software: Turn and and off protection the and the that appears. Double-click the Follow the instructions the and To the to the EPSON COLOR AT the Chooser and A-8
PM EPSON offers of EPSON COLOR 850N from to and other creative To purchase EPSON You purchase EPSON and from EPSON (U.S. only). please to the this Cartridge type Black S020108 S020089 EPSON and other EPSON S041060/S041028 A4 S041059/S041025 EPSON High Quality S041111 A4 S041117 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Quality S041124 A4 S041126 EPSON B-1 S041062/S041029 S041061/S041026 S041067/S041048
PM EPSON EPSON and other EPSON Quality A4 (A6) EPSON A4 EPSON (CD-ROM and EPSON EPSON Quality (A6) S041054 Cards S041122 EPSON S041064 A4 S041063 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 EPSON Iron-On SE41001, SE41002 EPSON Iron-on Cool S041153/S041155 (A6) (A6) B-2 S041072 S041071 S041107 S041134 S041141 S041104 S041145 S041144-KIT S041144
PM yellow) Printable and C Character pitch (characters inch) condensed) condensed) CR (inches second) Technical Specifications (characters second) Normal C-1
PM Technical Specifications 32KB Bidirectional with text and graphics ESC/P and expanded graphics IBM X24E 1/6-inch 1/8-inch or 1/360-inch milliseconds 1/3-inch Character and graphics character Character international character and character EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Scalable EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON and You other ESC/P commands. from to and four and The the with software You to the internal allow to C-2
PM type Thickness sheets inches) A4 A5 B5 inches) inches) inches) and inches inches) A4 inches) and iron-on cool A6 with distributed EPSON Notes: the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or or and these to 77F to 25C) Humidity: to RH and these to 86F to 30C) Humidity: to RH and distributed EPSON inches) A4 A6 only) and distributed EPSON distributed EPSON A4 inches; iron-on cool only) sheets and cool distributed EPSON to inch to to to and to inch to to inch to inch C-3 Technical Specifications
PM Technical Specifications B-L Envelope sheets and B-R C The top inch of the top inches BL The inch BR The right inch and inches inch DL inch other C The inch B-L, B-R A: The top inch BL, BR: The and right inch C: The inch B-L EPSON 6-inch perforations) C C-4 B-R C
PM the first first. Cartridges Specification Black (S020108) (S020089) Color(s) Black and capacity* (A4 text Normal (ISO/IEC Cartridge years from and to within months C F) to F to C) month F C) to C to F) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) 2.1(D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) (W) (D) (H) The capacity the head cleaning function. Also, graphics and text with white The thaws and approximately hours F C). To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. the the B-L B-R A: The top inch BL: The inch BR: The right inch C: The inch C (A4 Normal each C-5 Technical Specifications EPSON
PM Technical Specifications Mechanical Friction with of Width: inches Depth: inches inches without the to F to C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) to RH to RH (without UL with D3, CSA with D3 Width: inches Depth: inches inches when inches when Specification 120V 240V 103.5V to 132V 198V to 264V Rated to to Rated 0.4A 0.2A (ISO/IEC IT with Phase to Phase 220240V C-6
PM EMC FCC CSA C108.8 DOS Black only LQ-870/1170 LQ-570(+)/1070(+) SQ-870/1070 LQ-850 LQ-500 and EPSON PRO EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR II LQ-860 LQ-2550 If the EPSON COLOR 850N from software of the other EPSON ESC/P Choose the first from the following You the following from the Font T, H, Pitch I/F Option I/F seconds, seconds Software ESC/P IBM X24E CR (IBM only) On AGM (IBM only) On Character PC437, PC850, PC860, PC861, PC863, PC865, BRASCII, ISO International character U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, On C-7 Technical Specifications
PM Technical Specifications Follow these to the the ESC/P Reference information about these ESC/P commands. Network I/F On Loading Others On the off and loaded. The summary of instructions and choosing the to instructions. the cleaning to of and instructions. Press the the the off to the The them operation: ESC ESC U, ESC EM feeding: CR, FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC motion: ESC ESC ESC V, ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, ESC J, VT Font selection: ESC ESC ESC X, ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: ESC ESC ESC Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC cleaning and the C-8
PM IBM X24E This the IBM with the following commands. information, X24E reference Character Graphics: ESC G, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Color: ESC ESC ESC operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC (AGM*), ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (AGM*), CR ESC C, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC J, ESC (AGM*) Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP, ESC Character ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC (AGM*) Graphics character the as the PC437 through 7F. Additional characters through FF. You the following character through the or software commands: PC PC850 PC860 PC861 (Icelandic) PC863 (Canadian-French) PC865 (Nordic) C-9 Specifications
PM Technical Specifications International You of international character with the character or the ESC command. Other only selected with the ESC command. You characters with the ESC command. Ethernet Card Interface type Interface Ethernet IEEE 10BASE2 RG58A/U BNC Network software NetWare or Operation: to F to C) Humidity Operation: to RH EMC FCC MTFB hours hours) BRASCII ISO characters IEEE 10BASE-T straight-through twisted RJ45 EtherTalk DLC TCP/IP to F to C) month F C) hours F C) to RH C-10
PM Network that of the TCP/IP TCP/IP character of numbers, and that with the characters characters inch of the of text characters, to as pitch. The of or 10BASE-T twisted-pair 10BASE2 thin The that appear printed MicroWeave The of the memory to CMYK and These to ColorSync software that to WYSIWIG (what what This software as them To the of or or that when the turned or initialized. G-1
PM This halftoning smooths of EtherTalk connecting to Ethernet dithering halftoning which Dithering with such as charts and inch. The the software that instructions to peripheral to what to from and instructions to the to this ESC/P This of commands of from It EPSON and computers. ESC/P The of the ESC/P Commands this features, such as and graphics Ethernet that allows to that that other access. of gateway connected to than that and information from to the other(s). of from to white. to when with only.
PM the to its This every or the MicroWeave that to reduce the of The of or peripheral interface interface. halftoning of to to of using or nearly of using only of physical that and information from or to the others the of which each or precisely second. This to the head IPX/SPX Network NetWare. LPR which printed, such as and of that such as or that with that from G-3
PM that to the while or they printed. the information and The as when through NetWare. The of which the It than the physical of the of which the of the character from character to character. than lowercase that connected directly to the and chooses specified when turned The of inch to The higher the or the and the that or reduced. Non-scalable cant This as they appear instead of them as halftones. Also, the EPSON Software that allows to the of from its of and that to to another and to To to its command, INIT or turning the off and then back router that of and when and where to information from each to the others.
PM interface interface software that that software that allows to the such as the amount of thin 10BASE2. This twisted 10BASE-T. This Ethernet to of or The IP TCP/IP of (TCP and IP) that and the of that the the of the to interference. G-5