Printed EPSON
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other printers. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Approved Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON, EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. PhotoEnhance, EPSON Software, and EPSON of America, Inc. and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. CPD-10637R1 Copyright America, Inc. Copyright Notice
EPSON and Cartridges EPSON and to the photo that earned of their awards! EPSON specially coated to with that when of immediately them. There smearing or and and smooth. the and of and of Perfect of snapshots, art, and Heavyweight Quality Bright white, with smooth to Perfect and and EPSON Cartridges the back cover of EPSON and and information. Heavyweight, bright white, smooth coated with finish. Perfect photographs, and crafts. EPSON Black T019201 (U.S.), or T019311 T020201 (U.S.), or T020311 information other EPSON products and ideas, the EPSON SM www.epson.com
EPSON or the office or With of to anything from reports and to and with About To and its software, the This information, and instructions with or the and To learn information about and software, Reference Instructions Reference Notes, and Please follow these to to to Notes information about hints The EPSON and EPSON functionally to the EPSON Therefore, this to the as the EPSON
software CD-ROM includes Reference The HTML browsersuch as Microsoft or or or laterto If using the correctly. included the software CD-ROM. You Reference from the CD-ROM or to and from there. Follow these software CD-ROM. Double-click CD-ROM then the EPSON Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM then the EPSON The appears: Click Click The appears: You the from the CD-ROM Reference or the to Reference and from there. the the section.
If the to as follows: Select EPSON and ESC880 the EPSON and Reference first the Reference this Click to the of Click topic the to the of expanding the of the topic to If theres right arrow to then topic to to Click the arrow to to Click to to topic If of graphic when Reference the to the graphic.
or both of the software CD-ROM includes helpful SM that these and other Follow these to software CD-ROM. Double-click CD-ROM then the EPSON Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM then the EPSON The appears: Click EPSON then Watch The appears: Click the the to If necessary, option the The Click
from to what to to as or photograph from the to selecting to the Follow the instructions with (below) If already with to these topics: advanced selecting the type with This section the with (To Loading and turned the right and the the to this arrow the right
Follow these when the Its whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the If instructions. the Software and ready to software From the You slightly the following selections the EPSON COLOR selected. If the (If or Then the If the instead of selecting from the the option to the software Select Click to software
Selecting Software Once software The thing to to the the The affects the other options choose. If necessary, the to the shown below: the following the Choose the the arrow to the If which to select, the option to to To text Black the option to This the software the Its the to of the the to Quality or This choose higher or (or the (The when selected.) selected OK to to Select the type of Select the Select Select or higher-quality or Click OK
information about the right-click item the and then Whats This?. Selecting the You The apply to the currently If usually type of applicationsfor with the You this using the Click to and then Right-click the EPSON COLOR Select or NT, or Preferences Then the Select the to applications. Click OK when finished. that the when to of At the OK (or to Click OK to
the appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You appear advanced and information printingfor the or Reference This section the basic Macintosh. (To with Loading and turned the right and the the Click to Click to or to this arrow the right
Follow these when the Its whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the If instructions. the Software and ready to and other software From the You slightly Select and Printable the following selections the EPSON SC selected. (If the incorrect, to the Chooser; the instructions.) Select the and Printable Reference Click OK to the and to Click OK
Selecting Software the and You the slightly The thing to to the the The affects the other options choose. the following the Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to to To text Black the option to This the software the Its the to of the the to Quality or This choose higher or (or the (The when selected.) selected to Select Select or higher-quality or the type of Select the
Once clicked If turned background EPSON from the Application the right of the to the of You the EPSON Click to Click Then to the below and If using background to the the and the type through information printingfor advanced the or Reference Click to Click to
Advanced software includes advanced that the following Enhancing below Custom Advanced Custom software includes PhotoEnhance options that and to the appearance of low-resolution and improperly PhotoEnhance effects. To PhotoEnhance, the option to PhotoEnhance If photograph with Correction to You from of photographs, such as People and Nature or effects, such as Soft or tint. PhotoEnhance affects PhotoEnhance with PhotoEnhance with Black selected. with PhotoEnhance
Custom EPSON software includes with options of as or These options the type of and or color-matching the of options the choose and type Click then to type choose and type Click then to type
You from these types: Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and rough of text ICM and only): created ICM recommended only with or created such as those the World ColorSync only): with ColorSync and Advanced Custom settingssuch as Quality and and effects. To these software, Custom and then the Advanced
them as them whenever The of the to or increased with the Reference as You to first and them the right and the them. each or the thickness to the when or other thick the to the Select as the and choose the as the If the smears or (light turning off High the Advanced Reference instructions the and thick
Double-Sided You both of each with the option EPSON software. This section includes instructions You with Reference instructions. that the type of and the amount of through to the other of the Double-sided when the You to of If to three sections of sheets), sheets), and The software and If of of the first sections and the section. That appear the of Follow these or another software as and Choose Double-Sided the EPSON COLOR Choose Double-Sided the The the first, with
the first of the printed, to the the of without the of the and the with the with the top first, as shown. Click The the animated of the this topic, as the and To EPSON included free the EPSON Quality Instructions the the following of EPSON and information, the back cover.
EPSON Heavyweight EPSON Heavyweight professional-looking, and graphics to as including beneath the Heavyweight as the EPSON You EPSON to photographs that as as the from processing. of the following when using EPSON the with the whiter facing to of 6-inch, or or of it included the Select as the To their them resealable or other airtight covering and them from heat, humidity, and sunlight. to the as as Preserving EPSON EPSON specially to with to that as as photographs when protected from light photo or EPSON or mounted the the UV light protection than other photo the type and of the light to, EPSON or years noticeable fading light or increase protected or
Choosing the Correct the software. the below the should The the to the coverage the type of The the as the of To using the the below or the instructions that with this Select this sheets or EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Cards EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight If with cleaning the cleaning with this the The of location. Quality Quality
This section to its and Follow the instructions cleaning the head (below) the head cleaning the the as and Reference as Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head only You the head the Head Cleaning (when the connected to as below. You the head using the buttons, as shown and Reference the Its to turn least once month to quality. If with cleaning the cleaning sheet with it the Follow these to the Head Cleaning the turned and both the lights off. (If light flashing, the instead.) and
If the as or with click to then Right-click EPSON COLOR the Then or NT, or Preferences Click the Macintosh: Click the On the the Head Cleaning button. Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the light flashing, to the head clean and the cleaning the the and Then Next The below If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the Quality You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the the Each and straight should with the If If as shown, the head instructions.
Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to the You empty. the the obtained the the head these EPSON within months of them and the the Black T019201 (U.S.), T019311 T020201 (U.S.), T020311 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or EPSON or the EPSON www.epson.com (U.S. only). please to the below. If to the lights the too follow the instructions Outdated Cartridge Cartridge of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant You the yellow from the top of the or permanently Dont try to the clear the
and Cartridges light flashing or (If these when both lights off, the cleans the heads as You when the Once the the Follow these to light should flashing), then the cover. the turned and (the cleaning and about three seconds the head and the Press the the The from its (The shows To the the the the of the and of Unwrap the Then only the yellow of the top. or light
the slightly as the with the facing and the back of the the the back of the the Press the the If to the other through with cleaning and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes, and the Charging about seconds. finished, the The light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the Dont the the the when light flashing and
Outdated Cartridge than months to that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or both light flashing or Follow these to the light should flashing), then the cover. the turned and (the and about three seconds the head and the Press the the The from its (The shows To the the the the of the and of the Then only the yellow of the top. light flashing. or
the slightly as the with the facing and the back of the the the back of the the Dont the the the when Press the the If to the other through with and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes and the Charging about seconds. finished, the The off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing and
the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head Follow these the turned and loaded. thats least inches to from the and the EPSON the whenever the head If the as or with to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR the Select or NT, or Preferences Click the Click the You the Click the Head button. Follow the instructions the to Select the from the choices the the of the following the instructions the You to and than once to head completely.
Cleaning the To its should Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. to or the Clean of the with cloth. Dont the the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning included with they the
Transporting the If to its Follow these To the when the to the the its location. Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the Repack the and the the protective that with the as the the the head and If the head the head the to the
This section the basics and First to what the of the Then and to software, feeding, or other Its to to www.epson.com and the section to there downloading to To the of the as or Macintosh; the shown below the EPSON If the of the to these right cover thickness
You the lights, as below, or as Checking the Lights light light light The flashes and and the light flashes, supply or light to the instructions. or and and and cleaning light when the and ready to It flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. light flashes and both lights Press the the to to clear the If that off the and the of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the and the to light or incorrectly loaded. of the curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the and the to and lights flash, and or both of the lights of the head or the from the cartridge(s). Turn off the the cover, and Then the back If light and the head the cartridge(s) as If the lights and/or or EPSON; information. the light
the lights flash, the as the Then off the seconds, and If the lights flash, or EPSON; information. off the lights off, the these You to whether from the or other Follow these both the and turned off. the interface from the the holding the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and the shown below. (If the its to clean the head; To the off the the Then the interface and turn and If the the software the interface or If the with the and If nothing to or EPSON as the turned Turn off the the securely, and the the operable and switch or If another then and release the the
and basic troubleshooting software, feeding or other the or Software The The first the charge its charging finishes (the light flashing) off the If off the while charging the and than necessary. the completely and that the Turn off the from and to clear the Then off, and If the or the light flashing off the If the light flashing when back Where To the software. follow the instructions the turned and the securely connected to the and closed other applications, including Then try the software appear the Chooser (Macintosh). conflicts. GX the EPSON and SC and then You too items the Chooser. items and the Chooser You cant the USB or and the
that the properly the If properly, or completed. Select or instead. If USB the to the first of the or the to the USB directly. You cant software or USB or NT. If or the software correctly, software Reference instructions with light nothing the the interface securely and that the the as If the and software correctly. If to as Reference The sounds as though nothing the head clogged. To the head, too the If high-resolution than the listed. You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM).
the the following: Choose Black include the Quality/Speed to the softwares Advanced MicroWeave off and turn High If the ECP/DMA or the instructions. when or while. Quality You (light the head clogged. To the head, the matches the loaded. the of the It usually whiter or If light flashing, the If than months using or instructions. the Head instructions. Turn off High the software. the thickness the as shown below. the to the when thicker or
or smeared. isnt or (the should If of with or or the specifications Reference EPSON to and absorption of EPSON Non-EPSON and or the Head instructions. the thickness If the thicker or and smear. the thickness to the as shown to the or the the head clogged. To clean the head, the To the matches the loaded. isnt or If of with the whiter or than the other You or the to and the head clogged. To clean the head, If light flashing, the If than months
If high-resolution off PhotoEnhance. or instructions. and selected software. exactly match on-screen to as as information, Reference You incorrect characters. the interface securely connected and that the or Then selected or as the or the the Chooser. there If there them and then Reference instructions. If switch the directly to and using higher the Quality/Speed to the Quality software; or the Head instructions. You to increase the or software with Too that the software and or If the the Press the to the Then the or software. If when the or too thin. feed. the of from the that the Isnt or creased Isnt too Isnt the arrow the Isnt the (If the light flashing, the the fits the
the Turn off the cover, and the thats including that torn off. If frequently: smooth, high-quality the and then the Dont the arrow the the the right and the once. the of then: the isnt too thin. the of the of to the To the Printout The incorrect. the software correct. the Reference instructions. software instructions selecting the The within the of the Specifications Reference information. The or incorrect. the and/or options correctly. The inverted, as Turn off the software or the software. (If EPSON Iron-On Cool the should inverted correctly.) The selected or as the or the the Chooser. the the software correct. the Reference instructions. the head clogged. To the head,
Uninstalling Software Double-click then the Double-click Click EPSON Software the then EPSON COLOR Click the Change/Remove and follow the instructions. If the USB EPSON USB Devices the then the software CD-ROM. Then the EPSON CD-ROM and the EPSON You the Click On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall Then the Uninstall the and follow the instructions. Macintosh. Software software, first as Then instructions software.
Where To If with or its software, including EPSON Software Factory, the information below. with the creative the software CD-ROM, information. If using other software with EPSON the that software technical information. EPSON Technical EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services the following Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other such as brochures and and troubleshooting information. EPSON FTP EPSON E-MAIL Technical Automated Telephone Services If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the user anonymous and as the To technical through to and the the troubleshooting as of services hours To these services, tone and
To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and AM to PM or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON EPSON or EPSON Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the You purchase and from EPSON or the EPSON www.epson.com (U.S. only). please Creative Software Technical If with the creative software the software CD-ROM, please the as below: Software Telephone ArcSoft PhotoImpression ArcSoft PhotoMontage AM to PM PST AM to PM PST
and Notices This chapter includes instructions, and other information. To and its software, should IBM PC with least or or or NT recommended) Microsoft or NT At least 16MB of RAM (32MB or or 64MB or NT recommended) At least 50MB of (100MB recommended) VGA or and CD-ROM or recommended) the software high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to with D-SUB, and the USB or with USB and shielded USB AB from to to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction.
To and its software, should Apple G3 or G4 with USB OS or If OS to operating software. If OS Apple recommends that To which operating About This from the Apple At least 16MB of RAM (32MB recommended) At least 50MB of (100MB recommended) VGA or and CD-ROM or recommended) the software shielded USB AB from to to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction. NERGY TAR ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The EPA ENERGY STAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively: Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the Dont switch off the or the the off the using the light off.
the or or heating or sunlight. or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using outlets the as or that switch and off. the where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the or the of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of and the the or try to them. This to the head. Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the the the within months of them. this the head hand; otherwise the the the head the right and the
FCC This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 United States WARNING
Declaration of Conformity EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: P156A DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU and with Class Computers:
Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the first that the covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the and free from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician telephone service to whether the If service the warranty its option, or the without or If authorizes the to You securely the and to within of of the You to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service The and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The exchanged or or refurbished to the of of the covered the of the covered products or the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to America, Inc. Warranty Inc. P.O. CA
To EPSON and To EPSON and other or EPSON or the EPSON www.epson.com (U.S. only). please EPSON Cartridges EPSON EPSON inches) S041060 EPSON Quality inches) S041062/S041029 EPSON High Quality inches) S041111 EPSON Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 EPSON inches S041134 EPSON A6 inches) S041144-KIT EPSON A6 inches) S041144 EPSON Quality inches) S041072 EPSON inches) S041064 EPSON Quality A4 inches) S041106 EPSON Iron-On Cool inches) S041153/S041155 EPSON Quality inches) S041124 EPSON Heavyweight inches) S041257 EPSON inches) S041286 EPSON Card inches) S041267 The of location. Not match the software. the chart or the instructions that with to the Black T019201 (U.S.), or T019311 T020201 (U.S.), or T020311 A4 inches) S041059 A4 inches) S041061 inches) S041067 A4 inches) S041117 inches) S041141 A4 inches) S041140 inches) S041145 A4 inches) S041071 A6 inches) S041107 A4 inches) S041063 A4 inches) S041126 A4 inches) S041258