Copy Station EUL Copy Station
the EPSON Copy Station to follow the instructions the following EPSON Copy Station (this to the stations and copying operation. EPSON Copy Station Reference to information copying, including of functions and This the with the EPSON Copy Station Reference the CD-ROM accompanying the station) with information the station, from and troubleshooting to technical specifications. information assembling the the and the to the and included with each Where to Information
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information contained Neither from the of the information SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON corporation's operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
Instructions Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the station. or the the or the through the the or the the station. the type of indicated the and to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. or cord. otherwise this to service this yourself. the and servicing to service the following Instructions
If to the Germany, the following: the outlet where easily the cords. Instructions If or the station; or the or the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected or users: A- French-speaking users: fiches
and Notes to to to Notes information and the operation of station. Instructions
the Copy Station assembling the station, that the following easy operation, and The shown below. to The height to the Copy Station to (with (with
the The properly the following Checking the Copy Station The consists of and (EPSON GT-10000+), (EPSON C8600), and or the boxes each of the below. (EPSON C8600) or (EPSON GT-10000+) Copy to 32C Humidity: to locations that to shock, sunlight, or humidity, heat, or the locations where or Checking the Copy Station
The the items below. Confirm that of these items or interface EPSON Copy Station (this EPSON Copy Station Reference EPSON Copy Station CD-ROM Checking the Copy Station interface board screws screws with washers EPSON ROM screw interface board
the the of the below. Then follow the this section to the and to the top right M8 M6 screws M4 screws washers washers Not with this front the right cover
Assembling the The and people assembly or washers and washers four M8 as shown below. the the right and the right then the to the with the the and as the positioning right right M8 washer washer
M4 screws to and the front to the the shown below. the this It to securely the assembly the and the to the of the with four M4 screws. the front
the top the with M4 screws. to the with M4 screws. Then securely A, which the The height to the or to B. top
to the as this around the Warning: the Doing injury, or the This exclusively with the EPSON Copy Station EPSON C8600/EPSON GT-10000+ with other the Follow the instructions below to the the of the easily cloth which to the the The from the If to the the the to the the of the as shown, then follow the instructions below to the and to the cover. the
the shielded the interface located the of the If to the to the the the of the the screws included with the the the interface head covered, the the the of the interface
the straight the the front of the top the with the screws included with the If to the to the the cover included the to the the top the
the To the with the station, to the interface and the the as below. Unpack and the as the Turn the to the or as shown below. cross-head screwdriver to the screws the shield plate to the optional interface then the the the screws and the shield You to the plate the interface board Unlock
the interface board the the the optional interface the board with the screws. Static electricity electricity touching the of the interface board. the
the the the shown below. the To the with the station, to the interface board, ROM and or then the the Follow the this section. Warning: when the as and the to electricity touching grounded of the
Unpack the as the Unpacking then follow the instructions the to the following procedures. that the the screws the shield the of the then the the the toner the photoconductor You the screws to the interface this the shield You to the interface board the
the cover and the least inches). the screws the right cover. the
the right cover and as shown below. the the interface board. You should from the board. the the interface
the interface through the the back of the then the interface board the the interface with the screw included with the the the of the interface board. to the cross-head screwdriver to the screw from the
the interface board with the screws which from the shield plate the the ROM the ROM
the the as shown below. the the of the shown below when the correctly. the force the ROM the to the facing the
To the right cover, the of the cover with the right of the then the the top of the cover the the the right cover with the screws, then the front and the back the the or as the the
the capacity or and the the casters the of the or the Warning: the casters securely locked. the and
the Copy Station Once each to the ready to the station. This connecting the interface and cords. Follow the this section. Connecting Interface The connected as shown below. Follow the this section to the interface the and the Copy Station
the the interface the both of the the the interface the Copy Station
the other of the the the the and The and through cords. of the and below, then follow the this section to the and the Warning: the cords that with the and other cords fire or shock. or cords, or from such fire or shock. allow to the or the Doing fire or shock. with Doing shock. the Copy Station
when its the the the to that the the matches that of the outlet Also, that the that the turned off. It off when the of the switch the of the the to the AC the of the the other properly grounded the Copy Station cord, the the cord.
the the the back of the to that the the matches that of the outlet Also, that the the turned off. The off when the OPERATE the to the AC the back of the and the other properly-grounded the Copy Station
Testing the Copy Station You the operation of the You to to and of that the as then follow the this section to Ready to Copy To to first to of the the and and the from the stations Follow these the it Testing the Copy Station
Press the the clicks Press the and back then them outward they enough to the of to Testing the Copy Station
of and the that the the the right of the the they the of the Testing the Copy Station with creases or
the the the Turn the the OPERATE Turn the the of its switch. the to the the the of the from the of this If the correctly with the A4 or LT), the displayed the and copying the the The the of the and the off the while the checking the and or while copying. the following appears, the ready copying. Lighter 1-Sided 1-Sided Ready to Copy A4 LC1 Advanced Testing the Copy Station Copy
Copying Once and turned the station, ready to Follow these the READY light the cover. the with the to facing that the Testing the Copy Station of the the to the of the
the cover that the Press the the from both and scanned. the the otherwise the appear and of to the cover to interference from light. Lighter 1-Sided Ready to Copy A4 LC1 Advanced Testing the Copy Station Copy
Select the and that matches the of the and the which the Press the the stations The and then printed. If the or the what expected, the and the of the and clear of to the Reference Testing the Copy Station MP A4 B5 A3 Select A4 A4 A3W B5
Selecting The the LCD English. Spanish, and Chinese If to the follow the below. Press the the Press the the touch Unit] AL-CCS English Selecting
the when the following appears The following appears. Press the the Select appears. Selecting The information Reference that the from the Items Tone OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON OK
Press the Select Choose and the Select Select Items Counter OK Select English Spanish Chinese Selecting EXIT
Reference the following to the Reference Microsoft CPU: NT or recommended) Memory: MB RAM 98/95/NT MB to the Reference CD-ROM (Quad-speed or recommended) Reference Microsoft NT or recommended) MB RAM or recommended) MB RAM and
or with High or Browser: or recommended) Memory: MB MB or recommended) MB to the Reference CD-ROM or recommended) with or greater (Thousands of recommended) (Microsoft or recommended) Microsoft or Reference
Reference The Reference allows to learn about station. It includes information the station, from and troubleshooting to technical specifications. You this directly from the CD-ROM, or and from Microsoft or or or to the the CD-ROM the CD-ROM The appears. If the Click the CD-ROM then from the Then the MANUAL then To the Reference the Reference To the Reference Reference and follow the on-screen instructions. the the CCS8600 appears the EPSON the to the If enough to the Reference directly from the CD-ROM. Reference
the CD-ROM the CD-ROM Double-click the the EPSON Double-click EPSON Copy Station the EPSON The appears. To the Reference the Reference To the Reference the Reference and follow the on-screen instructions. the the Reference appears the EPSON Double-click the to the If enough to the Reference directly from the CD-ROM. Reference
EPSON AMERICA, INC. Airport CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R.
Copy Station EUL Copy Station