the the Unpack Everything the and from the and of as shown The slightly locations with the items shown USB or to or the CD-ROM Dont the areas: with high or sunlight or with of heat or interference, such as telephone Follow the the On the the the the back of the the to Connecting to USB (Recommended TM and G3 or or the the and turned off. the of the USB to USB the of the to USB or first-tier If USB the to the first of the or the malfunction. If the there, directly to USB EPSON Connecting to PC the and turned off. the to Then it with the the other of the to built-in and as necessary. If to the built-in (LPT1). To to match ECP/DMA Turn On the With the and the turned off, the grounded Press the to the The light flashes and the and lights on.The the Dont outlet that switch or or the as to the supply. the to the or off. switch, such as switch. the head hand; the buttons. the Cartridges the and the cover. Follow these both and them of or the the from the top of the or permanently them. Dont the clear the or Dont to to with Once cant off the when the light flashing, the hasnt or than of the reach of the If the If them immediately with Unwrap the then the yellow of the top. the Press the cleaning and the cover. charging about and with the light flashing and the finished. Dont off the or charging or than necessary. Its finished when the light flashing. Press the and the each slightly as its the the back of the theholder Dont the the the when
the the Unpack Everything the and from the and of as shown The slightly locations with the items shown USB or to or the CD-ROM Dont the areas: with high or sunlight or with of heat or interference, such as telephone Follow the the On the the the the back of the the to Connecting to USB and TM (Recommended G3 or or the the and turned off. the of the USB to USB the of the to USB or first-tier If USB the to the first of the or the malfunction. If the there, directly to USB EPSON Connecting to PC the and turned off. the to Then with the the other of the to built-in and as necessary. If to the built-in (LPT1). To to match ECP/DMA Turn On the With the and the turned off, the grounded Press the to the The light flashes and the and lights on.The the Dont outlet that switch or or the as to the supply. the to the or off. switch, such as switch. the head hand; the buttons. the Cartridges the and the cover. Follow these both and them of or the the from the top of the or permanently them. Dont the clear the or Dont to to with Once cant off the when the light flashing, the hasnt or than of the reach of the If the If them immediately with the then the yellow of the top. each slightly as its the the back of the theholder Dont the the the when the Press the cleaning and the cover. charging about and with the light flashing and the finished. Dont off the or charging or than necessary. Its finished when the light flashing. Press the and the
You of or the instructions the the slightly than the the Software Software the CD-ROM that with and follow the to the software Turn off Then and icons. If about You cant software that software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Double-click the Double-click the CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON to the (Dont other the the and You the Click You the highlighted, then OK The to and displays of finished, OK You the EPSON Product Follow the instructions to At the At the and the CD-ROM as ready to creative software and EPSON Turn necessary. Turn and software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM necessary. Double-click the EPSON to the the and You the Click the right then the At the then follow the instructions to and restarting, the EPSON Product Follow the on-screen instructions to At the the CD-ROM the If choose to to the Chooser the Dont this arrow the Chooser from the Apple Click the SC then USB Turn background the Chooser. ready to creative software and EPSON Creative Software and EPSON To to the EPSON CD-ROMs Double-click Macintosh: Double-click the CD-ROM You the Click Creative Software You Select the the software to Then the and follow the instructions the finished software, to to the EPSON You You the Reference or SM to learn to the head, and You browser, such as or Microsoft or to the Reference finished, to to the Click to the ready to with EPSON To the Reference instructions. Great Great with when follow the instructions Basicsthe that with to to: photo-quality output Select the both of the the the EPSON included with instructions and the EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. service of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. Printed CD-ROM then the EPSON You the EPSON the EPSON CPD-10638R1
the right then the CD-ROM to the (Dont other the EPSON CD-ROM necessary. EPSON to the EPSON You of or the instructions the the slightly than the the Software Software the CD-ROM that with and follow the to the software Turn off Then and icons. You cant If about detecting software that software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Double-click the Double-click the Double-click the You the the and You the Click The OK highlighted, then to and of OK finished, You the EPSON Product Follow the on-screen instructions to At the and the CD-ROM as At the ready to creative software and EPSON Turn necessary. Turn and software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Double-click the Double-click the You the the and Click At the then follow the instructions to and Macintosh. restarting, the EPSON Product Follow the on-screen instructions to At the the CD-ROM the If choose to to the Chooser the Dont this arrow the Chooser from the Apple Click the SC then USB Turn background the Chooser. ready to creative software and EPSON Creative Software and EPSON To to the EPSON CD-ROMs Double-click CD-ROM then the EPSON You the Double-click the EPSON the EPSON CD-ROM You the Click Creative Software You Select the the software to Then the and follow the instructions the finished software, to to the EPSON You You the Reference or SM to learn to clean the head, and You such as or Microsoft or to the Reference finished, to to the Click to the ready to with EPSON To the Reference instructions. Great Great with when follow the instructions Basicsthe that with to photo-quality Select the both of the the the EPSON included with instructions and the EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Fix-it service of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. Printed CPD-10638R1