Reference cover cover plate Cartridges Cartridge Black Capacity) U.S.: T007201; T007311 U.S.: T008201; T008311 cover thickness EPSON S041060 EPSON High Quality S041111 EPSON Quality S041062 S041067 EPSON Quality S041124 EPSON Quality S041072 A6 S041107 EPSON inches EPSON S041064 EPSON Quality A6 S041054 Cards EPSON (CD-ROM and EPSON only) EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153/S041155 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 Heavyweight S041257 EPSON inches Specifications Black each: yellow, light light Bidirectional with ESC/P EPSON Remote 256KB EPSON EPSON A6, A6, S041141 S041134 S041145 S041144-KIT S041144 S041286 S041302
EPSON type Thickness inches) inches) inches) inches) A4 A5 Quality and inches) distributed EPSON Heavyweight inches) inches distributed EPSON Self-adhesive A4 distributed EPSON inches DL, inches C6, inches inches) A6 distributed EPSON inches inches) A4 inches A6 frames/sheet distributed EPSON Iron-On Cool inches) distributed EPSON the first, first with the the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or these to F to C) Humidity: to RH EPSON Quality and these to F to C) Humidity: to RH EPSON inches) A4 A6 and to inch distributed EPSON to and distributed EPSON bond, or to inch to to to distributed EPSON B-L B-R A: The top inch of EPSON Quality the top inches B-L: The inch B-R: The right inch C: The inch You the to inch selecting as the Printable the expanded to quality. B-L B-R C to to C
EPSON 6-inch perforations) A: The top inch R: The and right inch The and right inch C: The inch EPSON 6-inch inches including the perforated The inches Cartridges Black (T007, capacity; T010, light capacity) (T008) Specification Color(s) Black Yellow, Light Light capacity* T007: ECMA T010: ECMA Cartridge years from (within months F C]) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) month F C) F C) F C) F C) inches (W H) (W H) The based The often the and often the head. thaws and hours F C). the C each inches (W H) (W H) To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranties. Dont the the expired. Mechanical Friction of Width: inches Depth: inches Height: Width: inches Depth: inches inches without the Specification to to Rated to to Rated (ISO/IEC the the back of the to F to C) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) hours F C) (without to RH to RH EPSON EPSON
EPSON UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC light light light cleaning Follow these when the lights. The light when the ready to It flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. flashes and light flashes and both lights Press the the and to try to clear the If that off the and the of the curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Turn the and the to the light or incorrectly loaded. of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Press the or light flashes, supply or light to the instructions. If light cant and with the type specifications). EPSON to and and and the lights flash, internal the as the Then turn off the seconds, and If the lights flash, or EPSON. light the lights off, the off these the turned Turn off the the securely, and the the and switch or If another Cartridge the First Follow these and the others through of the both and them of or the the from the top of the or permanently them. Dont the clear the or Dont the the back of the This operation and light flashing, the hasnt or than off the when the of the reach of and the If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with the outlet and turned the and lights and or both of the lights of the head. Turn off the the cover, and Then the back If the lights and/or or EPSON.
the and the cover. the the then the of the top. Dont off the Black Dont the each slightly as its the the back of the the the Dont the the the when the (The to Press the (shown and the cover. light flashing and the finished. Dont turn off the or charging or than necessary. Its finished when the charging about with the light flashing. Testing the You to whether from the or other Follow these to the both the and turned off. the interface from the or the button, then and release the the holding the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and the shown below. (If the its to the head; To the off the the Then the interface and and If the the software the interface or EPSON EPSON
EPSON If the with the and the Whether or to the to the the below. Select this this and EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality Quality EPSON EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight Additional Loading Dont the cleaning that included with they the to the (whiter) of the the You to the arrow the to the option, to the the software. If the protective each of to the protective sheets that to correctly; follow instructions the sheets the and the EPSON Quality Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to the than months to that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or both To the of the graphic the or the the or EPSON (Macintosh). You empty. the the obtained the the head these EPSON within months of them and the the Black T007 T008 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please Once the the Follow these to the turned and (the light should flashing). lights to which to the and
the cover and the The head and the light To the the head hand. The the right and the the the the The from its the of the and of it of the reach of children and the If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with the then the yellow of the top. Dont off the Black Dont the chips You the yellow from the top of the or Dont off the or try to the clear the Dont the the back of the and the slightly as its the the back of the the the Dont the the the the when EPSON EPSON
EPSON Press the (The to than the If to the other through with Press the and the cover. The the head and charging the light flashes, and the Charging about finished, the The light flashing and off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head only You the head of the following using the Head Cleaning (when the connected to as the section the buttons, as to the right the Its to least once month to EPSON the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning (recommended the turned and both the and lights off. (If light flashing, the instead.) If the with to then Right-click EPSON the Then NT). Click the Click the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to clean the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to the head clean. the the and Then Next The If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the to Clean the Head Follow these to the head: the turned and both the and lights off. (If light flashing, the instead.) cleaning and it three seconds. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the Press the light flashes. light flashes.
off the while the light the hasnt or than light flashing, to the the If connected directly to the to to If and containing and the of then to If the with to then Right-click EPSON the Then NT). Click the Macintosh: Click the the the and Next The the section If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the the You turn the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the the It should something this: Each and straight should with the If If as shown below, the head instructions. the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head Follow these the turned and loaded. thats least inches to from the and the EPSON the whenever the head If the with to then Right-click the EPSON the Select NT). Click the Click the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to Select the from the choices the the of the following the instructions the the You to and than once to head completely. Cleaning the To its should Follow these light to Turn off the and the the and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. EPSON EPSON
EPSON Dont the the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Transporting the If to its or of To the when the to the the its location. Follow these Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the Repack the and the the protective that with the sheet that with to the as the the the head and If the head the head EPSON the to the Related TM-870/1270 EPSON 870/EPSON Service PL-SP870 EPSON CPD-9806 EPSON CPD-9807 EPSON CPD-9821 EPSON the CPD-9808 EPSON software CD-ROM