Printed with least
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. and PhotoEnhance of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. CPD-9809 Copyright Inc. Copyright Notice
The EPSON 875DC and easy to from to of connecting to PCMCIA memory the built-in readeryour photo software and the with PCMCIA memory that with Whether with or service, or them off the World photo specially and lightfast or Heavyweight cherish photographs years to traditionally what to inch), PRQ reproduction and incredibly smooth to edge-to-edge 6-inch with of 4-inch to started) invisible as as photo seconds 6-inch photo, or and seconds 10-inch Great of from 3.5-inch to 44-inch including and Specially whisper-quiet operation
About Software The software CD-ROM includes the software and You cant without Reference information about (You HTML browsersuch as Microsoft or or laterto the software: and and with ease. or Easily them and repairs and improvementsthen them with the World Its to to and the section to there free of charge, downloading to Download instructions
About To and its software, the This information, and instructions with or using memory the about with, or troubleshooting Reference instructions Notes, and Please follow these to injury. to to Notes information about hints
To and its software, should Microsoft PC with or recommended) or 64MB of RAM (128MB or recommended) 100MB of (200MB or recommended) CD-ROM or DVD the software SVGA or and Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction.
To and its software, should Apple or G3 or G4 with USB OS or 64MB of RAM (128MB recommended) 150MB of free (200MB recommended) CD-ROM or DVD the software SVGA or and shielded USB AB to If and OS or Apple that Download the from Apple Apple the To which operating About This from the Apple improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction.
NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the the or or heating or sunlight. the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as photocopiers or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the
Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the or cover the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the this If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with the immediately from its If using the This the head. the the back of the This and these the IC of cartridge-related information (such as the amount of that and freely. each the the Dont switch off the or the the the off using the light off.
If to the from and and it the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or the surrounding the the otherwise reduced the within months of first them. cool, from allow to least three hours the or the the head hand; otherwise the the the head the right and the
software CD-ROM includes Reference The HTML browsersuch as or or or laterto If the correctly. (A included the software CD-ROM.) Accessing You Reference from the CD-ROM or it to and from there. Follow these software CD-ROM. Double-click CD-ROM or DVD then the EPSON Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM then the EPSON The appears:
Click The appears: You the from the CD-ROM Reference or the to Reference and from there. the the section. If the to as follows: Select EPSON and ESP875DC the EPSON 875DC and Reference first the Reference this Click to the of Click topic the to the of
expanding the of the topic to If theres right arrow to then topic to to Click the arrow to Closed to Click to to topic
from to what to to as photograph, or the to selecting to the Follow the instructions these with If already with EPSON to these PhotoEnhance, and Advanced Advanced Selecting of Photographs If information about memory with the to with Memory Card
with This section the basic with (To Macintosh, Loading and turned the right and the the the following when the Its usually whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the to this arrow If or other or types, instructions. the right
the Software and ready to software From the You the following selections the slightly EPSON 875DC selected. Click the (If or button, Then the If the instead of selecting from the the option to the software Click to software
Selecting Software Once software The thing to to the type of If necessary, the to the shown below: the following the Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to to To text Black the option to Its the to of the the to Quality or to high or (The type.) Click OK to to the type of Select the Select higher-quality or Click OK
information about the right-click item the and then Whats This?. Selecting The apply to the currently If type of applicationsfor the You this the Click to and then Right-click the EPSON 875DC Select Click the Select the to Click OK when finished. the when to of Another to of to them as Reference Right-click then
At the OK (or to the appears and shows the of You the to or You and appear advanced through information printingfor the or Reference Click OK to Click to Click to or The of with the least amount the the shown
This section the (To with Loading and turned the right and the the the following when the Its whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the only to this arrow If or other or types, instructions. the right
the Software and ready to and other software From the You the following selections the slightly EPSON 875DC SP 875DC selected. (If the incorrect, to the Chooser; the instructions.) Select the Source and Reference Click OK to the and to Select Source, and Click OK
Selecting Software the and You the slightly The thing to to the type of the following Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to to To text Black the option to Its the to of the the to Quality or to high or (The type.) Click to Select Select higher-quality or Select the type of Select the
Once clicked If turned background the Chooser, EPSON from the Application the right of the to the of You the EPSON Click the or Then to and If background to the the and the advanced through information printingfor the or Reference Click to Click to Click to
PhotoEnhance, and Advanced software as these PhotoEnhance below Custom the Advanced the information these the Reference as PhotoEnhance The software includes PhotoEnhance options that increase and to the appearance of that or over-exposed. You effects, such as Soft To PhotoEnhance, PhotoEnhance with Black selected. If photograph with Correction to the appearance of photographs with from of photographs, such as People or or such as Soft or If high-resolution to the instead; or (Macintosh). PhotoEnhance affects with PhotoEnhance and Dont or Margins) as Source cant these options with the PhotoEnhance
Custom software includes with This the type of or color-matching You from these types: Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and rough of text ICM created ICM created such as those the World ColorSync only): with ColorSync and applications. Advanced settingssuch as Quality and and effects. To these software, Custom and then the Advanced them as them whenever The of the to or increased recommended matching with
Advanced using the advanced features of software. information, the EPSON www.epson.com. If such as or Photoshop, the www.adobe.com CMYK Format To CMYK and with first to the to RGB This software RGB to (including light and light If CMYK to To with the CMYK-format input to RGB the the RGB This directly to without of information Profiles If Photoshop created another to off softwares to If turned correct. To turn off follow these the to and To turn off software software or Macintosh). Click Custom then Advanced You the Advanced Select the option the top right of the the of software and OK
the and To EPSON included free You to choose the right This that the of of of of EPSON and information, the back cover. EPSON EPSON photographic-weight with high photographic applications. EPSON and this to photo or You 6-inch snapshots, edge-to-edge, the of that with EPSON 875DC. The following to and You purchase this of as and each from the immediately Whenever with to as the From to to the EPSON www.epsonsupplies.com to of
4-Inch Follow these to the and the the cleanlyat each cornerto If necessary, the straight-edge or the and the the mounting (The of the and to its right and the the both oriented as shown Then the the the of the with the this
the of the the as as then the the to the the Gently the the top as and release the If the incorrectly, and If the three seconds to the to where Then the straight and If necessary, the reloading. Gently the to from the the the closed, and the front of the to smoothly.
and the another or from the Follow these The the to where to it and the Press the If to another the the the back the Then the the the If finished follow the of the to the the of the facing from the as straight as to feeding about three seconds. The backwards, from the (You to this to back the the the from the right and the to its resealable both and from high and and of sunlight. Whenever or these options to the correctly: the the 4-inch that with the Dont the as
the PhotoEnhance as the Source amounts of feed the Dont the softwares or or or as the Printable or the they with instructions to to edge-to-edge to EPSON You EPSON to photographs that as as the from processing. of the following when EPSON the with the whiter facing to sheets of 6-inch, or or of included the Select as the or other airtight covering to them from heat, humidity, and sunlight. to the as as If or follow the instructions to and the If 6-inch or the
6-inch The EPSON 6-inch that with around the and the the perforationson This to from that they the perforations. (If follow the instructions below to the then to about The slightly the the right with the facing and the perforated as shown. Then the the You to with the included sheets and beneath the (If the to software, slightly than inches. (If the Advanced to photo. Choose as the The should the top of Printed Top of
Choose as the the back and forth the perforations and tear off the the of to the the top and the the as the Choose as the and as the If the perforations the try the Choose as the the appears software and appears the as from the the the
Heavyweight Heavyweight professional-looking, graphics, and art EPSON and this than or information. to sheets as including beneath the Heavyweight as the You to first and them the right and the them. each or the thickness to the when or other thick the to the Select as the and choose the as the If the smears or (light turning off High the Advanced instructions the
Selecting the type of software. Thats why the It what of and the coverage accordingly. the should choose this this sheets or EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight EPSON (including EPSON (including EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON If with cleaning the cleaning with this instructed to EPSON technical Quality Quality
of Photographs and life, with EPSON (the the EPSON 875DC) and Heavyweight and with these and displayed as or than Prints using other of EPSON EPSON as as photo with should to the of acid-free, that commonly from and other sunlight and mounting to them from humidity, and other atmospheric based lighting intensity, and the EPSON years.
with Memory Card memory the memory This chapter to to and It includes instructions of 4-inch EPSON and 6-inch EPSON You from other such as or software to from to memory Follow the instructions these and Card with Card with Memory Card to Memory Card memory that to PCMCIA ATA such as Memory Stick, and CompactFlash cards. Also, PC that to PCMCIA ATA If whether or conform, the that with the or the The that with PCMCIA ATA and CompactFlash-compatible EPSON Card. If or Memory to purchase with Its that memory from the If
and Card This section to and memory and using It to the of to with memory Memory Card Turn Then follow these to memory the memory the CompactFlash memory that with memory first, the of the the seated. the first, the memory the seated.
If the Click (Click to the to the Tour You to the below: Click to to this ready to the with Memory Card Click to memory Click to
Memory Card You should memory EPSON USB RW Switcher to read-only and write-to-disk If or and should memory turn off or the USB of these to memory If the to memory and If and write-to-disk the to memory and If write-to-disk left-click the the and Stop EPSON SP 875DC Then the to memory and If the memory From the that the memory from the Then the to the and the memory or off to the or while the light flashing. The and memory communicating, and the or turning off memory light memory
If You Dont to Automatically. You EPSON the that whenever memory Right-click the EPSON PhotoStarter the and the that appears. Macintosh: Click the Application the right of and then EPSON PhotoStarter Click the to manually: Click to and Macintosh: the and the The EPSON PhotoStarter started. Follow the to If and that of the USB then Turned off the or disconnected the USB without first ejecting the Pressed the without first clicking the memory and selecting from the If this back the USB or the whichever necessary. through the to the and then Macintosh.
with Card The to and memory to You effects, them and as as or Memory Card Its to the memory copying them to Then whether to of them, or selected ones. To the memory of the following: Click PC Card the appears Click the PC Card Select from the to this To the CD-ROM the CD-ROM necessary, and then the Finally, the or
of the appear ready to them to
What to If You to the memory this: Follow these to Click You this the PC Card Click OK You the selecting from If to the the Search Path and type the of the to which To the the memory as would other the and the Unknown or Untitled.) Double-click the to The first the containing
Copying to To or using to them to You the memory or selected Follow these To the the the or from the (You to the first.) To selected them first and the each to while holding the Ctrl or Option Then the button, or Selected from the You to this the and it (the If type the or choose existing as the location Click (or OK the Macintosh) to copying If copying of the to selected only. Click Selected to the selected, or to the
of the appears the (If the the appears the PC Card PC Card the PC Card necessary. You to the following: Click (If write-to-disk to selected or to EPSON USB R/W Switcher to cant the because write-protected. to Memory Card instructions write-to-disk
4-Inch This section to edge-to-edge to Instructions Follow the instructions to the Then the with the to corrections to the If to selected the thumbnails the while the Ctrl Click the or from the Click the software Click to the Choose as the On the choose Margins) as the Source. Then Click OK then OK to software. to each to If without cant the
Select from the the first appears the (To of the which theyll the Next If photo already orientation, the Click the Then OK to Instructions Follow the instructions to the Then the with the to The of the shows white with from to 4-inch
corrections to the If to selected the thumbnails the while holding the Option Click the or from the Click the software Choose as the and Margins) as the Source. Select and then choose as the Click and choose as the Click OK then OK to software. Select from the the first appears the (To of the which theyll the Next Click the Then to to each to If without cant the
6-Inch This they slightly the perforations to Instructions Follow the 6-inch to Then the with the to Double-click the to The top of the Click the or from the Click the software Click to the selected as the Source, and choose as the On the choose as the Click OK then OK to software.
the EPSON from the Then the already Click the Then OK to the back and forth the perforations and tear off the Instructions Follow the 6-inch to Then the with the to Double-click the to The top of the Click the or from the Click the software Select as the and selected as the Source. Select as the
Click and as the Click OK then OK to software. the EPSON from the Click the button. Then to the back and forth the perforations and tear off the
with Memory Card You to memory You of the photo. Follow these to the memory Double-click the shortcut or to Edition and the Edition Macintosh: the and the You the The slightly
Click the then the and Macintosh: Click the then the and the to the assigned to memory and Unknown or Untitled this and to the the (If located Select the to and or OK (Macintosh). top of the other, the Follow the instructions to and them. Advanced to If to them to rather than memory cant the type of created
to Memory Card To from to memory EPSON USB RW Switcher USB RW Switcher read-only and write-to-disk memory the memory and from the memory instructions). Click to EPSON USB RW Switcher and EPSON USB RW Switcher the EPSON USB RW Switcher Double-click the EPSON USB RW Switcher The first USB RW Switcher, of the below: If EPSON USB RW Switcher, follow the instructions
Click OK to write-to-disk then the memory and the memory or the command to the to or search the memory the as title Unknown If the from to the following directory memory D: (where the assigned to To to read-only the memory and from the memory instructions). Then of the following: Click to EPSON USB RW Switcher and EPSON USB RW Switcher Macintosh: Double-click the EPSON USB RW Switcher the EPSON USB RW Switcher If and or when to to or from This of and software. You cant write to this To If the location memory You or to the memory to them
You of the below: Click OK
This section procedures to its and Follow the instructions cleaning the head (below) the head cleaning the the Reference as Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head clean You the head of the following the Head Cleaning (when the connected to as using the buttons, as the Its to least once month to quality. If with cleaning the cleaning with instructed to EPSON technical
the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning (recommended the turned and both the lights off. (If light flashing, the instead.) If the as or (Macintosh). with to then Right-click the EPSON 875DC the Then Click the Click the On the the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. light flashing, to the head clean. the the and Then Next The light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the Head Cleaning and
If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the Quality You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the to Clean the Head Follow the below to the head. information.) the turned and both the lights off. (If light flashing, the continuing.) cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the Press the light flashes. light to the quality. the If directly to the to to If and containing and the of then to If the as or light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the cleaning and
with to then Right-click the EPSON 875DC the Then Click the Macintosh: Click the the the and (or Next The the section If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the the It should something this: Each and straight should with the If If as shown below, the head instructions.
Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to the than months to that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or both To the of the graphic the or the the or EPSON these EPSON within months of them and the the Country Black Cartridge Cartridge United States and America T007201 T008201 T007311 T008311 or EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please You empty. the the obtained otherwise the the head To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty.
and Cartridges Once the the Follow these to light should flashing). the turned and (the lights to which to the the cover and the The head and the light flashing. The the right and the the the the The from its the of the and of and To the the head hand. of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with
Unwrap the Then the top. the slightly as its the the back of the the the You the from the top of the or permanently Dont off the or try to the clear the Dont the the back of the operation and Dont the the the the when Dont the boards the back
Press the (The to than the If to the other through with Press the and the cover. The the head and charging the light flashes, and the Charging about finished, the The the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head Follow these the turned and loaded. If the as or (Macintosh). with to then Right-click the EPSON 875DC the and light flashing and light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the thats least inches to from the and the EPSON the whenever the head Dont recycled, or
Click the Click the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the screen to Select the from the choices the the of the following the instructions the You to and than once to head completely. Cleaning the To its should Follow these Turn off the and the the and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont the the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Head light to
Transporting the If to its or of Follow these Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the the and the using the protective that with the that with to the as the the the head and If the head output the head To the when the to the the its location. the to the
This section the basics and First to what the of the Then and to software, feeding, or other Its to to and the section to there free of charge, downloading to Download instructions You the lights, as below, or as Checking the Lights light light light cleaning light
Follow the below when the lights. The flashes and and the light flashes, supply or light to the instructions. If light cant and with the type. or and and and the lights flash, internal the as the Then off the seconds, and If the lights flash, or EPSON; information. light when the ready to It flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. the light flashes and both lights Press the to to clear the If that off the and the of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Turn the and the to (If instructions.) light of or incorrectly loaded. of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Press the to (If using instructions.) and lights flash, and or both of the lights of the head. Turn off the the cover, and Then the back If the lights and/or or EPSON; information. the
off the lights off, the these You to whether from the or other Follow these both the and turned off. the interface from the or the holding the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and the shown below. (If the its to clean the head; To the off the the Then the interface and and If the the software the interface or If the with the and If nothing to or EPSON as the turned Turn off the the securely, and turn the the and switch or If another then and release the the
If the of the to these right cover light lights thickness light cleaning memory light
and troubleshooting software, feeding or other the or Software The installation. The first the charge its about charging finishes (the light flashing) off the If off the while charge improperly and the the and that the Turn off the from and to clear the Then it off, and turn If the or the light flashing off the If the light flashing when back EPSON or Where To the software. follow the instructions the other applications, including and protection software. Then the software securely connected to the and Reference instructions
with light nothing the the connected securely and that the the or as If the and software correctly. the EPSON 875DC selected as the the or the SP 875DC selected the Chooser (Macintosh). If to as Reference The sounds as though nothing the head clogged. To the head, when or while. too the or If high-resolution than the listed. You to: Clear or that Increase RAM. You to and software from to or from to the following: Choose Black include the Quality/Speed to the softwares Advanced MicroWeave off and High
Quality You the head clogged. To the head, the matches the loaded. the of the It usually whiter or isnt To or instructions. the thickness the (shown right). to the to thick or off High the software. the Head EPSON instructions. You the Head EPSON instructions. the thickness the as shown below. to the thick or off High the software. If with actually the to the selected as the Printable the expanded Select
or smeared. isnt or If of or the specifications Reference EPSON to and absorption of EPSON and or the Head instructions. the thickness If the thicker or and smear. the thickness to the each from the when or the the head To the head, the lights to the To the matches the loaded. isnt dirty, or If of with the whiter or than the other
You or the to and the head clogged. To the head, isnt To If high-resolution off PhotoEnhance as or (Macintosh) instructions. You PhotoEnhance that such as exactly match on-screen to as as the advanced and Reference You the of black-and-white photograph. You the tones the smoothest To from the tones, the matches the and of the following: Select Black as the with or as the and head, as and If the the correctly with software. with to the higher the Quality/Speed to the Quality software; or the Head instructions. Increase the or software
with the Memory Card You that the or the PC Card to PC Card Select from or the Then PC Card the the memory when memory the memory EPSON 875DC selected as the the or SP 875DC selected the Chooser (Macintosh). If exited EPSON to to this You cant the to memory the to the the EPSON (If the to memory cant the theyre the The corrupted. To You cant the memory write-to-disk memory write-protected, and cant to it from The memory appear the cant them. You to the to them instructions). If PC Card appears the displayed the memory
EPSON USB RW Switcher read-only and write-to-disk EPSON 875DC selected as the the or SP 875DC selected the Chooser (Macintosh). You memory when with reformatting the the memory cant back the If to the edited to memory cant The corrupted. To the You that of the USB only). You to the to memory You off or without first memory To of this follow the to memory and then Macintosh.
with feed. the and that Isnt or creased Isnt too Isnt the arrow the Isnt the (If the light flashing, the and the too tightly. Too the the software and both or If the the Press the to the Then the or software. If when the or too thin. If follow the and If follow the the off the cover, and the thats including that torn off. Press the If frequently: smooth, high-quality the and then the Dont the arrow the the the right and the feed once. the then: the isnt too thin. the of the of to the then the as the the too tightly.
Printout The incorrect. the software the Reference instructions. software instructions selecting the The within the of the Specifications Reference information. If selected or Margins) as Source to the You incorrect characters. the interface securely connected and that the the or Then selected or as the or the the Chooser. If using switch with the directly to and The or incorrect. the and/or options correctly; or instructions the The inverted, as Turn off the Advanced the software or the software. (If EPSON Iron-On Cool the should inverted when The the the software Reference instructions. the head clogged. To the head,
Uninstalling Software If to and then software, such as when operating follow these Uninstalling Software Right-click the PhotoStarter the and the that If memory the memory the to the and Right-click the then the Double-click Double-click Click EPSON Software the and then the On the the EPSON 875DC Then the EPSON USB Memory Card selected, then OK Follow the instructions the EPSON USB Devices the then the Follow the instructions the prompted to Select EPSON PhotoStarter and the Follow the instructions the EPSON USB RW Switcher and when software.
Uninstalling Software Right-click the PhotoStarter the and the that Left-click the the and Stop EPSON SP 875DC If memory the memory the then the to the Right-click the the and Double-click then the Double-click Click EPSON Software the and then the Change/Remove On the the EPSON 875DC Then the EPSON USB Memory Card selected, then OK Follow the instructions the EPSON PhotoStarter the then the Change/Remove Follow the instructions the EPSON USB RW Switcher and the Change/Remove Follow the instructions to USB RW Switcher. Then and the Change/Remove the and the You the Click Next On the following Uninstall/Unplug and Next On the Uninstall selected and Next
this EPSON SP 875DC and Next Click this to the to this and Next On the Then Uninstalling Software If memory the memory memory to the the that the memory then the to the EPSON (Click the Application the right of and then EPSON PhotoStarter Click from the Turn off the From the Select CD-ROMs the items Next and 875DC the text of the items found to the From the Sherlock the text
the following to the EPSON EPSON USBPrintClass1 EPSON USBPrintClass2 EPSON USBPrintClass3 EPSON USBPrintClass4 EPSON USBPrintClass5 EPSON USBStorageClass1 EPSON the following to the EPSON EPSON PhotoStarter and EPSON USB RW Switcher the EPSON and the EPSON to the the following to the Preferences EPSON USB RW Switcher the EPSON PhotoStarter Prefs and EPSON PhotoStarter to the Sherlock and Then the Software software, first as Then follow the instructions the to software. (You to software or
Where To If with or its software, the information below. If using the software that with EPSON Technical EPSON technical hours through the services and services the following Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other such as and user and troubleshooting information. EPSON FTP EPSON Technical Automated Telephone Services using other software the that software technical information. If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the user anonymous and as the To technical through to and the troubleshooting as of services hours To these services, telephone and
To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM or charges apply. AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information Product (EPSON 875DC) Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the EPSON You purchase and from EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please Software Technical If technical or the software as below. Software Telephone www.adobe.com/ supportservice/custsupport AM to PM PST, through www.sierraimaging.com AM to PM PST, through
This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: P154A FCC United States WARNING DECLARATION of CONFORMITY
to EPSON and To EPSON and or EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please EPSON T007201 (United States) T007311 Color: T008201 (United States) T008311 EPSON EPSON inches) S041060 A4 inches) S041059 EPSON High Quality inches) A4 inches) EPSON Quality inches) A4 inches) inches) EPSON Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 EPSON inches inches) A4 inches) inches) EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality inches) A6 inches) A4 inches) EPSON inches) S041064 EPSON Quality A4 inches) S041106 EPSON Iron-On Cool inches) S041153/S041155 EPSON Heavyweight inches) S041257 EPSON inches) inches A6 inches) A6 inches) S041111 S041117 S041062 S041061 S041067 S041134 S041141 S041140 S041145 S041144-KIT S041144 S041072 S041107 S041071 S041286 S041302
EPSON EPSON and to the photo that earn EPSON of their awards! EPSON specially coated to with EPSON that when of immediately them. There smearing or and and smooth. of Quality Bright white, with smooth to Perfect and and and of Perfect photo of snapshots, art, and the back cover of EPSON and information. photographic-weight with high finish. Perfect photographic and of including 4-inch 26.2-foot Heavyweight professional-looking, and graphics