EPSON S041060 A4 S041059 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON High Quality S041111 A4 S041117 EPSON Quality S041124 A4 S041126 EPSON Quality A4 A6 EPSON S041064 A4 S041063 EPSON Quality A6 S041054 Cards cover thickness S041062/S041029 S041061 S041067 S041072 S041071 S041107 EPSON A4 inches inches) EPSON (CD-ROM and EPSON only) EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153/S041155 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 EPSON S041257 Heavyweight A4 S041258 EPSON S041286 EPSON S041267 Card The of location. Not type match the software. the chart or the instructions that with to the Cartridges Cartridge Black T019201 (U.S.) T019311 T020201 (U.S.) T020311 Specifications Black each: yellow) Bidirectional with EPSON ESC/P2, EPSON Remote 256KB EPSON EPSON A6, A6, sheet S041141 S041140 S041134 S041145 S041144-KIT S041144
EPSON type Thickness sheets inches) inches) inches) inches) A4 A5 inches) A4 A6 only inches) distributed EPSON Heavyweight sheets A4 distributed EPSON inches DL, inches C6, inches inches) A6 distributed EPSON inches inches) A4 inches A6 frames/sheet distributed EPSON inches) distributed EPSON Iron-On Cool inches) distributed EPSON the first. should first, with the Since the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or these to F to C) Humidity: to RH EPSON Quality and these to F to C) Humidity: to RH The of location. Not match the software. the chart or the instructions that with to the EPSON and to inch distributed EPSON to and distributed EPSON or to inch to to to distributed EPSON Printable B-L B-R A: The top inch sheets of EPSON Quality the top inches B-L: The inch B-R: The right as follows: inch sheets and C6 inch DL inch C: The inch You the to inch selecting as the Printable the expanded to B-L B-R C to to C
EPSON 6-inch perforations) A: The top inch R: The and right inch C: The inch Cartridges Black T019201 (U.S.) T019311 Color(s) Black capacity* text (ISO/IEC Cartridge years from (within months F C]) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) The often the and often the head. thaws and hours F C). To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranties. Dont the the expired. C T020201 (U.S.) T020311 (A4, each (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) Mechanical feed Friction Sheet of capacity Width: inches Depth: inches Width: inches Depth: inches inches without the to to Rated to to Rated Approx. (ISO/IEC the the back of the to F to C) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) hours F C) (without to RH to RH UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC EPSON EPSON
EPSON light light light cleaning Follow these when the lights. The light when the and ready to It flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. flashes the light flashes, Press the to to clear the If that off the and the of the curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Turn the and the to the light or incorrectly loaded. of the curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Press the to or light flashes, supply or light to the instructions. and and and the and lights and the and lights of the head or the from the cartridge(s). Turn off the the cover, and Then turn the back If light and the head the cartridge(s) as If the lights and/or or EPSON. the lights flash, internal the as the Then off the seconds, and If the lights flash, or EPSON. EPSON the lights off, the off these the turned Turn off the the securely, and the the outlet and switch or If using another light Cartridge the First Follow these both and them of or the the from the top of the or permanently them. Dont the clear the or Dont to to with Once cant off the when the light flashing, the hasnt or than of the reach of children and the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the and the cover. Press the to the The light flashes and the and lights The Dont outlet that switch or or the as to the supply. the to the or off. switch, such as switch.
the the then the of the the top. each slightly as its the the back of the the Dont the the the when Press the they the themseleves. Press the cleaning and the cover. charging about and with the light flashing and the finished. Dont off the or charging or than necessary. Its finished when the light flashing. Testing the You to whether from the or other Follow these to the both the and turned off. the interface from the the the then and release the holding the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and the shown below. (If the its to clean the head; To the off the the Then the interface and and If the the software the interface or If the with the and the EPSON EPSON
EPSON Whether or to the to the the below. Select this this and EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Cards EPSON Quality Quality EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight The of location. Additional Loading Dont the cleaning that included with they the to the (whiter) of the the You to the arrow the to the option, remember to the the If the protective sheets each of to the protective EPSON that to correctly; follow instructions the sheets the and the Cartridge the or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to You empty. the the obtained the the head these EPSON within months of them and the the Black T019201 (U.S.) T019311 T020201 (U.S.) T020311 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or EPSON or the EPSON TM www.epson.com (U.S. only). please If to the lights the too follow the instructions Outdated Cartridge
Removing and Cartridges You when the or light flashing or (If these when both lights off, the cleans the heads as Once the the Follow these to the turned and (the light should flashing), then the cover. Press the cleaning and about three seconds the head and the light flashing. To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant the The from its (The shows To the the the the of the and of of the reach of children and the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the Then the of the top. You the from the top of the or permanently Dont to the clear the the slightly as its the the back of the the Press the the If to the other through with EPSON EPSON Dont the the the when
EPSON Press the cleaning and the cover. The the head and charging the The light flashes, and the Charging about seconds. finished, the light flashing and off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Outdated Cartridge than months to that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or both Follow these to the or light flashing or the turned and (the light should flashing), then the cover. Press the and about three seconds the head and the light flashing. To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant the The from its (The shows To the the the EPSON the of the and of of the reach of children and the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the Then the yellow of the top. You the yellow from the top of the or Dont to the clear the each slightly as its the the back of the the Dont the the the when
Press the the If to the other through with Press the and the cover. The the head and charging the The light flashes and the Charging about seconds. finished, the light flashing and turn off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head You the head of the following the Head Cleaning (when the connected to as the buttons, as the Its to least once month to quality. If with cleaning the cleaning sheet with the the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning the turned and both the and lights off. (If light flashing, the If the with to then Right-click EPSON COLOR the Then or NT, or Preferences Click the Macintosh: Click the On the the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the light flashing, to the head and the cleaning the and Then Next The If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the to Clean the Head Follow these to the head: the turned and both the and lights off. (If light flashing, the EPSON EPSON
EPSON Press the cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the light flashing, to the and the cleaning If directly to the to to If and containing and Then to If the with to then Right-click EPSON COLOR the Then or NT, or Preferences Click the Click the the the and Next The the section If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the the You turn the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the the It should something this: EPSON Each and straight should with the If If as shown below, the head instructions. the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head Follow these the turned and loaded. thats least inches to from the and the EPSON the whenever the head If the with to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR the Then or NT, or Preferences Click the Click the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to Select the from the choices the the of the following the instructions the
Cleaning the To its should Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont the gears the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the and or the Dont cleaning included with they the Transporting the If to its Follow these To the when the to the the its location. Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the the and the using the protective that with the that with to the as the the the head and If the head the head Related TM-SC880/i EPSON Service PL-SC880/i EPSON CPD-10637 EPSON CPD-10638 EPSON EPSON EPSON the to the
EPSON EPSON