Printed
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON, EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. PhotoEnhance of America, Inc. Memory of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. CPD-11115 Copyright Inc. Copyright Notice
the Memory products, the EPSON 875DCS and easy to from to Memory the PC included with printeryour software and the Memory Stick. About To and its software, the This information, and instructions with or using Memory the basic about with, or troubleshooting Reference instructions You memory that conforms to PCMCIA ATA with The instructions Memory apply to memory You to purchase with to the PC that with the
Notes, and Please follow these software CD-ROM includes Reference The HTML browsersuch as or or or laterto If browser, the correctly. (A included the software CD-ROM.) to to to Notes information about hints
Accessing You Reference from the CD-ROM or to and from there. Follow these software CD-ROM. Double-click CD-ROM or DVD then the EPSON Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM then the EPSON The appears: Click The appears: You the from the CD-ROM Reference or the to Reference and from there. the the section. If the to as follows: Select EPSON and ESP875DCS the EPSON 875DCS and Reference
first the Reference this Click to the of Click topic the to the of expanding the of the topic to If theres right arrow to then topic to to Click the arrow to Closed to Click to to topic Although the as the EPSON 875DC Reference the information to the EPSON 875DCS
from to what to to as photograph, or the to selecting to the Follow the instructions these with Macintosh If already with EPSON to these PhotoEnhance, and Advanced Advanced Selecting of Photographs If information about memory with the to with Memory Stick
with This section the basic with (To Macintosh, Loading and the right and the the the following when the Its whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the to this arrow If or other or types, instructions. the right
the Software and ready to software From the You the following selections the slightly EPSON 875DCS selected. Click the (If or Then the If the instead of selecting from the the option to the software Click to software
Selecting Software Once software The thing to to the type of If necessary, the to the shown below: the following the Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to to To text Black the option to Its the to of the the to Quality or to high or (The type.) Click OK to to Select the type of Select the Select Select higher-quality or Click OK
information about the right-click item the and then Whats This?. Selecting the You The apply only to the currently If type of applicationsfor with the You this the Click to and then Right-click the EPSON 875DCS Select Click the Select the to applications. Click OK when finished. the when to of Another to of to them as group; Reference Right-click then
At the OK (or to the appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You and appear through information printingfor the or Reference Click OK to Click to Click to or The of with the least amount the the shown
This section the (To with Loading and turned the right and the the the following when the Its whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the only to this arrow If or other or types, instructions. the right
the Software and ready to and other software From the You the following selections the slightly SP 875DCS selected. (If the incorrect, to the Chooser; the instructions.) Select the Source and Printable Reference Click OK to the and to Select Source, and Printable Click OK
Selecting Software the and You the slightly The thing to to the type of the following Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to to To text Black the option to Its the to of the the to Quality or to high or (The type.) Click to Select Select higher-quality or Select the type of Select the
Once clicked If turned background the Chooser, EPSON from the Application the right of the to the of You the EPSON Click the or Then to and If background to the the and the advanced through information printingfor the or Reference Click to Click to Click to
PhotoEnhance, and Advanced software as these PhotoEnhance below Custom the Advanced the information these the Reference as PhotoEnhance The software includes PhotoEnhance options that increase brightness and to the appearance of low-resolution or or over-exposed You effects, such as Soft To PhotoEnhance, PhotoEnhance with Black selected. If photograph with Correction to the appearance of photographs with from of photographs, such as People or Nature or such as Soft or If high-resolution to the instead; or (Macintosh). PhotoEnhance affects with PhotoEnhance and Dont or Margins) as Source cant these options with the PhotoEnhance
Custom software includes with options. This the type of or color-matching To the types, click Custom and the Custom to Then from these types: Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and rough of text ICM created ICM only): created such as those the World ColorSync only): with ColorSync and applications. Advanced settingssuch as Quality and and effects. To these software, Custom and then the Advanced them as them whenever The of the to or increased recommended matching with
Advanced using the advanced of software. information, the EPSON www.epson.com. If using such as or Photoshop, the www.adobe.com CMYK Format To CMYK and with first to the to RGB This software RGB to (including light and light If CMYK to To with the CMYK-format input to RGB the the RGB This directly to without of information Profiles If Photoshop created another to off softwares features to If turned correct. To turn off follow these the to and To off software software or Click Custom then Advanced You the Advanced Select the option the top right of the Select the of software and OK
the and To EPSON included You to choose the right This that the of of of of EPSON and information, the back cover. EPSON EPSON photographic-weight with high photographic applications. EPSON and this years when or You 6-inch snapshots, edge-to-edge, the of that with EPSON 875DCS. The following to and You purchase this of as and each sheet from the immediately Whenever with to as the From to to the EPSON www.epson.com to of
4-Inch Follow these to the and turned the the cleanlyat each cornerto If necessary, the straight-edge or the and the the mounting (The of the and to its right and the the both oriented as shown Then the the the of the with the this
the of the the as as then the the to the the Gently the the top as and release the If the incorrectly, and If the three seconds to the to where it Then the straight and If necessary, the reloading. Gently the to from the the the closed, and the front of the to smoothly.
and the another or from the Follow these The the to where to and the Press the If to another the the the back the Then the the the If finished follow the of the to the the of the facing from the as straight as to feeding about three seconds. The backwards, from the sheet (You to this to back the the the from the right and the to its resealable both and from high and and of sunlight. Dont the as
or these options to the correctly: the the 4-inch that with the the PhotoEnhance as the Source amounts of the Dont the softwares or or or as the or the they with instructions to to edge-to-edge to EPSON You EPSON to photographs that as as the from processing. of the following when using EPSON the with the whiter facing to of 6-inch, or or of included the Select as the resealable or other airtight covering to them from heat, humidity, and sunlight. to the as as If or follow the instructions to and the If 6-inch or the
6-inch The EPSON 6-inch that with around the and the the perforationson This to from that they the perforations. (If follow the instructions below to the then to about The slightly the the right with the facing and the perforated as shown. Then the the You to with the included sheets and beneath the (If the sheets, to software, slightly than inches. (If the Advanced to Choose as the The should the top of Printed Top of
Choose as the the back and forth the perforations and tear off the the of to the the top and the the as the Choose as the and as the If the perforations the the Choose Landscape as the the appears software and appears the as from the the the
Heavyweight Heavyweight professional-looking, graphics, and art EPSON and this when or information. to as including beneath the Heavyweight as the You to first and them the right and the them. each or the thickness to the when or other thick the to the Select as the and choose the as the If the smears or (light turning off High the Advanced instructions the
Selecting the type of software. Thats why the It what of and the accordingly. which the as the of the the should choose this Select this sheets or EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight EPSON (including EPSON (including EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON If with cleaning the cleaning with this instructed to EPSON technical Quality Quality
of Photographs With photographs with the EPSON 875DCS years. The EPSON specially to when with EPSON that properly displayed or with and lengthen life. recommends that or protective to them from atmospheric humidity, and high of with photographs, from sunlight. recommends that or free, commonly from stores.
with Memory when Memory the PC the PC This chapter to to and It includes instructions of 4-inch EPSON and 6-inch EPSON You from other such as or software to from to Memory Stick. Follow the instructions these and the Memory Stick with Memory Stick with Memory Stick to Memory Stick The with the PC the PC If the the it and Memory when necessary. Dont Memory from the If
and the Memory This section to and Memory and and Memory Stick. It to the of to Memory Turn the and Memory Stick, first, the PC the PC as shown: gently the Memory seated. If the Click (Click to the to the Tour
You to the below: Click to to this screen ready to the with Memory Stick Removing the Memory You should Memory EPSON USB RW Switcher to read-only and write-to-disk If or and should Memory off or the USB the Memory or off to the or while the Memory light flashing. The and PC communicating, and the Memory or turning off the Memory Stick. Click to Memory Click to
You the the PC to both the Memory and or the Memory the to the Memory Stick. Follow the If of the If and write-to-disk of the If write-to-disk left-click the the and Stop EPSON SP 875DCS Then of the If Macintosh, the Memory From the that memory from the PC Then of the PC Memory light Memory Memory
If You Dont to Automatically. You EPSON the that whenever Memory Stick. This only to as EPSON PhotoStarter the Follow these to EPSON Right-click the EPSON PhotoStarter the and the that appears. Click the Application the right of and then EPSON PhotoStarter Click the this to manually: Click to and the and the If and that of the USB then Turned off the or disconnected the USB without first the Memory Pressed of the without first clicking the Memory and selecting from the If this back the USB or the Memory Stick, whichever necessary. through the to the Memory Stick, and then Macintosh.
with Memory The to and Memory to You effects, them and as as or Memory Its to the Memory copying them to Then whether to of them, or selected ones. To the Memory Stick, of the following: Click PC Card the appears Click the PC Card Select from the to this To the CD-ROM the CD-ROM necessary, and then the Finally, the or
Thumbnails of the appear ready to them to What to If You try to Memory Stick, this: Follow these to Click You this You the selecting from
the PC Card Click OK Copying to To or to them to You the Memory Stick, or selected Follow these To the Memory Stick, the or from the (You to the first.) To selected them first and the thumbnail each to while holding the Ctrl or Option Then the or Selected from the You to this the and (the If type the or choose existing as the location Click (or OK the to copying If copying of the to selected only. Click Selected to the selected, or to the Memory Stick.
of the appears the (If the Memory Stick, the appears the PC Card PC Card the PC Card necessary. You to the following: Click (If write-to-disk to selected or to EPSON USB R/W Switcher to write-to-disk cant the Memory write-protected. to Memory Stick instructions write-to-disk
4-Inch This section to edge-to-edge to Instructions Follow the instructions to the Then the with the to corrections to the If to selected click the the while holding the Ctrl Click the or from the Click the software Click to the Choose as the On the choose Margins) as the Source. Then Click OK then OK to software. to each to If without cant the
from the the first appears the (To of the which theyll the Next button.) If already the Click the Then OK to Instructions Follow the instructions to the Then the with the to The of the shows white with photo from edge-to-edge 4-inch
corrections to the If only to selected the thumbnails the while holding the Option Click the button, or from the Click the software Choose as the and Margins) as the Source. and then choose as the Click and choose as the Click OK then OK to software. Select from the the first appears the (To of the which theyll the Next Click the Then to to each to If without cant the
6-Inch This they slightly the perforations to Instructions Follow the 6-inch to Then the with the to Double-click the to The top of the Click the or from the Click the software Click to the Choose as the On the selected as the Source, and then choose as the Click OK then OK to software.
the EPSON from the Then the photo already Click the button. Then OK to the back and forth the perforations and tear off the Instructions Follow the 6-inch to Then the with the to Double-click the to The top of the Click the or from the Click the software Select as the and selected as the Source. Select as the
Click and as the Click OK then OK to software. the EPSON from the Click the Then to the back and forth the perforations and tear off the
with Memory You to Memory Stick. You of the photo. Follow these to the Memory Stick: Double-click the shortcut or to Edition and Edition Macintosh: the and the You the The
Click the then the and Click the then the and the to the assigned to Memory Stick, and Unknown or Untitled this and the the Select the to and top of the other, the Follow the instructions to and them. Advanced to If to them to rather than Memory Stick. cant the type of created
to Memory To from to Memory Stick, EPSON USB RW Switcher USB RW Switcher read-only and write-to-disk Memory Stick. the Memory and from the PC instructions). Click to EPSON USB RW Switcher and EPSON USB RW Switcher Macintosh: the EPSON USB RW Switcher Double-click the EPSON USB RW Switcher The first USB RW Switcher, of the below: Click OK to write-to-disk then the Memory and PC the PC automatically, exited EPSON PhotoStarter If EPSON USB RW Switcher, follow the instructions
necessary. or the to the to or search the assigned to Memory Stick. the Memory as Unknown or Untitled the from to the following directory Memory Stick: the assigned to Memory D). To to read-only the Memory instructions). Then of the following: Click to EPSON USB RW Switcher and EPSON USB RW Switcher Double-click the EPSON USB RW Switcher the EPSON USB RW Switcher You of the below. Click OK You or to the Memory Stick. to them If memory and the location
This section to its and Follow the instructions cleaning the head (below) the head cleaning the the Reference as Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head clean This section to the head using the Head Cleaning which the recommended You the head the cleaning the three seconds, and then to Reference turn the Its to least once month to If with cleaning the cleaning with instructed to EPSON technical
Follow these to the Head Cleaning the turned and both the lights off. (If light flashing, the instead.) If the as or with to then Right-click the EPSON 875DCS the Then Click the Click the On the the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. light flashing, to the head clean. the the and Then Next The light the hasnt or than off the while the Head Cleaning and
If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the Quality You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the the It should something this: and straight should with the If If as shown below, the head instructions.
Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to the than months to that as as they If cleaning and the head, or both To the of the graphic the or the the or EPSON these EPSON within months of them and the the Country Black Cartridge Cartridge United States T007201 T008201 T007311 T008311 or the EPSON or www.epson.com (U.S. only). please You empty. the the obtained otherwise the the head To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty.
Removing and Cartridges Once the the Follow these to light should flashing). the and (the lights to which to Check the the cover and the The head and the light flashing. The the right and the the the the The from its the of the and of and To the the head hand. of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with
the Then the top. the slightly as its the the back of the the the You the from the top of the or permanently Dont off the or to the clear the Dont the the back of the and Dont the the the the when Dont the boards the back
Press the (The to than the If to the other through with Press the and the cover. The the head and charging the light flashes, and the Charging about finished, the The the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head Follow these the turned and loaded. If the as or with to then Right-click the EPSON 875DCS the and light flashing and light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the thats least inches to from the and the EPSON the whenever the head Dont or
Click the Click the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to Select the from the choices the the of the following the instructions the You to and than once to head completely. Cleaning the To its should Follow these Turn off the and the the and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont the the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Head light to
Transporting the If to its or of Follow these Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the Repack the and the the protective that with the that with to the as the the the head and If the head the head To the when the to the the its location. the to the
This section the basics and to what the of the Then and to software, quality, feeding, or other Its to to www.epson.com and the section to there of charge, downloading to Download instructions You the lights, as below, or as Checking the Lights light light light cleaning light
Follow the below when the lights. The flashes and and the flash light flashes, supply or light to the instructions. If light cant and with the type. or and and and the lights flash, internal the as the Then off the seconds, and If the lights flash, or EPSON; information. light when the ready to It flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. the light flashes and both lights Press the to to clear the If that off the and the the of the curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Turn the and the to (If instructions.) light of or incorrectly loaded. of the curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Press the to (If instructions.) the and lights flash, and or both of the lights of the head. Turn off the the cover, and Then the back If the lights and/or or EPSON; information.
off the lights off, the these You to whether from the or other Follow these both the and off. Disconnect the interface from the or the holding the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and the shown below. (If the its to the head; To the off the the Then the interface and turn and If the the software the interface or If the with the and If nothing to or EPSON as the turned Turn off the the securely, and the the operable and switch or If another then and release the the
If the of the to these right cover Memory light Memory Memory lights light thickness cleaning light
and troubleshooting software, feeding or other the or Software The installation. The first the its about charging finishes (the light flashing) off the If off the while charge improperly and the the and that the Turn off the from and to clear the Then off, and turn If the or the light flashing turn off the If the light flashing when back EPSON or Where To the software. follow the instructions the other applications, including and protection software. Then the software securely connected to the and Reference instructions
with light nothing the the interface connected securely and that the the or as If the and software correctly. the EPSON 875DCS selected as the the or the SP 875DCS selected the Chooser If to as Reference The sounds as though it nothing the head clogged. To the head, when or while. too the or If high-resolution than the You to: Clear or that Increase RAM. You to and software from to or from to the following: Choose Black include the Quality/Speed to the softwares Advanced MicroWeave off and turn High
Quality You the head To the head, the matches the loaded. the of the It usually whiter or isnt To or (Macintosh) instructions. the thickness the (shown right). to the to thick or off High the software. the Head EPSON instructions. You the Head EPSON instructions. the thickness the as shown below. to the thick or off High the software. If with actually the to the selected as the Printable the expanded
or smeared. isnt or If of or sheet the specifications Reference EPSON to and absorption of EPSON Non-EPSON and or the Head instructions. the thickness If the thicker or and smear. the thickness to the each sheet from the when or the the head clogged. To the head, the lights to the To the matches the loaded. isnt or If of with the usually whiter or than the other
You or the to and the head clogged. To the head, isnt To If high-resolution off PhotoEnhance as using or instructions. You PhotoEnhance that such as exactly match on-screen to as as the advanced and Reference You the of black-and-white photograph. You the tones the smoothest noticeable. To from the tones, the matches the and of the following: Select Black as the with or (Macintosh). as the clean and head, as and If the the correctly with software. with to the using higher the Quality/Speed to the Quality software; or (Macintosh). the Head instructions. Increase the or software
with the Memory You that the or the PC Card to PC Card Select from or the Then PC Card the Memory the PC and the seated the PC when the Memory and the PC EPSON 875DCS selected as the the or SP 875DCS selected the Chooser If exited EPSON to to this You cant the to Memory Stick. the to the the PC cant the theyre the The Memory corrupted. To Memory You cant the Memory Stick. write-to-disk Memory write-protected, and cant to from computer. the of the Memory to isnt locked.
The Memory appear the cant them. You to the to them instructions). If PC Card appears the the Memory Stick, EPSON USB RW Switcher read-only and write-to-disk EPSON 875DCS selected as the the or SP 875DCS selected the Chooser (Macintosh). You Memory when with reformatting the Memory the Memory cant back the If to the edited to Memory Stick. cant The Memory corrupted. To the Memory You that of the USB only). You to the to Memory You turned off or disconnected without first ejecting Memory Stick. To of this follow the to Memory Stick, and then Macintosh.
with feed. the and that Isnt or creased Isnt too Isnt the arrow the Isnt the (If the light flashing, the and the too tightly. Too the the software and both or If the the Press the to the Then the or software. If when the or too thin. If follow the and If follow the the off the cover, and the thats including that torn off. Press the If frequently: smooth, high-quality the and then the Dont the arrow the the the right and the once. the then: the isnt too thin. the of the of to the sheets, then the as the the too tightly.
Printout The incorrect. the software the Reference instructions. software instructions selecting the The within the of the Specifications Reference information. If selected or Margins) as Source to the You incorrect characters. the interface securely connected and that the the or Then selected or as the or the the Chooser. If switch with the directly to and The or incorrect. the and/or options correctly; or instructions the The inverted, as Turn off the Advanced the software or the software. (If EPSON Iron-On Cool the should inverted when The the the software Reference instructions. the head clogged. To the head,
Uninstalling Software If to and then software, such as when operating follow these Uninstalling Software Right-click the PhotoStarter the and the that If Memory and PC the PC the to them. the and Right-click the then the Double-click Double-click Click EPSON Software the and then the On the the EPSON 875DCS Then the EPSON USB Memory Card selected, then OK Follow the instructions the EPSON USB Devices the then the button. Follow the instructions the prompted to Select EPSON PhotoStarter and the Follow the instructions the EPSON USB RW Switcher and when software.
Uninstalling Software Right-click the PhotoStarter the and the that Left-click the the and EPSON SP 875DCS If Memory and PC the PC the then the to the Memory and Right-click the the and Double-click then the Double-click Click EPSON Software the and then the Change/Remove On the the EPSON 875DCS Then the EPSON USB Memory Card selected, then OK Follow the instructions the EPSON PhotoStarter the then the Change/Remove Follow the instructions the EPSON USB RW Switcher and the Change/Remove Follow the instructions to USB RW Switcher. Then and the Change/Remove the and the You the Click Next On the following Uninstall/Unplug and Next On the Uninstall selected and Next
this Select EPSON SP 875DCS and Next Click this to the to this and Next On the Then Uninstalling Software If Memory and PC the PC Memory to the (the titled Unknown the that memory then the to both the Memory and or the Memory to the Memory Stick. EPSON (Click the Application the right of and then EPSON PhotoStarter Click from the software CD-ROM. to the of the EPSON CD-ROM and the Double-click the and then the
Double-click the Then the to the Click the On the Uninstall from the and Uninstall Follow the instructions the to software. finished, Software software, first as Then follow the instructions the to software. (You to bonus photo software or
Where To If with or its software, the information below. If using the bonus software that with EPSON Technical EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services the following Service Access World From the reach EPSON www.epson.com At this and other such as brochures and and troubleshooting information. EPSON FTP EPSON Technical Automated Telephone Services other software the that software technical information. If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the user anonymous and as the To technical through to www.epson.com and the troubleshooting as requested. of services hours To these services, tone telephone and
To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM or charges apply. AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON 875DCS) Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the EPSON You purchase and from the EPSON or the EPSON www.epson.com (U.S. only). please Software Technical If technical or the software as below. Software Telephone www.adobe.com/ supportservice/custsupport AM to PM PST, through www.sierraimaging.com AM to PM PST, through
Notices This chapter includes instructions, notices, and other information about EPSON 875DCS. To and its software, should Microsoft PC with or recommended) or 64MB of RAM (128MB or recommended) 100MB of (200MB or recommended) CD-ROM or DVD the software SVGA or and Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction.
To and its software, should Apple or G3 or G4 with USB OS or (or OS with ROM or the Apple to operating 64MB of RAM (128MB recommended) 220MB of (200MB recommended) CD-ROM or DVD the software SVGA or and shielded USB AB to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction. NERGY TAR ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The EPA ENERGY STAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused
Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the the or or heating or sunlight. only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the off the Dont switch off the or the the or the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. light off.
Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the this If the thoroughly with and If them with the immediately from its If the This the head. the the back of the This and these the IC of cartridge-related information (such as the amount of that and freely. each the the If to the from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or the surrounding the the otherwise reduced quality. the within months of first them. cool, from allow to least three hours the or the the head hand; otherwise the the the head the right and the
What Covered: Inc. warrants to the first purchaser that the EPSON covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician service to whether the If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to You securely the and to within of of the You credit to the of the the that to the If choose to credit the only shipped to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of quality, and option another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of the covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and This warranty and apply to products purchased from This warranty cover to the EPSON and manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the EPSON its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to America, Inc. Warranty Inc. P.O. CA
According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: P154A This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. Declaration of Conformity FCC United States WARNING