rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Concerning of Copyrighted and and copying and of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as broad as people EPSON each user to and of the copyright when and EPSON, EPSON EPSON and MicroWeave and PRINT Matching of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. ColorLife, PhotoEnhance, and EPSON Software and EPSON EPSON PhotoCenter, EPSON and SoundAdvice service of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Printed CPD-15861R1 Copyright America, Inc. Copyright Notice
EPSON full-featured and CD/DVD from these advanced features: to inch) highlights, and of Direct CD/DVD labelswith and artworkfor the CDs and of Straight-through thick choices than
About Software CD-ROM includes the software the instructions. and You cant without Its to free to Download instructions EPSON Information on-screen to information about It includes EPSON animated CDs and and other It includes on-screen information about photo software includes these EPSON Software Factory that and flash. Supports PRINT (P.I.M. and II) and Print. (P.I.M. OS X.) P.I.M. II Photoshop PRINT Matching when JPEG from (Compatible with Photoshop and Photoshop and EPSON PhotoCenter photo-sharing where and high-resolution and postcards. to EPSON PhotoCenter with software EPSON CD directly CDs and and graphics professional-looking Works with CDs and (EPSON CD OS X.) SM
About To and its software, the This information, warranty, and instructions the EPSON Information Loading of with or CDs and Please follow these throughout: to injury. to to Notes information about hints about animated and as
the EPSON Information CDs or or the EPSON Information (EPIC) to animations that EPIC includes on-screen with Follow the instructions the to the EPSON Information You browsersuch as Microsoft or or or laterto the If the correctly. the Double-click the EPSON Information Click Click
Click title. the to replay or Click to EPSON the Double-click the EPSON Information Click You this Click topic Click the topic to Click topic to
Welcome!
Loading You of as these Loading below Loading Loading Loading information about the feed CDs and Loading the right of the the the too tightly). the and its the the the right
to: the Its often whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the to sheets of Loading You the following and of EPSON inches inches (A4) EPSON inches EPSON (A4) the and protective from the of the Then the the of as shown. the of the straight across, with corners. If the feeding the Loading
If the the of the and to touching the of the thats the the top of the Then the the and the the thickness to the Loading
the the the the then the other the the right the 4-inch as shown, or the 8.3-inch further the right). inches of and the Then the the too tightly). the the and the the the automatically. To that the straight, the cover and the Loading
If the crooked, the and three seconds to back the the Then turn the to the Press the to clear the through to the Loading the and its to the right of the the the too tightly). Loading
the thickness to the to back to the when each or Select the following when as the or The as the or as the instructions selecting these with OS to with OS X Loading
Loading To EPSON follow these type Loading capacity Bright White Quality Quality Cards with beneath the or with beneath the Heavyweight Double-Sided with beneath the Double-Sided Iron-On Quality Cards with the Its whiter or brighter than the other If the corner, the right as the the instructions with beneath the Loading
With photographs from EPSON years. The EPSON to when with EPSON that properly or EPSON with and life: EPSON recommends that or protective to them from atmospheric humidity, and high of with photographs, from sunlight. EPSON that or free, commonly from stores. the To EPSON or the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Loading SM
and its software as the the following: the right the and EPSON and EPSON the right each type of Thats why They what of using and what type of every these sections instructions selecting From Application Selecting
From Application software follow these to the From the You this EPSON selected. Click the Preferences or (If or Then Preferences or the Select Click to software
Select the following the Select Select Select or Select from these Quality rough with reduced Text: text-only with higher text Text with text and with higher and graphics with and or graphics with high The Quality this the of and the highest RPM) selected the Advanced the Then instructions selecting RPM. Select the the loaded. Selecting the Correct information about types. Select other as shown information about the or the type of
Click OK At the OK or to this appears and shows the of You the to or You Selecting apply to the currently If the Right the the right of Select You the shown From Application Select the applications, then OK You the necessary. Click to Click to or
You higher or selecting of and On the the Advanced the right of the If warning Select the following advanced as necessary: Select Quality as Click to RPM the photo and Select as necessary the highest RPM Please that this information about or instructions them as them the or If to the Advanced each the this first Select (To choose ICM first)
Once finished selecting advanced Click OK to to the and Click the to to the Click the and with to Select the following as necessary: Select options Select options Select and options these to information the or Click OK to then OK or
Selecting the Correct Select the what of using and the coverage accordingly. this this sheets or EPSON Bright White EPSON Iron-On EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Heavyweight EPSON Double-Sided EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Cards EPSON (including EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Quality Heavyweight
You with the the to the of the instructions Loading Although and without trimming, these and EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight inches) EPSON inches) EPSON inches) EPSON inches) EPSON inches) EPSON inches) Follow these to photo and the and Then or Preferences type or
You the following Select Select Select or Select or as the Quality Choose as the Source of the following types: Heavyweight Click the the and OK. Select Select or as the Click OK then OK or the type of
and its software as the the following: the right the and EPSON and EPSON Choose the right each type of Thats why They what of using and what type of these sections instructions selecting with OS to with OS X
with OS to selected the Chooser as From the Select the following Click OK to the From the You this Select higher or Select SP Select Select Select or Select the type of using Select or Black
Select the following Choose from the Selecting the Correct to or and white photograph. To text Black Choose to the to Quality to high-quality or (The types.) The Quality this the of and the highest RPM) selected Custom then the Advanced and instructions selecting RPM. You the following: Click to layouts, or Click to background and Click then to Click to information about the Click
If turned background EPSON IV from the Application the right of You the EPSON Select then to Click to or the If background and to the and the Click to
with OS If using OS follow the below to (If thats with follow the with OS to instead.) to the as the From the Select the following Select from the Format To with Margins) from the Format choose the option as the the using the selected matches the and within the choose than inches or than inches. Click OK to the Select from the Select or
From the You this Select from the chose the that selected Select from the Select the following as necessary: Select information about the The Quality this the of and the highest RPM) selected Custom then the Advanced and Select the chose from the Select the type of Select or Black Select higher or
You choose other selecting these options the pull-down to the of or to options to as PDF to the the or off the software Summary to of selections Custom (OS only), to selections (OS from the instead) Click To the of the when appears the the of With OS the You this: the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to finished,
OS to You advanced higher or selecting of and layouts. On the Custom then the Custom to information the If finished selecting to To to To Custom then Advanced Click then choose: (to or ColorSync (to match with from the Custom
Select these advanced as necessary: Click to RPM the Select options the highest quality, RPM. Please that this information advanced or instructions them as them the Click OK to then
OS You advanced higher or selecting of and On the Custom then the Custom to If finished selecting to To to To Advanced Click then choose: (to or ColorSync (to match with
Select these advanced as necessary: the highest RPM. Please that this information advanced or instructions them as them Click Click to RPM the Select options To from the pull-down
Selecting the Correct Select the what of and the coverage accordingly. this Select this sheets or EPSON Bright White EPSON Iron-On EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Heavyweight EPSON Double-Sided EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Cards EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON ColorLife EPSON Quality Heavyweight
You with the the to the of the instructions Loading Although and without these and EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight inches) EPSON inches) EPSON inches) EPSON inches) EPSON inches) EPSON inches) these sections instructions selecting OS to OS X type or
OS to photo and the and You the following: Select Choose as the Source. Click the the and OK Select or as the finished OK the and Select of the following Heavyweight Quality higher quality) or the Click
OS and the and You the following: Select the Format of the the or or Select Select or Click OK
the and You the following: Select the chose the that selected Select from the Select of the following Select Quality higher quality) or using the Click Select
CDs and EPSON options You directly CDs and and artwork. You of You the to heavy such as and to thick. Follow the instructions these CDs and below Card or Board CDs and includes that graphics, and directly CD or DVD. The EPSON CD software easy to and with of effects. You both CDs and CDs. Thermal CDs and should with this You CDs and from www.pcmall.com, www.warehouse.com, www.macconnection.com, and www.pcconnection.com. purchase CDs and that
Follow the these Cleaning the CDs and CD or DVD the the Cleaning the CDs or to the the You this feeding and ejecting of the turned and loaded. Press the to the the Press the to the and CDs and
CDs and You EPSON CD to and with graphics, and You or choose from selection of photographic and included with the EPSON CD software OS X. The to own to with existing and then EPSON CD. Click the or from the Select and OK or and You the CD the workspace: CDs and
To the background the Background or choose Background from the (Macintosh). You the following: Click Select or Select Background (Macintosh). You the following: Select of the included with the and OK or (Macintosh). (You the TWAIN to or from CDs and Click to background
If to choose of of the following: Click the then to the where and OK You thumbnail of the the Select and OK Macintosh: the where then the and If to the template or or of the features You the brightness, and or apply or effects. CDs and
To the of the following: Double-click text the CD to the text text and the to apply formatting and effects, then OK of the options the Text You the options the and To of the then the or finished, choose as from the to To to of CD or DVD. the then follow the instructions to ready to CD or DVD, follow the instructions CD or DVD CDs and Click to of text
CD or DVD the or CDs or or scratches the when the If to of CDs or to then and the to satisfactory. If to the or the instructions the and the CD or DVD, the turned the correctly. Then follow these the the the thickness to the The light flashing CDs and
the CD or DVD the CD with the white or the to the right to the CDs and
the the of the the cover and the the the white the with the of the White the the CDs and
the thickness to the The light the cover. Then follow the instructions below to with EPSON CD. created and CD or DVD, ready to the and or (Macintosh). EPSON selected, and the Source to or CDs and Select the or
Click OK the and or the button. You this Click OK or the CD or DVD To allow the to least hours the or from and sunlight. finished CDs and the thickness to the Dont the thickness this If to the or the instructions the and the the If and text centered or the to the the included with or CD. You these to the CD or DVD: the (or CD) the CD and the as EPSON CD. CDs and
Follow the instructions to EPSON selected, and the Source to or Select from the or the button. You this Select Confirmation (or and OK or (Macintosh). The the or CD. the or CD and the from the of the to the and as shown). these CDs and Select this
the and You this or Entry checked, then input the the Height or Top the the (Right) or Right Click OK to the to the EPSON CD the If smears CDs or to the or CDs from differently, to the each type of Follow these instructions to and then as necessary. CD or DVD as EPSON CD. Follow the instructions to EPSON selected, and the Source to or CDs and
Select from the or the You this Select Confirmation (or and OK or (Macintosh). the printed, the CD or DVD and the Correction (or Correction or as necessary. You three location. the first printed, the then through selecting or to the If to third Correction through and Third or Third the CD or DVD and least hours. Then the You the Brightness and EPSON CD to CDs and instructions. CDs and Select this
the correctly, as Loading Follow the the sections to or below OS to OS X Removing and photo and as necessary. the and Click or Preferences You this Choose or as the Quality CDs and
Choose as the Source. The as shown Select of the following as the option the the or printed. Prints as the option checked, the each Click to Select of the following as the the Select the photo as the Click OK then OK or printed, and CDs and
OS to photo and as necessary. the and You this Select the as the Choose as the Source. Click to of the following as the option checked, the the or printed. Sheet as the option checked, the each Click OK the and of the following as the the CDs and
Quality higher quality) or the Click printed, and OS and as necessary. the and You this Select the Format To or the selected within the choose than inches or than inches. Select the photo as the Click OK CDs and Select from the
the and Print. from the If selected option, the as chose chose the that selected from the You this Select the chose CDs and
Choose of the following, the selected: as the option the the or printed. Prints as the option checked, the each Select from the Select of the following as the the Select Quality higher or using the Click printed, Removing and CDs and
and printed, another or off the and the from the Press the to The the to the the the to the as finished to from the Press and the three seconds. The backwards of the You the thickness to the then the to the the to the the CDs and
Turn the to the of the the Then the to turn off the light. the of its mounting and the from the the to its resealable photo or glass-covered both and from high humidity, and sunlight. CDs and
Card or You the the back of the to white or board to inch or thick, the following or A4 the Then the (The to correctly.) the the the thickness to the The light flashing the to the right to the CDs and
the cover and of the of the with the to facing the the the leading inches) from the the the CDs and
the thickness to the (If the satisfactory, the thickness to the the If using the feed to rather than the thickness to the the cover and the to the the If the light flashes, the thickness correctly, then the or as the software or Macintosh finished the thickness to the Dont the thickness this CDs and
CDs and
Follow the instructions this chapter to its and to necessary: Cleaning the Head below Cartridge the Head Cleaning the Transporting the on-screen Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or or to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning This section to the head the Head Cleaning You clean the head holding the the three seconds. (This when the light off.) turn and least once month to
the Head Cleaning the turned and the light off. (If the light flashing or to Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning OS to the and choose or Click the then the Head Cleaning OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP the OK and Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds. The and the light flashes. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the light flashing, the then the following: Click Then Macintosh: Click Confirmation then Next
The the below If the or white If the white Clean to clean the head If cleaning three or four to and You the off and overnightthis allows to then try cleaning the head the the printed. Each should with as shown. If If (as shown below), the head the Head Cleaning Utility instructions.
Cartridge the light flashes, or the light to the cartridge(s). which or empty. than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the light off. Checking the To supply, the following: Double-click the the You this: OS to From the then the OS X: Choose Applications EPSON SP
You this: Purchasing Cartridges these EPSON within months of them and the the To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Black T007201 T009201 Click to information about the
Cartridge Precautions Warning: of the reach of If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with To the the head hand. You empty. though empty. the the obtained the the head and Cartridges Once the the (the light should flashing). Then the cover. Press and release the The head to the
The light to or If flashes the as the light, the If flashes as as the light, the If both You the to which of Checking the Supply information. The the right and the the the The from its the of the and of the from its Then the yellow top. Dont touch the board the back of the operation and
the the the the back. Dont the the the when Press the If to the other through with the cover and the button. The charging the
The light flashes and the Charging about finished, the light flashing and and the light off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the Head If or light or to the head. Turn the sheets of Right-click the the right of Select Head OS to From the or Click the then the Head OS X: the Applications and EPSON SP the OK and Head Follow the instructions the to You this
On the the with the top of each other. You to or each through the of the each the boxes the Then Next If cant choose the thats to Then to another and this Next this Click to the first the
and the as shown, with the right. Click to the On the and that light or
the of the each the boxes the and If cant that choose the that the Then to another and through Cleaning the To its should Turn off the the cord, and the the then to clean the If the outer or of the with cloth with the cover closed to from
If the off with cloth. Warning: Dont the or other the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Transporting the If to its or of To the when the the cover and the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the from the then the and Clean
the cover. the with the that with (or to the with to the the its location. the cover, the then the the and its the the protective that with them. the as the the or the head and If the head the head
Software software, follow the the to and to If XP, ME, or OS X, follow the software instructions the If OS to follow the instructions this chapter to software. Software OS to connected to and as the phases. Follow the instructions the sections below, first to and then to software. connected and turned Then the EPSON CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD the EPSON CD-ROM necessary, then the EPSON OS and the that and to the to the Click and follow the instructions the to the software and Macintosh.
with EPSON as instructed. the Chooser from the Apple Select SP and USB Turn background then the Chooser. Follow the instructions the section to the installation. Optional Software Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM then the EPSON OS and the that Click EPSON Information then follow the instructions the to Click Software and the each to learn about If the and follow the instructions the Then to to the Software If about QuickTime, and follow the instructions the You finished, and Click CD Software then follow the instructions the to EPSON CD. and the prompted. ready to Software
to what the of Then these sections and Software Quality CD/DVD Uninstalling and Software Where To Its to free to Download instructions
Edge USB interface interface cover feed feed thickness
the lights below) or Lights Explanation light The flashes charging or cleaning the head. light and the light flashes the light flashes The thickness incorrectly. light flashes One of the the that appears to which or follow the instructions Checking the Supply light One of the of or then follow the and Cartridges to light and One or both of the correctly. light as Press the to the If the light flashing, the and including or torn Then and the to You the thickness to the the then the to the If using the If the to the then to and the thickness to the the that the Loading instructions. If incompatible with the or incorrectly installed. or with the as
Lights Explanation light off; and lights flashing light off; and lights flashing You to whether from the or other Turn off and the interface the the button, then and release the release both buttons. showing the ROM counter and (If the to the head as of the head. Turn off the then the cover and or other Turn the back If the lights or EPSON as Where To The internal Turn off the seconds, and If the lights flashing, or EPSON as To
If the the software interface or or software correctly. If the with the and If nothing or EPSON as Where To Turn off the the interface then and
and and Software The installation. the charge its head or finished (the light flashing) turn off the or the the completely and the Turn off the then turn back the software. turned and its securely connected both Follow the the or OS to and the other including and protectors, and If the SP appear the Chooser, Turn off and If with software If and the USB from the USB correctly. the USB properly If Network on-screen instructions
the light nothing the interface securely connected both and the as If the software correctly. If as Network on-screen The sounds as though nothing The head cleaning; instructions. The properly or when or awhile. too the If high-resolution than the You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the try these Select as the Quality or the Quality/Speed to the Advanced High or MicroWeave off and High (Macintosh). If to USB USB If using the ECP/DMA or the instructions.
Quality You (light Clean the head instructions. Select higher Quality or Quality and off High or Macintosh the or matches or the of the The replacing; using only); Macintosh instructions. the head as Margins to or Margins) OS X) selected. the expanded or smeared. isnt curled, or with or the the on-screen
EPSON and absorption. the thickness to and CDs or or heavy the head as or Clean the head instructions. The or Checking the Supply the or (Macintosh) matches or isnt dirty, or If EPSON higher or higher Quality or Quality or the head as Increase the or software You or Black only off or selected and white photographs. Clean the head instructions. The or Checking the Supply turning off PhotoEnhance. using that
using only). Macintosh instructions. the or to the Advanced exactly match such as ICM or ColorSync (Macintosh)to as as or or If the the Press the to the then the If when the or too thin. sheets correctly or the If feed or feed, from the the of the them the right of the and the too tightly, the Dont the arrow the If the If necessary, the cover and or torn and the You the thickness to the the and then the to the Card feed correctly or the Follow the Card or Board to the feed
feed correctly or the the of the straight If the feed smoothly. If the curled, the of and backwards the the the with hand; force the the Select or as the Source or Source If another too feed. If the three seconds to the to back the If the light the to off. the as Loading CD/DVD and text the CD/DVD. the as the smears the CD/DVD or too light. the as the You the or as CDs and CDs. Printed CDs or dirty. Clean the as Cleaning the The light flashes quickly. the thickness to the CD or DVD
The inverted, as Turn off or the software or the or to Advanced The selected the the active the Chooser OS to or selected the Format the and the OS X). Clean the head Cleaning the Head instructions. You incorrect characters. the interface securely connected both and the selected the the active the Chooser OS to or selected the Format the and the OS X). If switch or USB with the directly to instead. The incorrect. the or Choose the The within the of the Printable If OS choose the the and the the right of the with the
If using the the as the option correctly or or Too that the option software or incorrect. the and options correctly. If OS choose the the and the
Uninstalling and Software You to then and operating You to other photo software, CD software, or the EPSON Information Click and or to or EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall the EPSON and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. then the sheet to software. If the EPSON Software or P.I.M. II the ICC You the from the CD-ROM. OS to software CD-ROM. Double-click EPSON then EPSON the that The appears. Click then On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall Then click the Uninstall the and follow the instructions. then the Software to software.
OS the Applications then the Select the and items then the then the to software. Where To EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services below: Service World From the reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. Please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Product (located the back of the and its of purchase (such as and of purchase of services hours To these services, tone and EPSON SoundAdvice SM this to the EPSON SoundAdvice.
and operating of the You purchase and from the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
and Notices To and its software, should Microsoft PC with II or Microsoft or XP 128MB or of RAM recommended 200MB or recommended VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD the software USB Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB to high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to with D-SUB, and To and its software, should Apple or G3 or G4, or OS through or OS to features supported) 128MB or of RAM recommended (256MB or recommended OS X) 200MB or of free recommended VGA or CD-ROM or DVD the software shielded USB AB to
Instructions these instructions to and effectively: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the near outlet where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the and from of interference, such as or telephone locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the least inches the back of the and the the or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or or the its or This allow to from the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the Dont switch off the the off the light off. or the the or cover the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. and Notices
Cartridge Instructions of the reach of when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with hand the or the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced quality. the the the within months of first them. cool, with the of the facing from allow to least three hours from its this or tear the this the or to them. This the head. the IC the of the This operation and If the supply from and and the as the that there the covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the the head the right and the the with the included to the and Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 and Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: B211A NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused and Notices
Inc. Warranty What Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the first purchaser that the EPSON covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of from the of purchase. EPSON warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON warranty service, of the of purchase. What EPSON To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. EPSON service technician service to whether the service. If service EPSON its option, or the without charge or If EPSON authorizes the EPSON to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to EPSON within of of the EPSON or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, EPSON to to EPSON or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the EPSON authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes EPSON property. The or or to the EPSON of and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not Cover This warranty covers the United States and This warranty and apply to products purchased from This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the EPSON caused or manufactured, distributed or EPSON. This warranty cover ribbons, or third or to the EPSON its from EPSON, or boards or EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. and Notices SM
THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to America, Inc. P. O. CA and Notices
and Notices
EPSON and Cartridges EPSON and to the photo that earned of their awards! EPSON specially to with EPSON about of and EPSON ideas: Water-resistant, photographic-weight with high finish. Perfect photographic and of cut-sheet and recommended this type. Heavyweight Heavyweight, bright white, ultra-smooth coated with finish. Perfect and of cherished photographs. EPSON Cartridges the back of EPSON and and information. With its thickness and finish, this the appearance of photograph. and and photographic applications. both 4-inch and EPSON Black T007201 T009201 information other EPSON products and ideas, the EPSON www.printlabseries.com SM
To EPSON and To EPSON and other or the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please EPSON Cartridges Cartridge Black T007201 T009201 EPSON EPSON Bright White inches) S041586 EPSON Quality inches) S041062 EPSON or EPSON inches) S041141/S041272/ S041271/S041649 EPSON inches) S041500 EPSON Double-Sided inches) S041568 EPSON Heavyweight inches) S041257 EPSON inches) S041286/S041667 EPSON inches) S041331 EPSON inches) S041405 EPSON inches) S041064 EPSON Quality A4 inches) S041106 EPSON Iron-On inches) S041153/S041155 EPSON Cards inches); perforated S041606 EPSON (CD-ROM/stickers) A6 inches) S041144-KIT EPSON A6 inches) S041144 of location. the A4 inches) S041061 inches) S041067 A4 inches) S041140 inches) S041145 inches, S041682 inches, S041464 inches S041302 inches S041376 inches S041329 inches S041408