to to Unpacking Unpacking Unpacking Unpacking Unpacking the and attaching the Unpack the catcher software CD-ROM attached countries. The locations. the Cartridges Turn the The selection displayed the LCD Press the or to the then the Select button. The to displayed. the the of the from the top of the the The properly. this Without applying force, the they Press the The It about and The displayed the LCD While the of mechanical sounds. This the off the charging charging charging finished, the Press to finish. the LCD Press the The with partly to high the head with This one-off of and their rated life. Checking the Checking the Checking the Checking the the head Press the Press the head to cleaned If the satisfactorily, the Custom to finish. If the satisfactorily, the Custom to the head, then the Custom to the Head and ready to directly from memory to and Reference instructions. the with to the section. the Reference If the when the cord, off the the the lights the the the the Software Software Software Software the with USB that the off. the Software the Software, to the Software the Reference that the off. the software CD the CD-ROM If the appear, SETUP.EXE the CD-ROM. Select Software and Follow the on-screen instructions. Turn off protection the software. OS 8.5.1/8.6/9.X users the software CD the CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON Software and then Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the software, choose Chooser from the Apple and then the and the that connected OS users the software CD the CD-ROM Double-click the OS and then the If the Authorization the the and OK and then Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the software, follow the instruction below to Double-click HD Double-click the Application Double-click the Double-click the Click Select EPSON USB Select Click Double-click the OS the CD, and then the Then follow the on-screen instructions to the to Accessing the Accessing the Accessing the Accessing the Reference Reference Reference Reference English the Reference instructions when from the the first The Reference information the following: options Product Information To Instructions Please to Follow these to the Reference the software CD the CD-ROM the and then the EPSON and then On OS X, the appear when the software CD To the Reference English REF_G INDEX.HTM the EPSON The Technical with to the Technical the following You them clicking Technical the or the of the software. further information the services the Reference users the CD the CD-ROM Double-click EPSON Select Technical and further information the services the Reference Instructions of the instructions this section when and using choosing the to and humidity. Also, the from sunlight, light, or heat to shocks, and enough around the to allow the near where the easily the that the If the than the back of the and the The properly or the it its or turn from the choosing the type of indicated the AC the or cord. If with the that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the outlet the If to the Germany, the building protected or to short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the them. the this of the reach of allow children to from or otherwise the when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. or the IC that located the of the or tear the the this each that the of its rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION from interference that from the of interface other than those as EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Apple and of Apple Computer, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those and Notes OS users Access the You the the LCD the with the the LCD when the light or flashes. Lights and and Black The nearly empty. Black The or and The nearly empty. The or the the or the or cover the the to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the the normally or performance. through the the to the the the the head and the from using the the of the reach of the and the (such as or or the Information United of options EPSON (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products EPSON (UK) Limited. information Warning: to the rating the and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following If to the of the of this match the coloured to the terminals please the following: The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. If the the or only with of the and Notes information and the operation of the with the with