COLOR 900N America, Inc.
February PM rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON and ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SoundAdvice service and EPSON FaxAdvice and PhotoEnhance of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc. CPD Printed with least Copyright Notice
February PM This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. FCC United States WARNING
February PM Introduction EPSON COLOR 900N Professional the business graphics, photographs, and You from reports and to and with The with these features: to and smoothest Integrated Ethernet connectivity of and operating and text or of Great including and High
February PM to This to and covers basic and procedures. It the following information: to and to the the Network instructions the software and to the the the Workstations to the the workstations and the they the the and to and EPSON COLOR 900N covers the basics of with or instructions cleaning and the heads, and cleaning and the to Chapter Software From to or and software from them. included the of the as this to the and Ethernet information. the EPSON COLOR 900N instructions using
February PM Notes, and Please follow these followed to injury. to to Notes information about hints
February PM To and its software with PC, should IBM PC with least or NT or DOS, Microsoft or NT At least 16MB of RAM (32MB recommended or or 64MB NT At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or recommended) the software Ethernet twisted-pair or to the Ethernet to information OS/2 and UNIX
February PM To and its software with Macintosh, should One of the following LC475, LC575, LC630 or or or or recommended), or with or At least 16MB of RAM (32MB recommended) At least 50MB of (100MB recommended) RGB or CD-ROM or recommended) the software Network to Ethernet twisted-pair or to the Ethernet to
February PM NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, printers, and to reduce caused Ready EPSON Year Ready. the other of and ready the year right Ethernet thickness cover
February PM About Software The software CD-ROM includes the software and The EPSON NT and Macintosh) allows to including NetWare TCP/IP, and EPSON allows to the and TCP/IP and Macintosh) and The EPSON Creation that CD-ROM
February PM Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively: Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating or sunlight. or cover the the or through the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the as specifically this to service the yourself. the off using the Dont switch off the or the the light off.
February PM the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions the or the of the If it off with and If them immediately with of the reach of the or to them. This to the head. Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of them. this this the the off using the light flashes then the or off the to the the the the head the right and the light off.
February PM
February PM This chapter to the following: Unpack the the the the to Unpack the from the as the the Then these items: to this EPSON software CD-ROM
February PM the the the the back of the the near grounded areas: With high or sunlight or Near of heat or interference, such as or to and follow the instructions the Introduction.
February PM the Cartridges should Then the grounded the turned off (the Unwrap the Then the of the the top, as shown. Dont off the or the clear the Dont outlet switch or or that the as This the which memory or the supply. To the heads charge correctly, the that with You the from the top of the or permanently Its of the the
February PM the and the cover. light flashes and the Press the and lights The slightly to the the to the The to turn the or off. the switch the
February PM the the with the facing and the back of the as shown. Then the clicks cleaning to the the and to the cleaning to charging the and then the cover. Press the light flashes and the sounds finished. Dont off the or this charging or using than necessary. Charging finished when the Charging about The If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with light flashing, the hasnt or than off the when the light flashing and
February PM the the right than of with the and the right Then the to the Dont higher than the arrow the
February PM the to Network to Ethernet twisted-pair or the to the the To the the while the the seconds. To the sheet and about three seconds. This information, including the and MAC of the the when the Ethernet twisted-pair or
February PM
instconf.fm February PM the the Network the below to network (operating and and what to and where to instructions operating using the Ethernet internal the information. TCP/IP EPSON EPSON each workstation IP the Ethernet NetWare, NT Network What to and (TCP/IP EPSON and NetWare EPSON each workstation EPSON EPSON IP the Ethernet the Ethernet each workstation or PCONSOLE Chapter each workstation acts as only; cant workstation to the Ethernet or the the each workstation and the
instconf.fm February PM DOS NetWare, NT Workgroups NT (Service or higher) EPSON and UNIX TCP/IP and UNIX the or Chapter IBM OS/2 Warp Chapter To the Ethernet TCP/IP as as Microsoft or or TM or If NT to the the NT Network What to and TCP/IP EPSON (TCP/IP EPSON and NetWare EPSON TCP/IP Chapter DOS acts as only, cant DOS workstation to the EPSON IP the Ethernet each workstation** EPSON EPSON IP the Ethernet the Ethernet each workstation** using or PCONSOLE Chapter each workstation** each
instconf.fm February PM the Network Software To the Ethernet to the software (EPSON only workstation or the If TCP/IP to EPSON and workstations to the EPSON TCP/IP as (NT) or (NetWare). off other active including protection EPSON If the following and operating should EPSON to the or NT with NetWare or TCP/IP with If to to the software, Then follow the instructions, TCP/IP to the to the IP instead of EPSON
instconf.fm February PM EPSON the software CD-ROM You the EPSON If the appear, to and the CD-ROM to the EPSON Highlight and the right arrow Follow the instructions to EPSON finished, to information about including and instructions. traffic, to to the Ethernet with EPSON NetWare and TCP/IP and If or TCP/IP to each to EPSON TCP/IP and TCP/IP built-in NT.
instconf.fm February PM EPSON EPSON the software CD-ROM CD-ROM Copy EPSON to the created. EPSON to following the EPSON that each that the the and the EPSON COLOR 900N of EPSON These together to allow to information the information from the or from of the workstations where It the and the It traffic, however, to the of users who the includes the EPSON TCP/IP which allows and to with TCP/IP. If or and TCP/IP to each workstation that the You the this section, the as the first of You to the the
instconf.fm February PM Follow these to the software CD-ROM. You the following If the appear, type D:\EPSETUP (where D: the of CD-ROM) and OK to the EPSON Highlight Network and the right arrow and Next appears where to Click Next to the directory or choose directory and Next If or and TCP/IP to EPSON TCP/IP Select to with TCP/IP, and then Next TCP/IP Select the type of printer(s) to and Next EPSON TCP/IP shared NetWare
instconf.fm February PM Select to EPSON that Select Then Next If using NetWare, the of to and Next of hops:_______ the and Next Select and the of From the EPSON highlight EPSON COLOR 900N and the right arrow Click Next then follow through the those the and Next Select and to right-click the background the Click Stop This off background which with EPSON when the EPSON COLOR 900N or Chapter to background the software, the Ethernet TCP/IP or EPSON to NetWare If routers NetWare they the and the the of To this and to to
instconf.fm February PM NetWare You the NDS or with and EPSON (If to PCONSOLE, follow the the sections below, whether to the as or as to You first to and If the to NDS, the and the If using EPSON to off background (You should the of that the however, to the related to the right the the directory Confirm the from the with the SET BINDERY CONTEXT command. NetWare information. text the NPRINT or DOS redirection, or characters might the
instconf.fm February PM Follow these to to the NDS tree (or to the with with or the Click the directory (or and and then the and Click the directory (or and and then the and
instconf.fm February PM Click the directory (or and then and then the and the Then The created to the NDS tree (or Double-click the the NetWare
instconf.fm February PM The appears. Click Assignments and then From the the to and OK to Remote Other/Unknown the type and OK
instconf.fm February PM Double-click the the NetWare The appears. Click Assignments and then From the the to and OK
instconf.fm February PM to back to the and the to the from to Double-click the the NetWare
instconf.fm February PM The appears. Click Assignments that the and the assigned to the You to EPSON to the the section below. to
instconf.fm February PM EPSON to the Card Once the or PCONSOLE, the with EPSON as below. Follow these EPSON The following appears: Highlight EPSON COLOR 900N and If the or background turned with EPSON and off background following If connected than with the type of Ethernet to the distinguish the their MAC Press and the three seconds to sheet with the MAC of the If the IP to the IP the might appear.
instconf.fm February PM Click the NetWare and the following type Select of the following: Ethernet Ethernet Ethernet II or SNAP NDS Select or NDS Tree If NDS type the as to characters). NDS NDS the the Directory the to characters) from the to the type the the top.
instconf.fm February PM Click the and the following Select the where created the to characters. The characters appear as to characters. The consists of the and the of the Ethernet Polling the from to seconds. Click OK to changes. If the appears the NetWare the characters and of characters
instconf.fm February PM the MONITOR.NLM, the Information. the assigned to the Ethernet to the Active It to to this. EPSON to the Card Remote Follow these From the of the where the the with the following the which assigned PSERVER Once to the Ethernet the (the appears) off the If the or background turned with EPSON and off background following If connected than with the type of Ethernet to the distinguish the their MAC Press and the three seconds to with the MAC of the If the IP to the IP the might appear.
instconf.fm February PM EPSON The following appears: Highlight and Click the NetWare and the following type Select of the following: Ethernet Ethernet Ethernet II Ethernet SNAP Select
instconf.fm February PM NDS Select or NDS Tree If using NDS type the to characters) as NDS NDS the the Directory the to characters) from the to the type the the top. Click the Remote and the following Select the created. the assigned to the NetWare the characters and of characters
instconf.fm February PM Click OK to If the appears the Select from the of the Then the serviced that the which the Serviced TCP/IP or NT with TCP/IP or to the IP You EPSON or the command to this, as the sections below. and with the TCP/IP to TCP/IP, to the EPSON TCP/IP included with instructions. or to TCP/IP. EPSON the Ethernet and the of the as the using to the Also, to know the IP the and the IP to the Once to the Ethernet the (the appears) turn off the If the or background turned with EPSON and off background following
instconf.fm February PM Follow these to IP the Ethernet connected to the and the turned Click to to EPSON then EPSON Click the where to the IP and then the If connected than with the type of Ethernet to the distinguish the their MAC Press and the three seconds to with the MAC of the
instconf.fm February PM Click the TCP/IP to the TCP/IP The of IP of the following: RARP BOOTP or DHCP Assign the IP the and the If DHCP to IP cant these items; they assigned the To RARP, BOOTP, or DHCP, each necessary. If there of these operating the If the internal assign IP manually. The IP If to the internal the IP If or router acts as type the If there type the IP of
instconf.fm February PM Click OK to the The when the appears. OK turning off the the to reach the using TCP/IP, to the following each that the the to the Ethernet the Command the and the of the as the to the Also, to the IP the and the IP assign to the Ethernet Follow these to assign the IP Click to and the Network or highlight TCP/IP and then the Gateway NT, the Highlight TCP/IP and Click the IP the Gateway to or Click OK to the TCP/IP and then OK to the and Click to the MAC the Ethernet the Click to then the MS-DOS Prompt to DOS
instconf.fm February PM the following to the routing the ARP that assigns IP to the of the Ethernet the following command: <IP <MAC 00-00-48-92-BD-9A least the to reach the then to the the following with the IP <IP You to the following: Reply from bytes=32 TTL=30 Reply from bytes=32 TTL=30 Reply from bytes=32 TTL=30 Reply from bytes=32 TTL=30 This shows that the Ethernet correctly TCP/IP. If that the correctly. the the of the as the workstation to and that typed the IP and MAC NT, the shown the MAC If the to the Chapter Troubleshooting, the to
instconf.fm February PM TCP/IP, to the following each that the the to the Ethernet To to the Ethernet Follow these to EPSON the EPSON You the following:
instconf.fm February PM Highlight COLOR and The IP and appears. the following the the to characters). The consists of the and the of the Ethernet Entity You to this option. Select the which the to appear. If the appears. Network Select the network should Network The If selected the Network cant type the manually.
instconf.fm February PM Click the to the to the Ethernet If the appears, the You to to EPSON COLOR 900N. the the internal the TCP/IP the workstations that the the IP Ethernet Microsoft or or or Then, follow these to the Ethernet and the EPSON Click the to from the and the EPSON automatically. the and type the IP the Ethernet EPSON while the the following URL: (IP of the Ethernet The appears. EPSON and the Ethernet cant the If assigned IP to the Ethernet or the (including when DHCP to IP cant the Ethernet the Ethernet
instconf.fm February PM Click Network the The appears. Select to the to characters), the to characters), and the to characters). There the characters or operating Click SUBMIT to the If type the to the when prompted. If related The the of the to the the the type the or the the
instconf.fm February PM If the appears the the pressing RESET or turning off and
February PM the the Workstations This chapter to the computers, to the and computers, to the the Chooser. NT to the each workstation to to If and NT workstations to the and of other information about traffic, might to the of who the To the instructions If workstation CD-ROM from the CD-ROM another instructions. the The the software CD-ROM that with If NT to the each workstation. NT to If and/or TCP/IP EPSON each workstation.
February PM or NT the software CD-ROM. You the EPSON Installation If the and type D:\EPSETUP (where D: the of CD-ROM). Then OK Highlight and the right arrow Click OK to the to LPT1. You to to follow the to the section below.
February PM Follow the below to the NT the TCP/IP service Click to and Right-click the EPSON COLOR 900N Select or the NT the Click or and choose the or that Then OK NT LPR then type the IP and the to assign. Click OK and OK and the software CD-ROM. the and D:\EPSETUP (where D: the of CD-ROM) and OK You the Software (shown Highlight and the right arrow Click OK to the software. to LPT1. You to to follow the to the section below.
February PM Follow these to the the and EPSON COLOR 900N from the of Select Network from the the New type the and or to the to Click and then Turn and and turn off protection the software CD-ROM. Double-click the Follow the instructions the screen and To the or the Ethernet to the SC (AT) the Chooser and turned information.
February PM If or NT workstation, follow the below to the and that the correctly. the turned and sheet of loaded. to and Right-click the EPSON COLOR 900N and You the Click the and The and to that correctly. If the or EPSON COLOR 900N and Troubleshooting, to
February PM
February PM and This chapter to the EPSON COLOR 900N and to the the Follow the instructions below operating to the EPSON COLOR 900N from the CD-ROM to and NT the software CD-ROM CD-ROM Then or to the to directory the software CD-ROM CD-ROM Then to the and to directory the software CD-ROM CD-ROM Then the MANUAL to to to the If already from the software CD-ROM as below.
February PM Follow the instructions below to necessary: and NT: the software CD-ROM CD-ROM the and the right arrow Follow the instructions the to the software CD-ROM CD-ROM the and D:\ADOBE\16BIT\ACRO16.EXE (where D: CD-ROM or the to the Click OK and follow the instructions the to The the software CD-ROM CD-ROM Double-click the and follow the instructions the to Follow the instructions below operating to EPSON COLOR 900N and NT or and the If the the and the and the If the the and the the 900N MANUAL.PDF the MANUAL and The automatically.
February PM this and First There to through Click topics, which or displayed To topic If the hand, the topic hotyou to clicking once. If the the section the of the to to the topic of choice. Click the the to the section. the arrow the or the the right of the to through (The to the of the displays the If information, and the Previous Next
February PM
basicprn.fm February PM This chapter what to to as or photographfrom the to selecting to Follow the instructions operating these with with instructions such as EPSON or instructions to Custom and the Advanced
basicprn.fm February PM with and turned of with the and the right Then the the the than the arrow the If or the top of the the first. the right to this arrow and to the and You the (the slightly selected EPSON COLOR 900N selected. If If or that instead; then the
basicprn.fm February PM If and to If or Then the or the the If necessary, the to the shown below: Quality/Speed or NT Quality/Speed
basicprn.fm February PM the following the to (If type of the as instructions to to the option to This the to of of the Quality/Speed to the Quality This selects high (The types. You higher the Advanced [More instructions.) Click the the top of the to the of or and with
basicprn.fm February PM Click the with to reduce or sheet of or Click OK the Click OK to the appears and shows the of You or as necessary. NT information the EPSON COLOR 900N instructions the Reduce/Enlarge, and
basicprn.fm February PM with and turned of with the and the right Then the the the than the arrow the If or the top of the the first. the only right to this arrow and to the and choose You this: Choose orientation, and Then OK
basicprn.fm February PM the and choose You the the following the to (If type of as instructions to to the option to This the to of of the Quality/Speed to the Quality This selects high (The types. You higher the Advanced instructions.) Quality/Speed
basicprn.fm February PM Click the to reduce or of or Click the Background to or Click the then the that appears, to and other The to the
basicprn.fm February PM Click to If turned background the EPSON to the You or as necessary. currently to Click to or information the EPSON COLOR 900N instructions the Custom EPSON COLOR 900N software includes with options of or imagessuch as photographs, graphics, and These the type of and operating and the and choose. You the Advanced to as
basicprn.fm February PM Follow these to with types: or software. Access the as with or with Macintosh Choose the to (If which to choose, Selecting the Correct Choose or Black Click Custom Advanced and then Custom You the of types. Click Custom then to of NT Click Advanced then to of Click Custom then to of
basicprn.fm February PM Choose the right and following these PhotoEnhance3 NT, or Macintosh) or PhotoEnhance or and the and brightness. with using or Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and rough of ICM Matching; and only): created ICM with recommended with created using such as those the World ColorSync only): to closely match the the and to or On Macintosh, or the and the boxes. finished, OK then other buttons or choose and type. with the or choose. with PhotoEnhance3 or PhotoEnhance and
basicprn.fm February PM the Advanced and effects. You as them whenever information, EPSON COLOR 900N or software. Then the as with or with Macintosh Click Custom and then the Advanced button. Advanced then the More You the Advanced NT of these options or other choose Click to Quality of these options or other choose Click to Quality
basicprn.fm February PM Choose the and to These the as the selected the You them as Choose of the following Quality options low-resolution rough Normal or high-speed, high-quality high-resolution the highest-resolution Choose of the following Select when text only. photographic each with the around Dithering or other that of bright Choose of the following MicroWeave This option selected or the Quality choose and MicroWeave to (light High fast, bidirectional of with iron-on ironed-on correctly. graphics, and art with and memory. The Quality the choose.
basicprn.fm February PM (the operating choose the of from to other software). You then individually the of Brightness, and and increase or the amount of and to PhotoEnhance3 NT, or Macintosh) or using or the photograph the to the of or Correction and the Sharpness ICM and only) created ICM with recommended with created such as those the World ColorSync only): Automatically to closely match the Select other to the software. Click OK then other that or instructions softwares EPSON COLOR 900N them as group. Then them whenever Click the Advanced and OK. the
basicprn.fm February PM the and To EPSON included free the EPSON that with Then follow the instructions below to and EPSON of EPSON and information, the back cover. instructions EPSON EPSON COLOR 900N EPSON EPSON includes and 6-inch You EPSON to photographs that as as the from processing. EPSON 6-inch around the and the photoextend to the of the paperon A4 inches) and inches) the following when EPSON the with the whiter facing to of 6-inch, or or of it included the To their them or other airtight covering and them from heat, humidity, and sunlight. to the as as If follow the instructions with or with to and the to as the
basicprn.fm February PM If 6-inch follow these the the right with the facing and the perforated as shown: You to of 6-inch the included and beneath the them. the the of the the software, to inches. You softwares Reduce/Enlarge as EPSON COLOR 900N Choose as the Choose as the and as the the back and forth the perforations and tear the off.
basicprn.fm February PM You to the first and the right and the as shown You each or Select as the and choose the as the the software. the thickness to the when or other thick as shown the to the
basicprn.fm February PM Selecting the Correct to about choosing the software. the below which to choose. EPSON COLOR 900N this Select this sheets or EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON If that with cleaning the cleaning with the Quality Quality
February PM This section the to to its and to follow the instructions this chapter Cleaning the head the head the EPSON COLOR 900N as Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to clean the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head clean You the head of the following the Head Cleaning software (when the connected to as the buttons, as finished cleaning the head. If that with cleaning the cleaning with the
February PM the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning the turned and both the lights off. Access the as with or with Macintosh Click the or the (Macintosh). On the the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning which the and the light flashes. light flashing, to the and the cleaning the the and or Confirmation (Macintosh). Then Next The the If the completely, If the Clean to the head If cleaning or three the Quality off the while the light the hasnt or than and
February PM the Follow these to the head using the the turned and both the lights off. cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning which the and the Press the light flashes. light flashing, to the and the cleaning the If or to If DOS, and containing and Then to and the as with or with Click the or the You the the the and Next The the the If the completely, If the Clean to the head If cleaning or three the Quality light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the and
February PM the the It should something this: and straight should with the If If as shown to the right, clean the head instructions. Cartridge light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to You empty. the You the EPSON EPSON COLOR 900N these EPSON within months of them and the the Black T003011 T005011 or To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty.
February PM or EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please If to the lights the too follow the instructions Outdated Cartridge Removing and Cartridges light flashing or (If these when both lights off, the cleans the heads as You when the Follow these to the from its the yellow of the top as shown to the right. Dont off the or to the clear the the turned and then the cover. cleaning and about three seconds the head and the Press the light flashing. The head to the or which empty. You the from the top of the or permanently the clear from the of the or the
February PM the The from its the of the and of the its with the facing and the back of the Press the If to the other through with cleaning and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes, and the sounds. Charging about finished, the The light flashing and To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with light flashing, the hasnt or than turn off the while the
February PM Outdated Cartridge If than months to You that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or both light flashing or Follow these to the the from its the of the top as shown below. Dont off the or to the clear the the turned and then the cover. and three seconds the head to the to the and the Press the light flashing. the head to the If to the the You the from the top of the or permanently the clear from the of the To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant the or
February PM the The from its the of the and of the its with the facing and the back of the Press the The head to the If to the through Then with Press the Press the The the head and charging the The light flashes and the sounds. light flashing and Charging about finished, the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with and the cover. light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the
February PM the Head If to the head. If using DOS, follow the instructions EPSON COLOR 900N instead. Follow these the turned and loaded. Access the as or Click the or the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to and the thats least inches This from the and the EPSON the whenever the head
February PM Cleaning the To its should Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the sheet Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the and or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the
February PM Transporting the If to its Follow these Turn the and the head the right Then off the the from the Then the from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the the and the the protective that with the that with to the as If the clean the head the head To the when the to the the its location.
February PM
February PM This section the basics and First below to what the of the Then and to and software There the Troubleshooting section of EPSON COLOR 900N If of the EPSON or Where To You the lights, as below. It helpful to try instructions. Checking the Lights light light light cleaning light
February PM Follow these when the lights or flash: The flashes the the light flashes, or light to the instructions. or flash, and and and the lights flash, internal the as the Then off the seconds, and turn If the lights or or EPSON; information. off the lights off, the these light when the and ready to It flashes when the or operation, such as cleaning the head. light flashes, Turn off the and of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the to the Then the light or incorrectly loaded. of the curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the to the Press the to the and lights of the head. Turn off the seconds, and back If turn off the the and If the lights or or EPSON; information. the Turn off the the securely, and the the outlet switch or and lights and the and
February PM You to whether the from the or other Follow these to the both the and turned off. the interface from the the button. the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and the shown below. To the off the the Then the interface and and If the satisfactory, the software the interface or If the correctly, with First try cleaning the head Then the and information. thats least inches This from the and then and release the the
February PM and troubleshooting software, or the or Its Software If the and the The first the charge its Please charging finished (the light flashing) off the If off the while charging the the and than necessary. the completely and that the If when or while If the software follow the instructions the software or turned and the securely connected to the and closed other applications, including Then the software
February PM If appear the Chooser conflicts. GX the and SC (AT) and then Macintosh. Also, to You too items the Chooser. items and the Chooser If cant the when both of If and as Then, to that, following the instructions Once background EPSON COLOR 900N Quality If the head clogged. To clean the head,
February PM the matches the loaded. the of the It usually the whiter or of the If light flashing, the If than months to or (Macintosh) instructions. the thickness the as shown to the right. the thickness to the when thicker or If the head clogged. To the head, the Head instructions. the thickness If the thicker or and
February PM the thickness to the If or smeared isnt or (the should If of with or or the EPSON COLOR 900N the Head instructions. the thickness If the thicker or and smear. the thickness to the as shown
February PM If or the the head clogged. To the head, isnt dirty, or If of with the The whiter or If incorrect or the to the head clogged. To the head, the or too If light flashing, the If than months to or (Macintosh) instructions. exactly match on-screen to as as information softwares matching options, EPSON COLOR 900N
February PM If incorrect characters securely connected. that the connected correctly and the the network to the from selected as the or as the or as the the Chooser. to EPSON COLOR 900N instructions selecting the or To the Chooser, If higher the Quality/Speed to the Quality software; or (Macintosh) instructions. the Head instructions. You to increase the or software instructions. Uninstalling Software If to and software (the EPSON or EPSON follow the this section. Uninstalling If of the that should and then follow the the section below operating
February PM and Follow the below to the Click to and then Double-click EPSON Software the Click the Follow the instructions the to software. To software, Double-click the then the Double-click Select EPSON COLOR 900N the and the To software, If and and then the software, the as the EPSON COLOR 900N or and NT cant the with the to from
February PM the EPSON software CD-ROM Double-click the Then Click the arrow the the top showing and from the Click the the of the Follow the instructions the to the software. To software, Uninstalling EPSON Follow the below to EPSON If NT, to as the Click to and then Double-click Click EPSON and the Follow the instructions the If EPSON TCP/IP as the EPSON COLOR 900N If try to EPSON when IntranetWare NT NT and appears and the terminates, the following from the directory where EPSON and then EPSON these IntranetWare NT.) NETWIN16.DLL, CLNWIN16.DLL, LOCWIN16.DLL, NCPWIN16.DLL, NWIPXSPX.DLL, CLXWIN16.DLL, CALWIN16.DLL
February PM Uninstalling EPSON Follow these to EPSON Double-click the then the Double-click Select EPSON the Click the Follow the instructions the to software. To software, To EPSON from the EPSON that created and to Trash Where To EPSON technical through telephone services and services hours as the following Automated telephone services Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice SM EPSON FaxAdvice TM EPSON Service to commonly about EPSON products hours Access technical information You to this service. the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer
February PM services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP EPSON CompuServe To to technical (U.S.) or AM to PM through and AM to PM or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON COLOR 900N) Product (located the back of the sheet from the Ethernet of the You purchase and from EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please If using another software with EPSON the that software technical information. If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America free introductory CompuServe membership, and
February PM
February PM Software From If to the software that CD-ROM (such as workstation), the instructions this chapter to of the following: the software another that CD-ROM the creation the software CD-ROM, as below. the that CD-ROM software from EPSON. Once follow the to the software. Creating the Software the Creation If to ready, then follow these
February PM the software CD-ROM CD-ROM and the You the EPSON If the appear, to and the CD-ROM to the EPSON Highlight and the right arrow Select which and OK You the following: The the of and the necessary.
February PM Click Next You to the following: Click Copy to the first You showing the as the to the when the first finished, the to each as of If to than the and Copy this third necessary. the finished copying, and then OK created the the software following the that If the both the and the EPSON COLOR 900N
February PM Copying If and to that CD-ROM to the following from CD-ROM EPSON software) EPSON Software You software from EPSON phone or and where or the ready to software, Download: EPSON to and Downloads (FTP). EPSON FTP to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the America CompuServe Click Services. then type EPSONFOR the If downloading instructions, FaxAdvice service and to supply the following information to EPSON and Street P.O. please) City, State and ZIP
February PM telephone (VISA, MasterCard, or American Card and to the credit purchase (EPSON COLOR 900N) NT or Phone: from AM to PM through EPSON If the following should EPSON or NT with TCP/IP or NetWare with (EtherTalk) EPSON Follow these the EPSON Click then A:\WINDOWS\INSTALL and OK (If the Follow the instructions the to the installation. EPSON NetWare or TCP/IP
February PM EPSON Follow these EPSON the EPSON Double-click the to it and EPSON to the created. EPSON to as EPSON that each that the the and the EPSON COLOR 900N of EPSON These together to allow to information the Follow these to EPSON the Network, Click then You the If or TCP/IP EPSON TCP/IP the as the first of You to the the
February PM A:\SETUP and OK and Next appears where to Click Next to the directory or choose directory and Next If using or and TCP/IP to EPSON TCP/IP Select to with TCP/IP, and then Next TCP/IP Select the type of printer(s) to and Next EPSON TCP/IP NetWare Select to EPSON that Select Then Next If NetWare, the of to and Next of hops:_______ the and Next to the software. the the the Complete and the EPSON COLOR 900N, If routers NetWare they the and the the of To this and to to
February PM Follow through the those the Complete appears, and right-click the background the Click Stop This off background which with EPSON when the EPSON COLOR 900N or Chapter to background the Follow these to or NT then from the (where A: Click OK and follow the instructions the to to LPT1. You to to follow the to as and If workstations, or EPSON to off background You should the of that the however, to instructions
February PM the Follow these to Turn and and off protection the and the that appears. Double-click the Follow the instructions the and To the to the SC (AT) the Chooser and
February PM
February PM EPSON and to the photo that earned of its awards! specially coated to with that when of immediately them. There smearing or and and smooth. of Bright white coated with Perfect charts, art, and and of Perfect photo of snapshots, art, and the back cover of EPSON and information. Quality bright white with the highest-gloss finish. Perfect professional quality, high-resolution photographs of Iron-On Cool and photographs or other cloth items. Perfect t-shirts, crafts, and
February PM to EPSON and To EPSON and other or EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please Cartridges these EPSON and them within months of them and the the Black T003011 T005011 EPSON EPSON S041060 EPSON High Quality S041111 EPSON Quality S041062 EPSON Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 EPSON inches S041134 EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON S041064 EPSON Quality A4 inches) S041106 EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153/S041155 A4 inches) S041059 A4 inches) S041117 A4 inches) S041061 S041067 inches S041122 S041141 A4 inches) S041140 inches) S041145 A6 inches) A6 inches) A4 inches) S041071 A6 inches) S041107 A4 inches) S041063 S041144-KIT S041144