Follow the on-screen instructions to to the to as the At the prompted to If to specify location, type :\DRIVERS\WIN98 (where CD-ROM Then OK Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. Printed with least If to USB software installation, Troubleshooting software, ready to If the to and Then section to started. the software and Click to with the software installation. On the the CPD-7738 Next to At the Search the and Next Select Specify location and, necessary, type :\WIN98 (where CD-ROM Then Next instructions both and applications, and troubleshooting information, and instructions with EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. To already The Once the to the Copy to option. protection turned off instructions, software CD-ROM. Double-click the EPSON and connected and turned off. Turn and the the flashing. Turn and the light At the Search the and Next Specify location and type :\WIN98 (where CD-ROM Then Next The New displays EPSON USB Next The the USB to At the If or instructions the software CD-ROM Click and type :\EPSON (where CD-ROM Then OK the To the Software or the selection. Then follow the on-screen instructions. Click EXIT when the and (where CD-ROM Then OK the and Then follow the on-screen instructions to with section the back of this To with COLOR EPSON the the software To with EPSON the the software COLOR to: C with Software and the back of this with USB and connected and turned off. Then and the Turn You the New software CD-ROM and Next that and the software, ready to If using or NT, the EPSON the EPSON that with and of inch Then the to started. the this printed: Turn background to Then the Chooser. Click the SC then the the back of this with section the Software and Once restarted the of the software CD-ROM. (This section apply to or Macintosh.) Turn and software CD-ROM. and connected and turned off. flashing. Turn and the light Click then follow the on-screen instructions to You the software, CD-ROM the to the Chooser. the Chooser. If connected to the or to with off and Follow the on-screen instructions to the back of this C with Software and
the the the the back of the the to the or off. switch, such as to off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Turn off the and of the USB to USB and the other to USB or USB the other of the to the or If with that and to Normal. If internal the software CD-ROM. Click and type :\EPSON (where CD-ROM Then OK the and IMPORTANT: If that and to ALWAYS You cant software that the and grounded areas: with high or sunlight or with of heat or interference, such as telephone to the and follow the Instructions If as the Press the to turn the The light flashes and the and lights The slightly to the Press the cleaning to the and to the Press the and then the cover. cleaning to charging the Charging about The light flashes and the sounds finished. Dont off the or the charging or than necessary. Charging finished when the light flashing and the the Connecting to USB (Recommended or only) the other of the to and as necessary. Connecting to Turn off the and the to the If to the as LPT1 To instructions. or NT with and connected and turned off. Turn and the Turn and the light flashing. protection turned off instructions, software CD-ROM EPSON the and the cover. the with the first them or charge properly. You the from the the its with the facing and the back of the Then the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of with the and the right Then the the Dont higher than the arrow the to this arrow the right the to the then with the If CD-ROM the or from EPSON. Software the this with as software to when to. The and with or Macintosh. the the Unpack the and from the as the the to the to and these items: the Cartridges the grounded the Then only the of the top, as shown. Dont off the or the clear the of the Dont that off switch or or the as the the the right than Connecting to PC Turn off the and If using USB the to the first of the or the malfunction. If the with the directly to the USB To of matching ECP/DMA should Information these the software the software that software from the CD-ROM included with this The CD-ROM includes: the that and software EPSON COLOR
the the the the back of the the to turn the or off. switch, such as to off the while the light the hasnt or than Turn off the and of the USB to USB and the other to USB or USB the other of the to the or If with that and to Normal. If internal the software CD-ROM. Click and type :\EPSON (where CD-ROM Then OK Read the and IMPORTANT: If that detected and to ALWAYS You cant software that If as the the and grounded areas: with high or sunlight or with of heat or interference, such as to the and follow the Instructions Press the to the The light flashes and the and lights The slightly to the Press the cleaning to the and to the Press the and then the cover. cleaning to charging the Charging about The light flashes and the sounds finished. Dont off the or the charging or using than necessary. Charging finished when the light flashing and the the Connecting to USB (Recommended or only) Connecting to Turn off the and the to the If to the as LPT1 To instructions. or NT with and connected and turned off. Turn and the Turn and the light flashing. protection turned off instructions, EPSON software CD-ROM the and the cover. the with the first them or charge properly. You the from the the its with the facing and the back of the Then the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of with the and the right Then the the Dont higher than the arrow the only to this arrow the right the to the then with the the other of the to and as necessary. If CD-ROM the or from EPSON. Software the this with as software to when to. The and with or Macintosh. the the Unpack the and from the as the the to the to and these items: the Cartridges the grounded the Then only the yellow of the top, as shown. Dont off the or the clear the of the Dont outlet that turned off switch or or the as the the the right than Connecting to PC Turn off the and If using USB the to the first of the or the malfunction. If the with the directly to the USB To of matching ECP/DMA should Information these the software the software that software from the CD-ROM included with this The CD-ROM includes: the that and software EPSON COLOR
to the to the or off. switch, such as the the the the back of the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Turn off the and of the USB to USB and the other to USB or USB the other of the to the or If with that and to Normal. If internal the software CD-ROM. Click and type (where :\EPSON CD-ROM Then OK the and IMPORTANT: If that and to ALWAYS You cant software that Press the to turn the The light flashes and the and lights The slightly to the If as the the near and grounded areas: with high or or with of heat or interference, such as telephone to the and follow the Instructions Press the cleaning to the and to the Press the and then the cover. cleaning to charging the Charging about The light flashes and the sounds finished. Dont off the or the charging or than necessary. Charging finished when the light flashing and the the Connecting to USB (Recommended or only) Connecting to Turn off the and the to the If to the as LPT1 To instructions. or NT with and connected and turned off. Turn and the Turn and the light flashing. protection turned off instructions, the with the first them or properly. You the yellow from the the and the cover. EPSON software CD-ROM the its with the facing and the back of the Then the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of with the and the right Then the the Dont higher than the arrow the to this arrow the right the to the then with the the other of the to and it as necessary. If CD-ROM the or from EPSON. Software the this with as software to when The and with or Dont that turned off switch or or the as the Cartridges the grounded the Then the of the top, as shown. Dont off the or the clear the of the the the Unpack the and from the as the the to the to and these items: the the the right than Connecting to PC Turn off the and If USB the to the first of the or the malfunction. If the with the directly to the USB To of ECP/DMA should Information these the software the software that software from the CD-ROM included with this The CD-ROM includes: the that and software EPSON COLOR
off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than to the to the or off. switch, such as the the the the back of the sheet Turn off the and of the USB to USB and the other to USB or USB the other of the to the or If with that and to Normal. If internal the software CD-ROM. Click and type (where :\EPSON CD-ROM Then OK the and IMPORTANT: If that and to ALWAYS You cant software that Charging about The light flashes and the sounds finished. Dont turn off the or the charging or using than necessary. Charging finished when the light flashing and Press the cleaning to the and to the cleaning to charging the Press the and then the cover. Press the to the The light flashes and the and lights The slightly to the If as the the and grounded areas: with high or or with of heat or interference, such as telephone to the and follow the Instructions the the Connecting to USB (Recommended or only) Connecting to Turn off the and the to the If to the as LPT1 To instructions. or NT with and connected and turned off. Turn and the Turn and the light flashing. protection turned off instructions, If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the its with the facing and the back of the Then the the with the first them or properly. You the from the the and the cover. EPSON software CD-ROM of with the and the right Then the the Dont higher than the arrow the to this arrow the right the to the then with the the other of the to and as necessary. If CD-ROM the or from EPSON. Software the this with as software to when to. The and with or Macintosh. the Dont outlet that turned off switch or or the as the Cartridges the grounded the Then only the yellow of the top, as shown. Dont off the or the clear the of the the the Unpack the and from the as the the to the to and these items: the the right than Connecting to PC Turn off the and If USB the to the first of the or the malfunction. If the with the directly to the USB To of matching ECP/DMA should Information these the software the software that software from the CD-ROM included with this The CD-ROM includes: the that and software EPSON COLOR
the the the the back of the sheet Turn off the and of the USB to USB and the other to USB or USB off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than to the to turn the or off. switch, such as the other of the to the or If with that and to Normal. If internal the software CD-ROM. Click and type (where :\EPSON CD-ROM Then OK the and IMPORTANT: If that and to ALWAYS You cant software that If as the the and grounded areas: with high or sunlight or with near of heat or interference, such as telephone to the and follow the Instructions the the Connecting to USB (Recommended or only) Charging about The light flashes and the sounds finished. Dont off the or the charging or than necessary. Charging finished when the light flashing and Press the cleaning to the and to the cleaning to charging the Press the and then the cover. Press the to the The light flashes and the and lights The slightly to the Connecting to Turn off the and the to the If to the as LPT1 To instructions. or NT with and connected and turned off. Turn and the Turn and the light protection turned off instructions, EPSON software CD-ROM the right to this arrow of with the and the right Then the the Dont higher than the arrow the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the its with the facing and the back of the Then the the with the first them or properly. You the yellow from the the and the cover. the to the then with the the other of the to and as necessary. If CD-ROM the or from EPSON. Software the this with as software to when to. The and with or the the Unpack the and from the as the the to the to and these items: the the right than the Dont outlet that turned off switch or or the as the Cartridges the grounded the Then the of the top, as shown. Dont off the or the clear the of the Connecting to PC Turn off the and If using USB the to the first of the or the malfunction. If the with the directly to the USB To of matching ECP/DMA should Information these the software the software that software from the CD-ROM included with this The CD-ROM includes: the that and software EPSON COLOR
to the to the or off. switch, such as the the the the back of the If with that and to Normal. If internal the the other of the to the or Turn off the and of the USB to USB and the other to USB or USB turn off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than software CD-ROM. Click and type (where :\EPSON CD-ROM Then OK the and click IMPORTANT: If that detected and to ALWAYS You cant software that Press the to the The light flashes and the and lights The slightly to the If as the the and grounded areas: with high or sunlight or with of heat or interference, such as telephone to the and follow the Instructions If to the as LPT1 To instructions. Connecting to Turn off the and the to the the the specifications Connecting to USB (Recommended or only) Charging about The light flashes and the sounds finished. Dont off the or the charging or using than necessary. Charging finished when the light flashing and Press the cleaning to the and to the cleaning to charging the Press the and then the cover. or NT with and and off. Turn and the Turn and the light flashing. protection turned off instructions, the with the first them or charge properly. You the yellow from the the and the cover. EPSON software CD-ROM the to the then with the the other of the to and as necessary. the right to this arrow of with the and the right Then the the Dont higher than the arrow the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the its with the facing and the back of the Then the If CD-ROM the or from EPSON. Software the this with as software to when to. The and with or Dont outlet that turned off switch or or the as the Cartridges the grounded the Then the yellow of the top, as shown. Dont off the or the clear the of the the the Unpack the and from the as the the to the to and these items: If USB the to the first of the or the malfunction. If the with the directly to the USB To of ECP/DMA should Information these Connecting to PC Turn off the and the the right than the the software the software that software from the CD-ROM included with this The CD-ROM includes: the that and software EPSON COLOR
At the Search the and Next Select Specify location and, necessary, type :\WIN98 (where CD-ROM Then Next Follow the on-screen instructions to to the to as the At the prompted to If to location, type :\DRIVERS\WIN98 (where CD-ROM Then OK Turn and the light flashing. software CD-ROM. Double-click the EPSON the software and Click to with the software installation. On the the software, ready to If the to and Then section to started. To already The Once the to the Copy to option. If to USB software Troubleshooting EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. Printed with least CPD-7738 At the Search the and Next Select Specify location and type :\WIN98 (where CD-ROM Then Next The New displays EPSON USB Next The the USB to At the to Next and and turned off. Turn and the the protection turned off instructions, the To the Software or the selection. Then follow the on-screen instructions. Click when EXIT If using or instructions instructions both and and troubleshooting information, and instructions with To with EPSON COLOR to: the the software To with EPSON the the software COLOR to: and connected and turned off. Then and the Turn You the New software CD-ROM and Next Turn and software CD-ROM. the and (where CD-ROM Then OK the and Then follow the on-screen instructions to with section the back of this Software and Once restarted the of the software CD-ROM. (This section apply to or Macintosh.) the software CD-ROM Click and type (where :\EPSON CD-ROM Then OK If or NT, the EPSON the EPSON that with and of inch Then the to started. the this printed: Click then follow the instructions to You the software, CD-ROM the C with Software and the back of this with USB Follow the on-screen instructions to and C with Software and the back of this and connected and turned off. Turn and the light flashing. Macintosh, to the Chooser. the Chooser. If to the or to with off Click the SC then the the Turn background to Then the Chooser. with section the back of this that and the software, ready to
At the Search the and Next Select Specify location and, necessary, type :\WIN98 (where CD-ROM Then Next Follow the instructions to to the to as the At the prompted to If to specify location, type :\DRIVERS\WIN98 (where CD-ROM Then OK Turn and the light flashing. software CD-ROM. Double-click the EPSON the software and Click to with the software installation. On the the software, ready to If the to and Then section to started. To already The Once the to using the Copy to option. If to USB software installation, Troubleshooting EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. Printed with least CPD-7738 At the Search the and Next Select location and type :\WIN98 (where CD-ROM Then Next The New displays EPSON USB Next The the USB to At the to Next and connected and turned off. Turn and the the protection turned off instructions, the To the Software or the selection. Then follow the instructions. Click when EXIT If using or instructions instructions both and applications, basic and troubleshooting information, and instructions with To with EPSON COLOR to: the the software To with EPSON the the software COLOR to: and connected and turned off. Then and the Turn You the New software CD-ROM and Next Turn and software CD-ROM. the and (where CD-ROM Then OK the and Then follow the on-screen instructions to with section the back of this Software and Once restarted the of the software CD-ROM. (This section apply to or the software CD-ROM Click and type (where :\EPSON CD-ROM Then OK If using or NT, the EPSON the EPSON that with and of inch Then the to started. the this printed: Click then follow the on-screen instructions to You the software, CD-ROM the C with Software and the back of this with USB Follow the on-screen instructions to and C with Software and the back of this and connected and off. Turn and the light flashing. to the Chooser. the Chooser. If connected to the or to with turn off Click the SC then the the Turn background to Then the Chooser. with section the back of this that and the software, ready to
Turn and the light flashing. software CD-ROM. Double-click the EPSON the software and Click to with the software installation. On the the At the Search the and Select Next Specify and, necessary, location type (where :\WIN98 CD-ROM Then Next Follow the on-screen instructions to to the to as the At the prompted to If to specify location, type (where CD-ROM :\DRIVERS\WIN98 Then OK software, ready to If the to and Then section to started. To already The Once the to the Copy to option. If to USB software Troubleshooting EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other and of their owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. Printed with least CPD-7738 protection turned off instructions, and connected and turned off. Turn and the the At the Search the and Select Next Specify and type location (where :\WIN98 CD-ROM Then Next The New displays EPSON The the USB USB Next to At the Next to the To the Software or the selection. Then follow the on-screen instructions. Click EXIT when If or instructions instructions both and and troubleshooting information, and instructions with To with EPSON COLOR the the software To with EPSON the the software COLOR to: Turn and software CD-ROM. the and (where CD-ROM Then OK the and Then follow the on-screen instructions to with section the back of this and connected and turned off. Then and the Turn You the New software CD-ROM and Next Software and Once restarted the of the software CD-ROM. (This section apply to or the software CD-ROM Click and type :\EPSON (where CD-ROM Then OK If using or NT, the EPSON the EPSON that with and of inch Then the to started. the this printed: and Follow the instructions to the back of this C with Software and and connected and turned off. Turn and the light flashing. Click then follow the on-screen instructions to You the software, CD-ROM the C with Software and the back of this with USB to the Chooser. the Chooser. If connected to the or to with off Click the then the the SC Turn background to Then the Chooser. with section the back of this that and the software, ready to
To already The Once the to the Copy to option. If to USB software Troubleshooting software, ready to If the to and Then section to started. Turn and the light flashing. software CD-ROM. Double-click the EPSON the software and Click to with the software installation. On the the At the Search the and Select Next Specify and, necessary, location type (where :\WIN98 CD-ROM Then Next Follow the on-screen instructions to to the to as the At the prompted to If to specify location, type (where CD-ROM :\DRIVERS\WIN98 Then OK EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other only and of their owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. Printed with least CPD-7738 the To the Software or the selection. Then follow the on-screen instructions. Click EXIT when protection turned off instructions, and connected and turned off. Turn and the the At the Search the and Select Next Specify and type location (where :\WIN98 CD-ROM Then Next The New displays EPSON The the USB USB Next to At the Next to If or instructions instructions both and basic and troubleshooting information, and instructions with To with EPSON COLOR to: the the software To with EPSON the the software COLOR to: Software and Once restarted the of the software CD-ROM. (This section apply to or Macintosh.) the software CD-ROM Click and type :\EPSON (where CD-ROM Then OK Turn and software CD-ROM. the and (where CD-ROM Then OK Read the and Then follow the instructions to with section the back of this and connected and turned off. Then and the Turn You the New software CD-ROM and Next If using or NT, the EPSON the EPSON that with and of inch Then the to started. the this printed: to the Chooser. the Chooser. If connected to the or to with off Turn background to Then the Chooser. Click the then the the SC back of this with section the and Follow the on-screen instructions to the back of this C with Software and and connected and turned off. Turn and the light flashing. Click then follow the instructions to You the software, CD-ROM the C with Software and the back of this with USB that and the software, ready to