EPSON START HERE the Unpack Everything the and from the as shown The slightly locations to and around the and other USB or to the the areas: with high or sunlight or with near of heat or interference, such as telephone Follow the the the the the the back of the the to Connecting to USB (Recommended G3 or with built-in USB and the the and off. the of the USB to USB the of the to USB or first USB If USB the to first or the malfunction. If the there, directly to USB Connecting to PC the and turned off. the to Then with the the other of the to built-in and as necessary. If to the built-in (LPT1). To to match ECP/DMA Turn On the With the and turned off, the grounded Press the to the The light flashes and the light The Dont outlet that switch or or the as to the supply. the to the or off. switch, such as switch or switch. CD-ROM the Cartridges the the and the cover. both and them of or the of the reach of children and the If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with the then the yellow of the top. Dont off the Black the yellow from the top of the or permanently them. Dont the clear the or Dont the the back of the This and each slightly as its the the back of the Dont the the the when Press the yellow (shown and the cover. charging about with the light flashing and the finished. Dont off the or charging or using than necessary. Its finished when the light flashing. off the when the light flashing, the hasnt or than the top of the the Then the (The to the the Turn the Cartridges Dont the CPD-11717
of or the information the right then the the the slightly than the Software the CD-ROM that with and follow the to the software Turn off Then and and the hourglass You informing that NT). If You cant software that software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Double-click the Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM or DVD Double-click the EPSON to the (Dont other the the and You the Click You the highlighted, then OK The to and displays of finished, OK You the EPSON Product Follow the instructions to with EPSON. At the At the and the CD-ROM as ready to photo software and Turn necessary. Turn and icons. If that to software USB OK. software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Double-click the EPSON the CD-ROM (If CD-ROM automatically, the EPSON the and You the Click At the Follow the instructions to and EPSON Dont this arrow EPSON restarting, the EPSON Product Follow the on-screen instructions to with EPSON. At the If choose to to the Chooser the the Chooser from the Apple Click the SP or SP then USB Turn background the Chooser. the CD-ROM. ready to photo software and the Software Software and of the following: Double-click the EPSON You the (You to and the EPSON CD-ROM to the EPSON Double-click the EPSON the EPSON CD-ROM You the Click Software You Select the the software to Then the and follow the instructions the (If the and to other applications.) On the EPSON to Photoshop LE when The CD-ROM finished software, to to the EPSON You this If browser, such as or Microsoft or to the Click Reference to the To to and from there, Reference and follow the instructions. finished, and Click to the ready to with EPSON To PC or the Reference instructions. that ready to If without of the software to To and from EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. Printed CPD-11717