Sign-off: This with the information to using EPSON STYLUS PRO and its optional and products. countries) with information about or the the software, and that the with information and instructions the software that when the software.) information C A5 COVER2.FM Where to Information
Sign-off: rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION from interference that from the of interface other than EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and ESC/P and EPSON STYLUS of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, A5 FRONT.FM C
C A5 FRONT.FM Declaration of Conformity SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION 3-chome, EPSON EUROPE B.V. Prof. J. H. AT The Declares that the Product: Product P130A Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC Directive 73/23/EEC EN H. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. Sign-off:
Sign-off: Instructions Instructions of these instructions Also to follow and instructions the or cover the the through the to the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using outlets the as or that switch and off. outlets switches or timers. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. or cord. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the to service the yourself. C A5 SAFTY.FM
C A5 SAFTY.FM the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the the normally or performance. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and protection this the building protected Precautions the hand the or touch the the heads hand; otherwise the the off using the the this pressed, the light flashes then off. the or off the to the the light flashing. the the heads the right) and the Sign-off:
Sign-off: the of the reach of children and If off with and If them immediately with as this immediately from the Leaving reduced Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the the the within months of the or to them. This the heads. choosing the the that than the The properly or to and humidity. from sunlight, light, or heat to and the outlet where the easily French-speaking users: fiche C A5 SAFTY.FM
C A5 SAFTY.FM ENERGY STAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused United of options EPSON (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products EPSON (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to rating and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth Sign-off:
Sign-off: If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and to the the which with the or the earth The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. If to the the or only with of the and and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the operation of C A5 SAFTY.FM
C A5 SAFTY.FM mounting Rear interface Sign-off: optional interface cover cover cover AC interface
Sign-off: Chapter the with PC Connecting the to PC the built-in interface. the Software PC software and NT to Network and NT C A5 the with PC
C A5 CHAP1.FM Connecting the to PC The to the to PC whether to directly to the the built-in interface, or to the optional interface information optional interface cards, Optional Card. To the to Chapter the with Macintosh. the built-in interface To the built-in interface, shielded, twisted-pair Then follow the below to the to both the and turned off. the securely the interface. Then the together they both If ground wire, to the ground below the interface the with PC Sign-off:
Sign-off: the other of the the If ground the of the to the ground the back of the the Software PC You the software the Software PC connecting the to to the software included the Software EPSON PRO CD-ROM shipped with software software includes the following items: The the software that With such as Quality, and The Head Cleaning, and Head top operating EPSON The EPSON of and displays information such as the amount of The when C A5 the with PC
C A5 CHAP1.FM and NT Follow these to software: If to of the software included CD-ROM, the software CD-ROM, then based and follow the instructions. the software CD shipped with the CD- ROM The appears. Double-click to the software installation. the OK If the New or other appears when and follow the EPSON automatically. Click to this If to Software the If EPSON automatically. information and the software, From PC Software If Peer-to-Peer the with PC Sign-off:
Sign-off: to from to the software, then and the software as below: Click to then Double-click the the Right-click and the Follow the the and NT C A5 the with PC
C A5 CHAP1.FM Network and below. NT NT and This section to that other to the as shared the to which the connected. Then, the to the from each to the and the software those computers. This section to as shared To directly to without as as Follow these to connected directly to with other Click to then Double-click Network the with PC Sign-off:
Sign-off: Click and Click the to to allow others to to printer(s) and OK the Network OK the If the or CD-ROM appears, the CD-ROM the CD-ROM then follow the the If appears to Then the and from Select and choose from the C A5 the with PC
C A5 CHAP1.FM Click Shared information as then OK Accessing the through To from another follow these as shared the to which directly connected from another instructions, as shared On the to the from, to and Double-click the The appears. Click Next the with PC Sign-off:
Sign-off: Click Network then Next Click C A5 the with PC
C A5 CHAP1.FM Double-click the of the that directly connected to the Then the Click OK and follow the the NT This section to that other the to the as the to which the connected. Then, the to the from each to the and the software those computers. as Follow these to that connected directly to with others Click to and Select then the the with PC Sign-off:
Sign-off: Click the Shared and the Click OK choose from the Accessing the through To from another follow these as the to which directly connected from another instructions, as shared On each from which to the to and C A5 the with PC
C A5 CHAP1.FM Double-click the Click the Network Click Next Double-click the of the that directly connected to the Then the to with the Click OK and follow the the the with PC Sign-off:
Sign-off: the with Connecting the to the built-in interface. the Software software the Chooser to C A5 CHAP2.FM the with
C A5 CHAP2.FM Connecting the to The to the to whether to directly to the the built-in interface, or to the optional interface information using optional interface Chapter Optional Interface Card. To the to PC, Chapter the with PC. the built-in interface To the built-in interface, Apple Peripheral-8 Then follow the below to the to both and off. of the interface to the the back of the the with Sign-off:
Sign-off: Apple Peripheral-8 to the to the other of the interface to the or the The with the following only If built-in the interface to the Turn the the Turn Macintosh. the section instructions the software. You the software C A5 CHAP2.FM incorrect the with
C A5 CHAP2.FM the Software connecting the to ready to the software included the Software EPSON PRO CD-ROM shipped with software software includes the following items: EPSON This the software that With such as Quality, and (AT) This the software that when You such as Quality, and EPSON and background You background the Chooser to this EPSON of the of and when Head Cleaning Cleans the heads to the the with Sign-off:
Sign-off: Head the heads that and ColorSync and Profiles Matches the with the displayed automatically. this when photographs or graphics. Turn off protection software. Follow these to software: the software CD shipped with the CD-ROM The EPSON software automatically. the appears, the C A5 CHAP2.FM the with
C A5 CHAP2.FM the appears, The following appears. If to of the software included software CD-ROM, the Location shows the and If Custom from the and or Network Confirm the installation, then Click the to information each appears informing that finished, to the and information and the software, From Software the the with Sign-off:
Sign-off: the Chooser to the software, to the Chooser to You to choose the the first or chosen another using the selected. If the interface, choose as the following section, the interface. If connected to the interface Follow the below to the interface to directly to the the connected to and turned Chooser from the Apple Then the and the C A5 CHAP2.FM the with
C A5 CHAP2.FM If appear when the this the other or the Inactive then the If Ethernet to the or and the Active Click the Background buttons to background or off. background while You background to the EPSON to information, Background the the Chooser. network Follow the below to to to the the connected to and turned Select Chooser from the Apple Then the 9000(AT) Select the to of the connected to the selected appears the right. the with Sign-off:
Sign-off: If the 9000(AT) the arrows the right to through the icons. Click the assigned to EPSON Click OK the correct. If appear, the turned and properly. Click the Background buttons to background or off. background while You background to the EPSON to information, Background the Chooser. C A5 CHAP2.FM the with
C A5 CHAP2.FM the with Sign-off:
Sign-off: Chapter and Loading Loading Loading From PC. the from PC From the from C A5 CHAP3.FM and
C A5 CHAP3.FM Loading Loading To the follow the below. the cover. that the attached to the properly. off the of the as reduce Whenever to the If attached to the the wound using the to To the the of the lightly the To the from the off the that the and Sign-off:
Sign-off: Press the Source repeatedly the light or light If thick that too thick the the light or light flashing, then the the The light and appears the LCD the while the light or light flashing. C A5 CHAP3.FM and
C A5 CHAP3.FM the the insertion the through the insertion and Sign-off:
Sign-off: back the to the that the of the straightly and with the of the the then the cover. appears. If the light and the of the properly the previous the Cut/Eject to the C A5 CHAP3.FM and
C A5 CHAP3.FM Press the The heads and the the appears the LCD the the heads and the automatically. appears the LCD ready to the then the From PC or From Allow the to thoroughly to the Loading sheet To follow the below. If thick or thicker), off the of the as reduce Whenever to the that the and the cover closed. Press the Source repeatedly the light and Sign-off:
Sign-off: the light or light then the the The light and appears the LCD the the insertion below. that the right and of the straight and with the of C A5 CHAP3.FM and
C A5 CHAP3.FM the the appears. the while the light or light flashing. Press the The heads and the sheet the appears the LCD the the heads and the automatically. appears the LCD ready to sheet the then the From PC or From Allow the to thoroughly to the and Sign-off:
Sign-off: From PC the ready to from PC. To the to the Chapter Checking the Condition. the To the to the and the the and about the software, the the C A5 CHAP3.FM and
C A5 CHAP3.FM Click the The appears. selected and then or You to of these buttons. The appears. Click the to the Select the the from the The what other should this first. the to or Black to and white. the the selected. and Sign-off:
Sign-off: selected, the of based the and and Quality the appears. the or right which This with the choose, appears the Click the to the C A5 CHAP3.FM and
C A5 CHAP3.FM Select the the from the that the the type of the from the Source used, the as required. If shorter than the of the the turned and crosswise when You this function. when the right and below the when Printable and Reduce/Enlarge boxes. Click the OK the of the You to the (or Click OK or to You to of these buttons. and Sign-off:
Sign-off: While the EPSON appear, showing the and the of Software from PC To the the Stop the EPSON You or To the button. To this To the C A5 CHAP3.FM and
C A5 CHAP3.FM From the to from To the to the Checking the Condition. the To the follow the below. about the software, the with the boxes. While the the the to the Choose PAGE SETUP from the This the shown below. Select the the from the and Sign-off:
Sign-off: Select the type of the from the Source used, the as required. If shorter than the of the the turned and crosswise when You using this function. when the right and below the when or and Printable the OK to the You from the You from the Choose from the The appears as shown below. C A5 CHAP3.FM and
C A5 CHAP3.FM You the the the Select the the from the The what other should this first. the to or Black to and white. the option to selected, the of based the and and Sign-off:
Sign-off: and Quality the appears. the or right which This with the choose, appears the to the and then the to from background Press the to off the Select EPSON from the C A5 CHAP3.FM and
C A5 CHAP3.FM Click the then the to the background off Press the to off the the and the to the and Sign-off:
Sign-off: Chapter Checking the Condition Accessing the the Cleaning the Heads the Heads C A5 CHAP4.FM Checking the Condition
C A5 CHAP4.FM To the to the the following from the software. You from the The Head Cleaning Head Accessing the To the follow the below. Double-click the then the and right-click then NT right-click then You the software Click the of Then the the Checking the Condition Sign-off:
Sign-off: the You the head from with the the software. the while otherwise, Follow the below: the turned and the (A3 or Access the software. Accessing the Click the Follow the The including firmware (ROM) information and The of the shown below: heads cleaning. heads cleaning. C A5 CHAP4.FM Checking the Condition
C A5 CHAP4.FM If of and the heads cleaning. that the Cleaning the Heads You the head from using the Head Cleaning the software, as the following head cleaning To wasting clean the heads the to that the heads to cleaned, as this light flashing or the the heads the first. the Head Cleaning or while otherwise, Follow the below: the lights the that or Access the software. Accessing the Click the Head Cleaning Checking the Condition Sign-off:
Sign-off: Follow the The light of the flashes the cleaning which about three to off the the cleaning finished and the light flashing. Doing the the light or the Confirmation the Head Cleaning or from to that the heads clean. Condition: head heads further cleaning. the that from the to head cleaning and the If repeating this C A5 CHAP4.FM Checking the Condition
C A5 CHAP4.FM the Heads You the heads the Head the software. the Head while otherwise, Follow the below: the turned and the EPSON to the or If to other than EPSON to the heads the SelecType Access the software. Accessing the Click the the software or the the or then the Head Follow the The the head Checking the Condition Sign-off:
Sign-off: Choose the that the each the below, the Select the chose then If the with the and selected, the and from C A5 CHAP4.FM Checking the Condition
C A5 CHAP4.FM Checking the Condition Sign-off:
Sign-off: Chapter Optional Interface Card Optional Interface Cards the Optional Interface Card C A5 Optional Interface Card
C A5 CHAP5.FM Optional Interface Cards The optional Ethernet Interface Cards shown below The Ethernet the from and NT and Ethernet Interface Card (10BASE-T) C82362 Ethernet Interface Card (100BASE-TX) C82363 The the the which country. the Optional Interface Card To optional interface follow these the optional interface the that with the information. the turned off. that the from the Warning: the interface when the connected to as the existing interface necessary. Optional Interface Card Sign-off:
Sign-off: cross-head screwdriver to the screws the shield to the optional interface then off the to the screws; to them when the shield DIP switches and the necessary. the interface the interface the both of the interface to the the of the interface the internal C A5 Optional Interface Card
C A5 CHAP5.FM the interface the with the screws included with the interface interface to the interface and to If the ground wire, with of the screws. Also, using than the other interface the turned off. Then the cord. To interface follow the Optional Interface Card Sign-off:
Sign-off: C A5 Optional Interface Card
C A5 CHAP5.FM Optional Interface Card Sign-off:
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA Phone: EPSON DEUTSCHLAND EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. Phone: EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, Phone: SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. Phone: EPSON FRANCE S.A. Phone: EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, Phone: EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. February