cover cover front (closed) thickness interface shield plate interface front front tractor release cover cover Connector cover cover Connector cover screws C.B.S-tite screw cover plate cover Rear cover assembly thickness assembly Rear Rear Rear Rear assembly Ribbon Ribbon S015091 Tractor or front tractor assembly High-capacity cut-sheet (C806841) to of or the without reloading. You of single-sheet to inch thick this cut-sheet (C806851) to the high-capacity cut-sheet to cut-sheet You to of ordinary single-sheet the second-bin cut-sheet tractor (C800331) and reduces the chance of You this as front tractor. with useful and high-quality graphics. to with 8.5-inch that with EPSON FX-980 EPSON FX-980
EPSON FX-980 Optional Interface Cards You optional interface to built-in interface and network compatibility. The EPSON interface the below with (Not the interfaces the Card type C823071 C823081 32KB interface C823121 interface C823131 32KB IEEE-488 interface C823141 Coax interface C823151 interface C823451 IEEE-1284 bidirectional) interface C823622 C823632 /C823641 Ethernet interface Ethernet interface C823632, to the optional interface (C825251) to the interface Specifications Mechanical Emulation EPSON ESC/P and IBM High-speed Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected software commands. inch or 1/216-inch Printable EPSON FX-980 quality) Interfaces bidirectional, interface with IEEE EIA-232D interface, and optional interface Friction (front or top entry) feed inches/second High-capacity cut-sheet to of to or to to of to inch thick 64KB or 0KB the or the EPSON tractor (front or (front, or entry) and front and tractor Cut-sheet (optional) (optional) inch Second-bin cut-sheet to of The thickness of the to inch
EPSON EPSON EPSON EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of EPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET Character and graphical character graphical character countries) Character international character and character head) MTBF POH duty) and Ribbon Black (S015091) to to Rated to to Rated (ISO/IEC the the back of the the head characters dots/character) inches inches Ribbon characters dots/character) to the character type) the character type) to F to C) to RH to F to C) to RH Ordinary sheets: front, top, and cut-sheet and top to inches to High-capacity cut-sheet to inches to cut-sheet to inches to to inches to Top to inches to High-capacity cut-sheet to inches to cut-sheet to inches to Thickness to inch to to to Single-sheet forms: front, top, and cut-sheet and top to inches to High-capacity cut-sheet to inches to to inches to Top to inches to High-capacity cut-sheet to inches to to Thickness to inch to to to EPSON FX-980 EPSON FX-980 (without and and as follows: to F to C) to RH that or or curled.
EPSON FX-980 the top of (both front and top entry) (front only) top inches inches Thickness to inch to to to Postcards: front and top to inches to inches Top to inches to Thickness inch Continuous and front, rear, and to inches to to inches to to to (front or with the tractor only) Thickness Printable to inch to Perforated to inch or both (front, or entry) to to of to to straight path, therefore, them the front with front and inches inch to inches to to inches to thickness to inch to thickness to inch to EPSON FX-980 with optional inch Thickness to inch to to to the arrow The to the of the arrow Rear the The to the of the
Printable sheets, and The top and and below the perforation) inch The and right inch The inches The inches than inches the increase to match the of the Continuous The top and inch The and right inch The inches The inches than inches the increase to match the of the The top and inch The and right inch The inches UL CSA C22.2 EMI FCC CSA C108.8 EN EMI EN (CISPR AS/NZS Acoustic (A) (ISO CE Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC EPSON FX-980 EPSON FX-980
EPSON FX-980 and Lights Font Selects the Font lights Indicate which selected. Pitch Selects the Pitch lights Indicate what selected. temporarily, and when light On when the Flashes when the the light On when the selected or correctly. Flashes when or occurred. Tear Advances to the tear-off from the tear-off to the top-of-form Selects cut-sheet when the cut-sheet installed. the to and Tear lights when the tear-off o when of the optional cut-sheet selected. o when of the optional cut-sheet selected. when the the o off, EPSON FX-980 flashing LF/FF when quickly. Ejects or to the top-of-form when of Ejects of when sheet loaded. Loads from the to the buttons the seconds, the the this the LF/FF buttons to the top- of-form or tear-off the and off. The off when the top of this with the protectors. You using the lights the If and or lights flashing, or the the following to and the State of lights The The cover from another currently the path. and Press the to the cover. the release back to the and the to the of the path. Then the to the to Press the to off the light, necessary.
State of lights the selected The correctly. the to the of ejected. the The head overheated. unknown occurred. Tear Font flashing of (three of The once when the function The EPSON with with or It allows to when and troubleshooting instructions. the Then the to off the light, necessary. and Then the to off the light, necessary. Clear the as Clearing Tear off the the perforation; then the The the to the Press the to off the light. Press the to the Then the to off the light, necessary. Clear the as Clearing the once the head Turn off the and off then the If the Top-of-Form The top-of-form where the or The ABC the top-of-form Tear-off the tear-off when the perforation with the tear-off You easily tear off this the when attached to the the Paths of and This section the from the top, front, or rear. You the that Continuous You choose from three (front and and three (front, rear, and This section which and EPSON FX-980 EPSON FX-980
EPSON FX-980 tractor If often to tear off sheets of purchase or to tractor. This allows to the tear-off to easily tear off of the perforation. tractor, from the without the from the tractor. There tractor front and rear. The the front and when the shipped. the below about the and the paper-feeding The Tractor front EPSON FX-980 To this tractor, the that bound them the rear the front feed this type of with the the off their the and thick straight path, them the front To this tractor, the front If thick such as or with the front this from this straight. This reduces the chance of tractor If often thick or heavy such as or with the The with the and allows to from the front, rear, or of the the tear-off with the tractor. You the front, or with the tractor. If to tractor the the from the and the or purchase optional (C800331) and the front If thick such as or with the front because this straight. This reduces the chance of The the straightest path, the to when thick such as or with the to with enough the to feed through without obstruction. You from the with the rear the off their the and from the path, which performance, the front or whenever
the and tractors You feeding and reduce tractors the This helpful or and high-quality graphics. tractors the front with both the front and tractors, or the with both the and tractors. Combination and front and information to tractors and tractors and To the rear with the tractor, to the that the front and the with the tractor when with the tractor. If with the and tractor, the off their the and thick straight path, them the front To the front with the tractor, to purchase the optional (C800331) and the You ordinary from the top or front of the with already the front or tractor. This section which single-sheet Loading the top You ordinary sheets, single-sheet forms, or the top the top only. Loading the front You ordinary sheets, single-sheet or the front EPSON FX-980 EPSON FX-980 the front to single-sheet bound the of the
EPSON FX-980 Release You the from such as the or front tractors. the release to the to The below each release To which and Paths release Single-sheet from the top or front Rear from the tractor the the to this when using the and tractors tractor from the the front the to this when the front and tractors tractor from the top of the the the tractor the the front, rear, or You both the front and tractors and easily switch them using the release the release the to the the to the EPSON FX-980 release Thickness The thickness allows the to thicknesses of The thickness located the cover. You of the to the the following to the thickness to match the thickness of type Ordinary sheets or Thin or with:* Continuous with or It to the front or with with the tractor. To them, the optional tractor the front or with from the front or the tractor. If the smeared, to the thickness higher to If the or to the thickness to thickness
Loading You of to (the to the thickness to the based the of layers with straight or straight path. It to the front and the front the front or and the the thickness the ordinary inch thickness the and inch the perforated and as follows: to F to C) to RH that curled, or Loading Continuous with only that mounted sheets with try to the properly Continuous with straight or straight path. You the front or tractor) or tractor) however, the tractor the and the front or You the ordinary the thickness to with To off the and the follow these when with from the tear off the fresh of the perforation the tear off the LF/FF to the from the EPSON FX-980 EPSON FX-980 with the rear the from the curved; off their the and the tear-off the Tear or turning the tear-off to with backward; they off their and the to and humidity, them operating as follows: to F to C) to RH curled, or with the they around the and when the or Tear backward, easily off the sheet and
EPSON FX-980 the Tractor To the front tractor, the front information when to the front tractor, Paths The tractors the front and when the shipped. The the the front If tractor the front to the section, Loading the front tractor. If tractor the to and the To the the front follow these the turned off. the front the the of the Then the both and straight of the the the mounting and both of the tractor to that seated. You ready to the front as the section. EPSON FX-980 Loading the front tractor To the front tractor, follow these the off. the front the the of the Then the both and straight of the that the tractor the front the release to the front tractor Then the thickness to thickness. Release the and right the backward. front tractor
the to the of the arrow the the arrow Then the to and Printable information the the right to match the of the the both covers. clean, straight and the first three of the the tractor the right to the then the the front the mounting Then the front the to the of the top base. the section of the and that the cover and the cover closed. Turn the You to the the the and The the the back of the follow the the section to tear off If the first appears too high or this using the the Top-of-Form EPSON FX-980 EPSON FX-980 the The when the cover the to the top-of-form while the turned this the or to the top-of-form The when the turned off only.
EPSON FX-980 from the front tractor To the follow these the Tear/Off lights flashing. (This the tear-off You to the Tear the cover, and tear off the using the tear-off of the tear-off the to the tear-off while the turned this the or to the tear-off The when the turned off only. If perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off the the tear- off the cover. to the to the top-of-form and To the from the the to feed the to the Then the covers of the and the tear off the feeding the front tractor To the from the front follow these from the as the section. Turn off the the front the the of the Then the both and straight of the EPSON FX-980 Press the the tractor and of the the front the mounting it Then the front the Rear Tractor To the tractor, the information when to the tractor, Paths The tractors the front and when the shipped. The Loading the tractor If the to and the as using the tractor. with the the off their the and To to thick using the front or and the or front tractor.
To the rear tractor, follow these the turned off. the cover and the the release to the Then the thickness to thickness. Release the and right the front of the the to the of the the the the arrow Then the back to the right to match the of the the clean, straight Then both covers and the first three of the downover the Then the covers. tractor the right to the then the the as the the section of the and it EPSON FX-980 EPSON FX-980 front of the and Printable information the front of the
EPSON FX-980 the to the of the base. Then the cover the cover The when the cover Turn the You to and the the the and The the the back of the follow the the section to tear off If the first appears too high or its using the as the Top-of-Form the to the top-of-form while the turned this the or to the top-of-form The when the turned off only. EPSON FX-980 from the To the follow these the Tear lights flashing. (This the tear-off You to the Tear to the to the tear-off the cover, and tear off the using the tear-off of the tear-off the to the tear-off while the turned this the or to the tear-off The when the turned off only. If the perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off using the as the tear-off the cover. To the from the the to the to the Then the covers and the the the back to the top-of-form and tear off the Load/Eject feeding
the Tractor the the the thick and heavy such as or with the tear-off with the tractor. thick straight to should the front or when the tractor. with the the off their the and To further reduce the chance of and the performance of tractors using this the both the front and tractors, or both the and tractors. the the To the the front tractor or purchase the optional tractor (C800331). To the front tractor, the front tractor The the when the shipped. The To the follow these the turned off. the and off the the each of the and the and off the the the the mounting and both of the to that seated. You ready to the as the section. Loading the the tractor, the front or to To the tractor, follow these the turned off, and the cover that the tractor the the to the of the the section of the and the release to the Then the thickness to thickness. EPSON FX-980 EPSON FX-980 with the the off their the and tractor
EPSON FX-980 Release the and right the the to the of the using the the the arrow Then the back to and information the the right to match the of the the clean, straight Then both covers. EPSON FX-980 the the front, or the and the Then the the perforation the first and with the top of the ribbon. the front the front Then the the the base. Then the and, the base. three each of the the tractor both Then the covers. the right to the then the back. If the front the front with the positioned, and then If the the and the together the of the base. front front rear
Turn the the and the top-of-form the LF/FF or the (To the the Top-of-Form Position The the without the the to the or to the top-of-form while the turned this the or to the top-of-form The when the turned off only. from the otherwise reduced. the and the cover. the cover The when the cover You to and the the the and shown below, the the the back of the front rear the cover; then tear off the the perforation the tear off Removing the from the tractor tear off the supply of the perforation the tear off To the the LF/FF tractors and You tractors the to feeding and reduce You both the front and tractors the front or both the and tractors the To the front and tractor, to purchase the optional tractor (C800331). The the the optional tractor as the tractor the To the with the tractor, the tractor from the front as the front tractor and the as the the To tractors, follow these the cover and base. tractor the front or and tractor the the release to the front or tractor which tractor Then the thickness to thickness. the front or tractor to EPSON FX-980 EPSON FX-980 The the
EPSON FX-980 Turn the Press the to the to the top-of-form Then the LF/FF the perforation the first and with the top of the ribbon. the to the while the this the or to the top-of-form The when the turned off only. the to the as Loading the tractor the release to the Then the the and tractors using the necessary. the release back to the the top-of-form the as the Top-of-Form The the without the the to the or to the top-of-form while the turned this the or to the top-of-form The when the turned off only. from the otherwise reduced. the Then the to the of the the section of the and the cover and the cover. the cover The when the You to and the the the and shown below, the the the back of the front the cover; then tear off the the perforation the To the from the tractors, follow the the from the tractor EPSON FX-980 the To the tractor from the follow these the tractor. Turn off the Then the cover and the and off the Press the tractor the tractor and off the the tractor or the front the lowering the mounting Then both of the clicks the and the cover. Then the cover.
Switching Continuous and With the easily switch back and forth and sheets without or Switching to To switch to with the front or tractor, follow the below. If with the switching to sheets. with If tractor the from switching to Removing the from the tractor of that the Press the Tear to them to the tear-off and tear them off. Tear off the the feeding the to while the turned this the or to the tear-off position.The only when the turned off. Press the to the to the The attached to the the path. sheets the top or front Switching to To switch to with the front or rear tractor, follow these If the the to the to while the this the or to the top-of-form The when the turned off. that the the front or to the front or tractor as The when the Top-of-Form The top-of-form where the the If appears too high or follow the below to the to the top-of- the turned If necessary, as If tractor, the to the to the top-of-form the cover and off the the about seconds. The light flashing and the the Press the LF/FF to the top-of-form the or the to the top-of-form the cover EPSON FX-980 EPSON FX-980 the to the top-of-form while the turned this the or to the top-of-form The only when the turned off. top-of-form turn off the The top software the top-of-form with the If necessary, the top-of-form software. The and top-of-form If try to these the and the the reaches the top-of-form the and the You the as reference when the top-of-form
EPSON FX-980 To the top-of-form the tractor, the following inch the perforation; then the that the with the top of the cover. This inch the the inch below the perforation. If inch the perforation, 0.37inch the the top-of-form the to Advancing the to the Tear-Off Edge If the front or rear tractor, the tear-off to to the tear-off when You then easily tear off the the the back to the top-of-form the normally You the tear-off manually pressing the Tear or turning the tear- off If the perforation with the tear-off the of the perforation the the tear-off the Tear or turning the tear-off to with backward; they off their and the EPSON FX-980 inch inch the Tear that the Tear lights flashing. Then the Tear The Tear lights flashing and the to the tear- off If the Tear lights flashing, the the tear-off If the Tear to the top-of-form Advancing the to the tear-off To to the tear- off to the tear-off and the the instructions, tear-off the to the tear-off when the of or feed the tear-off If the perforation with the tear-off the to the perforation to the tear-off Follow the below. the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off the when the turned off. tear-off off the the Tear lights flashing (the the tear-off If necessary, the Tear to the to the tear-off the cover. the about seconds. The light flashing and the the
Press the LF/FF to feed the backward, or the to the the perforation with the tear-off The and tear-off If try to the tear-off these the and the the tear-off the to off the Tear off the the back to the top-of-form and the Ribbon Cartridge EPSON S015091. If the the head cool the the head while the the the turned off. If the connected to from the the its back and straight and off. tear-off the head to the installation (the of the hand. the and and of the Properly of the If the the when the head the the from the and Then the the of the arrow to the ribbon. EPSON FX-980 EPSON FX-980
EPSON FX-980 the with the the front notches the each of the as shown. Then the that the notches the Gently the both the and the the head the twisted or creased and that the head. Then the clicks Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. EPSON FX-980 the head from to to smoothly. the cover. Clearing To clear follow these Press the to off the If of the base, the cover. If from the rear the the base. If the tear off the the perforation the Turn the from to the the of the to clear when the turned off; otherwise, the or the top-of-form or tear-off the base, necessary, and the cover. Then the cover. Press the to turn the the and lights off.
The While these through software or to from the the The below the and options this instructions the the section. front inches: tractor* inches rear inches: tractor* inches perforation On, tear-off On, On, High On I/F Optional I/F Software ESC/P IBM Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO other Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO 1T, PC 9ISO PC LAT, PC UKR, PC APTEC, PC PC PC AR864, PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO International character U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, Spain1 On, On On CR (IBM On, 19200BPS 9600BPS, 4800BPS, 2400BPS, 1200BPS, 600BPS, 300BPS Parity IBM character The options the country of purchase. These when IBM selected. Follow the below to the and the and the turned off. the Pitch while the to the The the and the selection instructions Press the Font the Font lights the as the selection instructions. Press the Pitch to the instructions the selected. The instructions the to them, and the lights Follow the instructions to the the the the to off the and the them EPSON FX-980 EPSON FX-980 To the selection and instructions, three of or single-sheet or three of that least inches and inches If sheets, to each the Turn off the when to the Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the The the instruction the
EPSON FX-980 Printout If that the properly the bidirectional to this To the below, four of four of that least inches and inches or single-sheet If to of each the the Follow these to the bidirectional and the turned off. Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the While holding the button, the to the The the bidirectional then instructions and the first of the instructions, the and the with the Follow the instructions to the of and the with the each the the of the to off the and the bidirectional selections automatically. the whether the or the causing You the or that least inches To follow these and the turned off. off the least seconds turning back otherwise the EPSON FX-980 To the the the LF/FF while the to the To the the the while the Either the of however, the than the seconds, the the and the of characters printed. To temporarily the the To the the To the the to and the to the Then off the If the satisfactory, the properly and the from or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the If or to isolate the and software the from the as You sheets or that least inches such as or To follow these and the turned off. Whenever off the least seconds turning it back otherwise the To both the LF/FF and while the to the
software and to the the If characters they appear the right as ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as the characters the right with the of the the the receiving. To the to and the to the Then off the Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly Follow these the turned off. the from the Then the the If or optional to and from the outer and If the outer or clean with clean cloth with the cover and the cover the top of the to from the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the EPSON think Transporting the If to the and as below. Turn off the the from the then the interface from the and the the from the If tractor If options installed, them and them their boxes. that the head Then the the the protective locking both of the Then the the tractor that with the front the screw the screwdriver that with the the and the and them the Related EPSON FX-980 Reference EPSON FX-980 EPSON FX-980 TM-FX980 EPSON FX-980 Service PL-FX980 EPSON FX-980 EPSON FX-980 EPSON FX-980 You to the head to the If the the head it cool touching