A794 Thermal A794-D100 TM
Notices Information this to without information that and the right to products as technology, software, and become of this or or or mechanical, without the written of Copyright Copyright AXIOHM Ithaca, New York USA rights Printed USA Unpublished Property of AXIOHM AXIOHM Other and the property of their respective (FCC) Interference Warning or to this the the authority to the This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference which the to the interference his Information to the This and with the instructions. However, there that interference to If this interference, which turning the off and the to immediately. or interference caused unauthorized of this or the or of and other than those specified The correction of interferences caused such unauthorized or the of the March
March to with the Product Safety, FCC and CE the supply, cord, and interface which shipped with this or which the following UL (QQGQ), Class supply with SELV (Secondary input rated A, rated A. of this with other than the to the supply and FCC and CE Interface shielded interface with this The shield connected to the or earth ground or earth ground reference EACH of the of other than that the with the and FCC and CE Cord UL listed, used. where the supply mounted the with SJT used. the US, cords that the countrys and should used. of other than of that force the country of Industry (IC) Interference This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes
Chapter About the of Interfaces Installations On On Wall On Vertically
Chapter About the A794 of March The A794 thermal fast, and With thermal there to and The enough to anywhere and easy to with the exiting from the top. There as the
A794 Chapter About the Communication Interfaces There of the the interface and the of options selected. the the the ID A794 ID 512K 512K 1MB 1MB RS-232C Interface IEEE Bi-Directional character other expanded light March
About the A794 Installations On On Wall (with optional wall-mount A794-K260) March You the three mount vertically or mount wall-mount to to the cover and the information about this the A794
A794 About the On Vertically Interfaces RS-232C, Memory/Firmware 512K Memory, History EEROM, 4K memory) Character PC (US), PC PC and Integrated UPC-A, UPC-E, JAN8 (EAN), JAN13 (EAN), Interleaved of EAN PDF-417 (two-dimensional) Host-selectable or of thermal to throughput Interface software-generated easy Connector or March Clearance the cords the of the
Chapter About the A794 March Wall Mount Supply: Watt Cords: US, SEV, UK AC Cord, and AC Cord 1MB memory Interface Boards RS 232C IEEE Bi-Directional
the Testing the
the A794 March the to the of or the pressed, the through as turned off, then the to the the with the to the To the DIP switch the (On) and the with the to DIP switch to the when the LED The LED shows the or flashing. LED Flashes Flashes Flashes then LED
A794 Chapter the the completed its or the supply turned If the indicated. information about these sections Testing the the Troubleshooting the Testing the the LED Troubleshooting the Troubleshooting the March
Chapter the A794 the or the of The without to from the the the March the when of the following Colored appears the indicating the the as as to of through LED flashes flash) indicating the the as as to of through LED flashes flash) indicating the the immediately or the cover.
A794 Chapter the the Tear off the of the that the March
Chapter the A794 the from the of the the or the March the the with inches of the front (or top, mounted vertically). the cover and the tearing the tear-off the the the of the tear and the that the from the of the information about this section Troubleshooting the
A794 Chapter the Testing the this to the The the and the each The the The with of the then Several of to of the To the the and the The the and character the This to service appears there the the following (Another to the to the feed and then and the cover.) To the the March
Chapter the A794 March information about this section Troubleshooting the
A794 Chapter the Troubleshooting the and LED What to Where to LED, flashing. off. to LED, flashing. tonelow high and flashes LED combinations. The and trouble-free, from to Follow these to the and of the If the this section the service representative. information about this section and technical troubleshooting Service Troubleshooting the A794 Service Other indicated. turned and ready to These serious authorized service the cover authorized service authorized service action required. March A794 authorized service A794
Chapter the A794 What to Where to Colored the the A794 the cover, the inspect the knife, and clear to while the printed. light or incorrectly. of This serious with the One of This serious with the Work What to Where to Not Function Turned On. March the cover, inspect the knife, and clear The knife. Thermal printhead dirty. that properly connected both cover and the closed. cover. the cover, inspect the knife, and clear authorized service that the properly. recommended thermal authorized service authorized service that the or supply A794 A794 and A794 A794
Chapter and Thermal Thermal Specifications to and Cord Communication Wall-Mount
Chapter and A794 Thermal Thermal Specifications How to March The thermal with the following The attached the with the to that the recommends the following their respective There of to this the POS from these recommended Specialty P-310 (USA) P-300 (Light) P-350 (Light) Appleton Inc. (USA) T1012A POS and T1030 (Light) Thermal (UK) (Light) GMBH KF60 (Germany) KF50 (Light) KF60 KF50 (Light) Additional and To of choice. the following to and testing. To directly from the following numbers: #A152-002 Light #A152-003 TP50 KS
A794 Chapter and and Cord from the following NCR 7052-K657 M-S EP-125 EP-127, EP-102 APG SLD to the and the The reference only. other numbers. Item supply with to A794-K330 and U.S. supply supply, attached A794-K301 supply (to United States International United S.E.V. International (with March A794-K320 A794-K321 A794-K322 A794-K323 A794-K324 A794-K326
Chapter and A794 Communication Wall-Mount March to the the The reference only. other numbers. RS-232C (host) to A141-0008 RS-232C to A141-0007 to A141-0009 to the wall-mount wall-mount A794-K260
Chapter Specifications Characters Specifications Character
Specifications A794 Characters March the High Rotated Scaled the of the characters the and Characters Inch: Characters Characters Inch: Characters information about this section the to Information the
A794 Chapter Specifications Specifications The thermal thermal with the following The attached the with the to that the the specifications of the inches) Top to tearoff: inches) Top to inches) Printable Margins, Top Margin, Compressed Edge March Edge
Chapter Specifications A794 March the specifications of the inches) Top to tearoff: inches) Top to inches) Margins Top Margin, Compressed Edge graphics or converted from to the expanded to Edge
A794 Chapter Specifications Character March
Chapter Specifications A794 March
A794 Chapter Specifications March
Chapter Specifications A794 March
A794 Specifications March
Chapter Specifications A794 March
A794 Chapter Specifications March
Chapter Specifications A794 March
Chapter Communication Interface Communication Interface Commands RS-232C Interface and XON/XOFF DTR/DSR RS-232C Technical Specifications
Chapter Interface A794 Communication Interface Commands March to printed, that the from the that the This the exactly to each character. This chapter to such or existing the to with the host, The the RS-232C and IEEE interface. The interfaces associated with them that the and when the interface matched and the the and the to information about this section RS-232C Interface Once the established, commands to the This section to commands to the DOS and BASIC. This section account the as introduction to the DOS to Commands One of commands to the to them directly from DOS. the COPY CON: COM1: the such that the to that would to the COM1 when the COPY exited. If the connected to COM1, then the to the the COPY CTRL and then the ENTER Once the to from to the commands from software BASIC to Commands BASIC, commands as of characters that the LPRINT command. LPRINT CHR$(&H0A) the 0A to the which the to the of its Previously commands the exactly this should appear the LPRINT CHR$(&H12); "ABC"; CHR$(&H0A) the 0A to the This the to to the with ABC and finally, (0A). the that the BASIC to matched to that of the
A794 Chapter Interface RS-232C Interface and The RS-232C interface XON/XOFF (software) or DTR/DSR to the flow of information the and the XON/XOFF, character back and forth the and the to the DTR/DSR, the DTR/DSR the RS-232C interface the information flow. The RS-232C interface offers the that selected through the of the and chapter the A794 Service The of the the to to the least as as printed. The allow to the the to each immediately the without to Ideally, the the without characters or transmitted. The shows that with of milliseconds each the or the the of the Characters the the to the (It the to the characters/line, with seconds the It seconds to the to the 19.2K with each the would to seconds to the that existed and the The shows that with the than the allowing the to Char. March
Chapter Communication Interface A794 XON/XOFF DTR/DSR March The XON/XOFF characters the information the and the The XON character when ready to and XOFF character when The software the the as shown the following to the If XON/XOFF selected, the the DTR as the section, the DSR to XON character XOFF character The DTR to to the It when the ready to and high when from the confirms that the DSR
A794 Chapter Communication Interface RS-232C Technical Specifications This section the the and the RS-232C interface The RS-232C selected through the The RS-232C match those of the information about these sections or A794 RS-232C RS-232C Interface the A794 Service Connectors The following shows the RS-232C and assignments. The located the rear of the and as DB9, D-shell, and DB25, with RTS and CTS connected. DB-9 Connector DB-25 Connector DSR RTS CTS Not Used Shell-Frame Ground Connector With RS-232C, the The following shows the and assignments. The DIN and located the of the Function Function Ground Shell Not Used RXD TXD DTR Not Used March Function Function RTS CTS DSR Ground Not Used Not Used Not Used Not Used Not Used Not Used Used Not Used Not Used Not Used Not Used Not Used DTR Not Used Not Used Not Used Not Used Not Used
Chapter Communication Interface A794 March Connector The following shows the the The following the the The with and located the of the Connector Ground Switch VDC Switch RS-232C The the RS-232C Rate K, K, K, Parity Parity Enabled, Parity Disabled, Parity, Parity Flow XON/XOFF, DTR/DSR Reception Generally the shipped with the RS-232C the factory. If to of these using the This instructions the the RS-232C to other information about this section the RS-232C and through the the A794 Service
A794 Communication Interface Interface The with IEEE-1284 interface. The to the interface the the and section of the A794 Service IEEE Connector The following shows the and assignments. The located the of the and as IEEE 1284-A commonly known as ACK/ BUSY PAP_EX SELECT Selected) Function Function STROBE/ D0 D1 D2 D3 D4 D5 D6 D7 March AUTOFD/ Feed) FAULT/ INIT/ the SELECTIN/ (Select
Chapter Communication Interface A794 March
Chapter Information of Commands Command Command Function Positioning and Commands Positioning Commands Characteristics Commands Graphics Commands Commands Commands Commands Commands Download
Chapter Information A794 of March Commands operations and of the from selecting the and of characters and graphics the to feeding and the The of the commands, including the following: A793 A794 Native APOS TM-T88 of the commands to to with the otherwise noted). commands and implemented. They as implemented. If received, they and to the as commands to the as Command 0A and One 0C and to 0D Clear to Graphics Double-Wide Characters Select Characters 1A 1B Download BMP 1B Tone 1B 0C 1B Select Counter-Clockwise Rotated 1B 1B Select Pitch Width) 1B Right-Side Character Spacing 1B Select 1B Starting
A794 Chapter Information Command 1B Select Character 1B Character 1B 2A Select 1B 2D Select or 1B Spacing to Inch 1B Spacing 1B 3A Copy Character from ROM to RAM 1B 3D 1B 3F Character 1B 1B NUL 1B Select or Emphasized 1B or 1B Select or 1B 4A and 1B 4B Graphics 1B 4C Select 1B International Character 1B 1B Select Direction 1B Select or Clockwise Rotated 1B 1B Select Graphics 1B 5B 7D Switch to Download 1B 5C Relative 1B Select Justification 1B to 1B Select to Stop 1B or 1B and 1B 1B 6A from Memory 1B 6D 1B to 1B to Memory (NVRAM) 1B Select International Character 1B 1B Peripheral 1B 1B 7B Select or Upside-Down 1D Sector 1D of Memory March
Information A794 March Command 1D Select Memory Sector to Download 1D to 1D 1D 1D CRC 1D Sector CRC 1D 0E Sector 1D 0F CRC 1D Selected Sector 1D Download to Active Sector 1D Select Character 1D Select Memory (SRAM/Flash) 1D Select the 1D 1D 2A Downloaded 1D 2F Downloaded 1D 3A Select or Definition 1D Sector 1D Select or White/Black 1D Select of HRI Characters 1D ID 1D ID, Remote 1D 4C Margin 1D and Motion Units 1D and 1D Select and 1D 1D 5C Relative 1D 5E 1D Select or (ASB) 1D Select or Smoothing 1D Select Pitch of HRI Characters 1D Select Height 1D 6B NUL 1D 1D Select 1D FF 1F Convert to 1F Select or 1F Software 1F
A794 Chapter Information Command previous and This command the the inch instead of inch The measured inches inches. 1B Right-Side Character This the right to Spacing motion these of inches inches. 1B graphics commands, the to match the previous text the character 1B Since the the printhead Character characters that the appear the 1B 2A Select graphics to match the of the graphic the previous 1B Spacing This of inches. the previous of inch and the of inch, the exactly match the spacing. 1B 4A and as 1B Select the the graphics Graphics to the match. 1B 5C Relative The to this of However, the and to character this command character to based the previous character the 1B Select Justification This command character-aligned centering. 1D 2A Downloaded IN this command the incoming to match to the of the as the previous 1D 2F Downloaded as The following the of commands whose from the A793(A756) and the A794(A758) of the physical of head (A793/A756) head (A794/A758). March
Information A794 Command Command March The following information each organized: Command the ASCII to the command. summary of the command, information, necessary. ASCII the ASCII the the or of the command the and of the the this command. to this command, other commands that the with. Related Information This section related information this command and to other sections information.
A794 Information Function Commands The function commands the following and of their the the the the the Clear Clears the without and the to the following Double-Wide Spacing, Pitch, and Character selections (RAM affected) Single-High, Non-Rotated, and characters and cleared to ASCII DLE with the interface, this to the the or 1B There this command. Both the function. ASCII EM ESC 1B The the A793 March
Chapter Information A794 March Partially the The of the through the The inches of the There this command. Both the function. ASCII SUB ESC 1A 1B 6D The or inch the station. The the of Tone tone ASCII ESC BEL 1B
A794 Chapter Information Select Selects the emphasized, high, or ASCII ESC 1B of of Function Pitch Pitch Compressed Pitch Col/Line, CPI Col/Line, CPI Emphasized Canceled High Canceled Canceled Canceled and used. to the Related Information the Specifications of and character pitches. March
Chapter Information A794 March Select Selects the to which the ASCII ESC 1B 3D of selected selected selected Related Information Other of and the this command, transmitted the the command. Clears the and the to the the to below). Single-High, Non-Rotated, and characters and characters or graphics cleared. ESC ASCII 1B Character Pitch CPI characters Character One with the interface, this to the
A794 Chapter Information Select to the to selected to when selected, anytime of the the this switched. The switching the ASCII ESC 1B of If or the selected as the If or the selected as the Function On near On near On On of of This only with interface. The with interface. March
Chapter Information A794 March Select to Stop Selects the to when the The finishes the and the ASCII ESC 1B of Near-End Near-End and used. or or the feed the and off. the lowest to the If the the If the the ASCII ESC 1B of Functions that the when with this command.
A794 Chapter Information from Memory Reads from location history EEROM. The the the opportunity. ASCII ESC 1B 6A of to to the ASCII ESC 1B of of On-time of Off-time The or the to the (Hex) (Hex) Related Information The off-time the the the operation. March
Chapter Information A794 March to Memory (NVRAM) Writes to location history EEROM. ASCII ESC 1B of of of Select and Selects and the There this command, the other and The indicated the ASCII GS GS 1D 1D of Selects the as shown the of and feed). feed). to motion and the completely. to motion and the partially. of (when with of of the motion the to which the
A794 Chapter Information Positioning and Commands The positioning and commands the of characters the and One Prints from the and ASCII LF 0A Prints from the and The through the to or this command. the command to while others as command. ASCII CR 0D Related Information the information. the the height without DC4 ASCII of The of to height of March
Chapter Information A794 March the inch, without ASCII NAK of inch of inch, to the character height to increase or the of inch. ASCII SYN of of of The following shows the relationship the of inch and each Inch Inch
A794 Chapter Information Prints from the and ASCII ETB Prints the first character of the It each The of to each ASCII ESC DC4 1B of pitch pitch of This with or graphics. Spacing to Inch the to of inch ESC ASCII 1B March
Chapter Information A794 March Spacing the to inch The inch. The the character height when too If the and Motion Units (1D to the and motion the of this Spacing) accordingly. ASCII ESC 1B of inch of inch Related Information information, the of the and Motion Units this and Prints from the and the inch The height the character height when too If the and Motion Units (1D to the and motion the of this and accordingly. ESC ASCII 1B 4A of inch of Related Information information, the of the and Motion Units this
A794 Chapter Information and Prints from the and the height. ASCII ESC 1B of as March
Chapter Information A794 Positioning Commands March The positioning commands the of characters the the to the the (1B command. The to each ASCII HT Right-Side Character Spacing the right character to or motion this and The of and motion specified the and Motion Units (GS P) command. the or the right character the or motion the and Motion Units (GS P) the and than the amount of the motion used. the or motion and the of the the the or right of the Select Direction ESC T) the motion used. the the right or of the Select Direction ESC T) the motion used. ASCII ESC SP 1B of
A794 Information Starting the to the specified of to the right from the of the The to the first each If the and Motion Units command (1D to the and motion the of this accordingly and to ASCII ESC 1B of of to from the of the The and high The shows to as the of Related Information This graphics Graphics Commands this information. information, the of the and Motion Units (1D this March
Chapter Information A794 March to from the the The the character the The with 1B clears ASCII ESC NUL 1B NUL of than or to the selected of Every characters from the and the 1B of specified) clears The higher than the of the pitch: pitch pitch
A794 Chapter Information Relative the the specified of right to the right or to the of the The to the first each ASCII ESC 1B 5C of To the Relative Right of the of to right of the The and high To the Starting Position of the of to of the The and high To to the The shows to the to the of the of To to the right: The shows to the relative to the right of the of Related Information If the and Motion Units (1D to the and motion the of this command Relative accordingly. information, the of the and Motion Units (1D this March
Chapter Information A794 March Information (A794 A793 There the of this A794 as to the A793. The when the to to the The A793 the whole to the the head. This of allows the A794 to the and characters and their associated when Relative instructs the to the to the to the of the A794 the the printhead when the Relative command to the this the to the previous This to to the to characters the station. Select Justification the of characters, graphics, and the of ASCII ESC 1B of Right of The the of
A794 Chapter Information Margin the of the The to motion inches. The motion the and Motion Units command (1D This below. The of the the (1D which follows this command. the (1D this of that command. If the the the of the used. The the ASCII GS 1D 4C of of (the To the to inch the motion of inches, the four-byte GS to the to inches the motion of inch, the four-byte GS Where inches and Printable width March
Chapter Information A794 March and Motion Units the and motion to inch and inch respectively. or to the that motion used. ASCII GS 1D of of of of of of
A794 Chapter Information the of the If the the the of the used. The of the to motion inches. The motion the and Motion Units command (1D which earlier this The of the follows the Margin (1D 4C). the Margin (GS L) earlier this ASCII GS 1D of of (the To the of the to inch the motion of inches, the four-byte GS to the of the to inches the motion of inch, the four-byte GS Where inches and Printable width This effective the of If the the the of the used. The the March
Chapter Information A794 Characteristics Commands March These commands what the information selection of character of characters, and of The commands of their Select Characters Prints characters. The to single-wide or the Clear command received. Double-wide characters the with single-wide characters. ASCII DC2 Double-wide characters the with or graphics. Select Characters Prints single-wide characters. characters the with characters. ASCII DC3 characters the with or graphics.
A794 Information Select Counter-Clockwise Rotated characters counter-clockwise. The the or Clear or Rotated (1B received. ASCII ESC DC2 1B Related Information Summary of Rotated this Select Pitch Width) Selects the character pitch ASCII ESC SYN 1B of pitch pitch pitch) The following the characteristics both pitches the station. Pitch CPI Related Information Specifications of both pitches. March
Chapter Information A794 March Select Character Selects the character RAM character selected, active ROM character used. the the character ASCII ESC 1B of (RAM) of
A794 Information Character and characters RAM. The to overwrite characters. characters turned off or the command (1B received. aborts the command. ASCII ESC 1B and the of (vertically) the character the ASCII of the first and characters respectively 20-FF as 20-FF as To only character, the both and the of the character as specified the the character as specified The of character The and each the Top of Character MSB LSB March
Chapter Information A794 March Select or or off. the or Relative commands. This command and the Select (1B and off the ASCII ESC 1B 2D of Select Select thickness This of the specified
A794 Chapter Information Copy Character from ROM to RAM characters the active ROM to RAM. this to the Character ASCII ESC 1B 3A active ROM Related Information To characters of the character such as Rotated Print, Select of the Rotated commands, to RAM, then the Character (1B Character the the character specified the character canceled, the from active ROM printed. ASCII ESC 1B 3F of This of or the character March
Information A794 March Select or Emphasized or The to the Clear command received. ASCII ESC 1B of On and the Least LSB) the lowest of effective. Emphasized with or Related Information This and the Select (1B function identically. They should the when together. Select or or off. to Emphasized The to the Clear received. ASCII ESC 1B of On and the Least LSB) the lowest of effective. with or downloaded
A794 Information Select or or off. The to the Clear received. ASCII ESC 1B of On the lowest of Select Character Table Selects the character to used. Specifications the character There this command. Both the function. ASCII ESC ESC 1B 1B of Related Information This known as Select International Character and the Least LSB) March
Information A794 March Select International Character the command, Select Character Table Select or Clockwise Rotated Rotates characters clockwise. The command the or Clear or Rotated (1B command received. Summary of Rotated this ASCII ESC 1B of Select or Upside-Down Prints characters. The combined with Clock Rotated (1B or Counter Clock Rotated (1B The character inverted the text used. used. Summary of Rotated this information. ASCII ESC 1B 7B of The command the of It with right characters the
A794 Information Select White/Black White/Black White/Black and reversed, which that white characters background. the White/Black selected to character which Right-Side Character Spacing (ESC SP). This with built-in characters and characters, the White/Black HRI characters, and (HT), Starting (ESC and Relative (ESC ASCII GS 1D of On the lowest of Select or Smoothing This command ASCII GS 1D and the Least LSB) March
Information A794 March Select or or or off. This combined with other characters commands 1B 1D ASCII AX ENQ 1F of Normal character Select Select This of the specified Summary of Rotated The shows the of clockwise rotated and counterclockwise rotated clockwise rotated and counterclockwise rotated commands The of the command effective The of the the characters. Double-wide and double-high characters the orientation. They the Rotated CW Rotated CCW 1B 7B 1B 1B Canceled Canceled Canceled Canceled Canceled Below) Canceled Canceled Canceled Canceled Canceled Canceled Below) Right-side and the
A794 Chapter Information Graphics Commands These commands to and graphics and of their Graphics Prints of the to ASCII DC1 of graphics Download BMP BMP RAM or Flash. The BMP using the Downloaded (1D 2A) command. ASCII ESC BMP 1B height BMP that Related Information Microsoft BMP March
Information A794 March Starting the graphics the specified of from the of the The to each If the and Motion Units (1D to the and motion the of this Starting accordingly. information, the of the and Motion Units this ASCII ESC 1B of of to from the of the of of The than
A794 Chapter Information the and of graphics the command to the which the to the graphic of the ASCII ESC 1B 2A of of of of of DPI) DPI) DPI) DPI) DPI) DPI) DPI) DPI) of of of of of of (Printed Down, Then Related Information Top of March MSB LSB
Information A794 March Select Top of Select Graphics of graphics the to the which the to allows The of the the to to (1B 2A, earlier this ESC ASCII 1B 4B of of of of of of (Printed Down, Then the MSB LSB
A794 Chapter Information Select Graphics of graphics the to the which the to allows The of the the Each to to (1B 2A, earlier this ASCII ESC 1B of of of of of of (Printed Down, Then Across) the March
Chapter Information A794 March Select the Selects to or printed. The active this command with this that memory as If there already memory the first inactivated and the used. The inactive from and to memory. this command command and from the active selected, the the from memory and If there then printed. the of previously existing that only the the Select (1D command. this the assigns as the active It memory as inactivating If the memory with inactive the firmware the the This the only which the memory without command. the of using the Select (1D used. that, the the memory when with writing character memory, or both, the and character memory when the or character ASCII GS 1D of
A794 Chapter Information Downloaded (such as RAM or with the of specified and The downloaded turned off, another or (1B received. the below graphic of the One One ASCII GS 1D 2A of of of of of of of (Printed Down, Then The of the following than or to the the Downloaded (1D 2F) of the Top of Graphic March MSB LSB
Chapter Information A794 March Downloaded Prints the RAM or specified It the the downloaded the the previous of the ASCII GS 1D 2F and of of DPI DPI* Normal High measured inch Convert to Selects or the selected, and graphics expanded and to their The positioning commands positioning ASCII AX EOT 1F On and the LSB)
A794 Information Commands These commands the to with the following the selected DTR/DSR or XON/XOFF. They the as they received, and the firmware the which they received. the the RS-232C interface and to of the commands. If the causing the cleared, such as or the thermal printhead cool the the its commands allow the to function when the RS-232C interface. the following section, Commands, about these commands. March
Chapter Information A794 March only) This command allows the to inform the when the the processed. this to the the which to the processed. The PAPER EXHAUST shows the the or as shown the information to what the BUSY, ACK, PAPER EXHAUST, and FAULT. ASCII ESC 1B and of of Function High Closed or Not High Closed or Not (Not Implemented. High as High Not BUSY PAPER EXHAUST LINE to previously (RS-232C only) of the If connected, the closed. ESC ASCII 1B of Closed or Closed or used.
A794 Chapter Information to the The to the when or the following ASCII ESC 1B (RS-232) Function Closed Not Used to to Too or too Too high or too Not Used to to Related Information and Conditions the Commands section of this about reporting. March
Chapter Information A794 March ID the ID specified This batch command; that the the processed. There the this and the the (ASB) the (1D the transmitted this command ID) and the ASB to the information found from the the Commands section this ASCII GS 1D of ID ID ROM ID ID ID ID A794 ID options to ROM ID ROM ID Function character On character installed. On Undefined. Not used. to Not used. to
A794 Chapter Information ID, Remote the functions specified <CR> ASCII GS 1D of to of Remote item Function to NVRAM ASCII to GS to NVRAM, and to to GS This written: clear item to #1234567890<CR> to NVRAM ASCII to NVRAM, and to clear item firmware Not write to ROM firmware Not write to ROM 2A Not write to ROM 2B firmware firmware ASCII 2C firmware CRC Not write to ROM 2D firmware CRC Not write to ROM 2E firmware CRC write to ROM 2F CRC, firmware CRC, ASCII firmware Not write to ROM March
Chapter Information A794 March of Remote item Function write to ROM Not write to ROM firmware firmware ASCII firmware CRC Not write to ROM firmware CRC write to ROM firmware CRC Not write to ROM CRC, CRC, ASCII tally, ASCII to NVRAM, and to to GS This Clear to tally, to tally, ASCII to NVRAM, and to Clear to tally, tally, ASCII Hours to NVRAM, and to Clear to Hours tally, firmware Not Write to NVRAM to GS 00010000 To to to NVRAM to NVRAM
A794 Chapter Information of Remote item Function Not firmware Not firmware firmware A0 firmware Not A1 firmware Not A2 firmware Not A3 A4 tally, ASCII A5 to NVRAM, and to A6 Clear to A7 tally, A8 tally, ASCII A9 to NVRAM, and to AA Clear to AB tally, AC tally, ASCII AD to NVRAM, and to AE Cover Clear Cover to AF tally, B0 tally, ASCII B1 Not B2 to B3 Cover tally, to NVRAM to NVRAM to NVRAM Not March
Chapter Information A794 March Select or (ASB) or back (ASB) and the items. This batch command; that the processed. There the this and the ASB the If of the items selected, ASB and the whenever the selected If selected, ASB four transmitted without DSR. If the the following the ASB: Cover Out-of-Range Printhead Out-of-Range ASCII GS 1D of of ASB information information information information The of the Off/On ASB On RS-232C On RS-232C On On
A794 Information Select or (ASB) (ASB If ASB Related Information the the Select Peripheral (1B 3D), this command (ASB) this command, the transmitted other commands and the ASB to the information found from the the Commands section this The to the following four Information) Off/On ASB used. to off. Not used. to off. One or both On Both closed. Not the RS232C interface. On the RS232C interface. On Not used. to closed. On pressed. On pressed. Not used. to off. March
Chapter Information A794 March Select or (ASB) information) ASB On occurred. Not used. to off. On Unrecoverable occurred. On Not used. to off. Third Information) Off/On ASB On On On exhausted. On exhausted. Not used. to off. Not used. to off. Fourth Information) Off/On ASB Not used. to off. Not used. to off. recoverable Recoverable or of
A794 Information the specified This batch command which the the processed. There the this command and the the DTR/DSR RS232C selected, the the when the DSR ready to XON/XOFF RS232C selected, the the of the DSR. (ASB) using the (1D the transmitted this and the ASB to the information found from the the Commands section this ASCII GS 1D of memory Sector The to the following or Off/On On exhausted. closed. On On exhausted. Not used. to off. Not used. to off. March
Chapter Information A794 March or Off/On One or both On Both closed. One or both On Both closed. Not used. to off. Not used. to off. memory Sector or Off/On Undefined. Used. to off On Not used. to off. characters written to On characters written to Not used. to off. Undefined. of the specified the
A794 Chapter Information Software The containing the and software The first ASCII the The ASCII the bytes). The The ASCII AX 1F Prints the the ASCII AX 1F March
Chapter Information A794 Commands March The commands interface to the when the other commands (RS-232C interface only): GS 1D) and DLE to GS 1D) and DLE The commands, 1B ASCII ESC and 1B ASCII ESC the as they received and the the which they received. If the while that the of the command, the the RS-232C interface and the the reloaded. This thermal printhead overheat, there to the or other The commands implemented to these Both offer the functionality; which choose the of Commands Three when commands. the the and of the of the DSR Second, the whenever that to within the of another command, such as graphics this the correctly as the graphics to when the graphics from the Third, to command the of another command that consists of or bytes. this the the instead of the other commands when finally that other from the the other NOT correctly. These three of DOS the when using commands.
A794 Chapter Information through the Applications should the with commands when the the RS-232C interface. the RS-232C interface of the to GS ENQ or GS EOT or DLE EOT The reason other to GS EOT or DLE EOT Although the to commands when them the other there, and them the which they received. the to (that cant as as then to of the and the commands eventually flushed the to then of the the clears or another. the of the with commands. the DLE used, the when the the DLE with the EOT or ENQ. this DLE finally of the as Clear command. when the GS used, the when the the GS with the EOT or ETX or ENQ. this GS finally of the the whatever as the its GS To this the the of and action or the commands to the There of the when and Conditions If the (cover exhausted), the to the batch commands (ESC and ESC the commands, and actually to command. Then and of the the clears. It to the commands as below. March
Information A794 March from the and non-Real commands to which the which to the below. to ESC and ESC non-Real and arrive the which they solicited. Batch ESC ESC GS GS GS EOT DLE EOT GS ENQ XON XOFF (ASB) ASB ASB
A794 Chapter Information to The to from the specified This command includes GS and DLE. The operations the of to the following ASCII GS ETX DLE ENQ 1D of recover and recover and clear from the of the where occurred, recovering from the that normally from to such as character height and with this command. This when the to This command recovery from Other associated with the such as or printhead overheating, recovered from only clearing the such as or the printhead cool Recovers from clearing the and buffers. that normally from to such as character height and with this command. This when the to The recovery as The command of GS DLE March
Chapter Information A794 March the selected specified to the following This includes GS and DLE. GS DLE ASCII GS EOT DLE EOT 1D of GS RS-232C DLE RS-232C The command of Related Information Function to On to On. One or both On Both closed. Not the RS-232C interface. On the RS-232C interface. On to On. Undefined. Undefined. to
A794 Chapter Information RS-232C Function to On to On. closed. On pressed. On feed pressed. On to On. to On to On the to Function to On to On. to On occurred. On to On. On Unrecoverable occurred. On to Thermal printhead and supply Thermal head or of March
Information A794 March Function to On to On On On On to On On exhausted On to
A794 Chapter Information of the ASCII GS ENQ 1D of Function On On closed. On Not the RS-232C interface. On the RS-232C interface. One or both On Both closed. to On the On to On. March
Information A794 March These commands and and of their Select of HRI Characters Prints HRI Interface) characters or below the ASCII GS 1D of Not the Below the Both and below the (Not printed) Select Pitch of HRI Characters Select to HRI characters. ASCII GS 1D of Pitch CPI Pitch CPI Pitch CPI)
A794 Chapter Information Select the height to or inch ASCII GS 1D of of of Selects the type and the ASCII characters If the of the the printed. There to this command. The first NULL character to terminate the the the of the to the that NULL character as of the With the the of specified the of the or right the (1B The UPC and JAN (EAN) from the Six-character UPC-E from or characters from the to UPC-E characters they included. Rotated with 1D with or and PDF417 readability. ASCII GS NUL GS 1D 6B NUL 1D 6B NUL The command only the of the command. of command) March
Information A794 UPC-A (ASCII Length: UPC-E Length: JAN13 (EAN) Length: JAN8 (EAN) Length: (ASCII (ASCII characters) necessary) Interleaved of PDF March terminated with NULL Character of of The of selects the as the The the character to the the If character the the and the following treated as
A794 Chapter Information UPC-A (ASCII Length: UPC-E Length: JAN13 (EAN) Length: JAN8 (EAN) Length: CODE39 (ASCII (ASCII characters) necessary) Interleaved of (ITF) CODABAR (NW-7) bytes) the PDF (continued) Select the to inch ASCII GS 1D of inch March
Chapter Information A794 Commands March of that the A794 to typical of as and feeding as the feed commands received. that or the as memory Think of this as The within that The the FF (0C) or the ESC FF (1B 0C) command. The Select (1B 4C) the commands that as commands. Several commands when and The of these commands this chapter the they the and to completed, Select Direction (ESC T) and (ESC W) and the buffering character from the The and the to The printed. information this ASCII FF 0C This command the to the from the selected that of the to ASCII CAN This
A794 Chapter Information Collectively the the clear the and Select Direction (ESC T) and (ESC W), and the character ASCII ESC FF 1B 0C This Select Switches from to completed the and to (FF) command or Select (ESC S) the to The printed. information this This the where to the specified Select Direction (ESC T) within the (ESC W). This switches the the following commands (which and to those Right-Side Character Spacing (ESC SP) Select 1/6-Inch Spacing (ESC Spacing (ESC It to the following commands These commands executed. Select or Clockwise Rotation (ESC V) Counter Clockwise Rotation (ESC DC2) Select Justification (ESC Select or Upside-Down (1B 7B). Margin (GS L) (GS W) ASCII ESC 1B 4C The when input the of The previously selected. March
Chapter Information A794 March Select Switches from to switching from to cleared, the (ESC W) and the to the of the This switches the the following commands (the these commands and to those Right-Side Character Spacing (ESC SP) Select Inch Spacing (ESC Spacing (ESC selected when turned the or the (ESC used. ASCII ESC 1B This effective
A794 Information Select Direction Selects the and the The that areas, the using the commands (FF or ESC FF). ASCII ESC 1B of The only The the of of the specified proceeding to the right (A) proceeding the (B) right proceeding to the (C) right proceeding (D) March
Chapter Information A794 March the and of the The that areas, the the commands(FF or ESC FF). ASCII ESC 1B of The of the the of the to The of the to the to inches. The of the to the to inches. the to the of and the graphic of the information about the pitch, the and Motion Units (1D of the pitch)] of the pitch)] of the pitch)] of the pitch)] the following this command. The pitch the or The the inches. The the inches.
A794 Chapter Information Select Character Selects the character height to and selects the character using to as follows: Character Selection (three (four Character Height Selection Height height) (three height (four height) height) height) height) This effective characters HRI characters). the the and the to the feed when character clockwise-rotation the relationship and and based the character characters with the characters the the The Select (ESC or double-width and double-height the of the effective. GS ASCII 1D March
Information A794 March Select Character of of of of of If of the this the character The to or motion inches. The or motion the and the The reference Select Direction (ESC T) and operates the the when the to the or right; and the the when the to the rights or The and motion specified the and Motion Units (GS P) command. The and Motion Units (GS P) to the and motion the than the amount, and of the amount. ASCII GS 1D or motion inches. This effective If the or motion the specified this
A794 Chapter Information Relative the from the This the and motion The of and motion specified this command. This functions as follows, the Select Direction (ESC T): the to the or of the the motion used. the to the right or of the the motion used. ASCII GS 1D 5C The the and than the amount, and, of the amount. The from the to or motion inches. The amount of the pitch specified to the pitch specified to the (the the of pitch specified to the This otherwise that the specified March
Chapter Information A794 Commands March These commands to and of operations. Select or Definition or when this operation and when this The cleared, of the when the (GS command received. Normal while the the turned the The of the cleared the (ESC the (ESC command as of the If the Select or Definition (GS immediately previously Select or Definition (GS the the ASCII GS 1D 3A The of the to bytes. If the bytes,
A794 Chapter Information specified the the to pressed. the pressed, the the once. The this the of specified the the the ASCII GS 1D 5E of The of to the of The the The every when the LSB (Least The continuously the specified when the LSB (Least of If this while the aborted and the cleared. If the or nothing executed. March
Chapter Information A794 Download Commands March These commands to firmware the There three to the the with DIP Switch While the normally, the command, Switch to Download (1B 5B 7D) to and the If the found corrupted the the The directly from the to operation. To to operation the the off and then to or the command to and DIP Switch UP to to operation. each received, the ACK or NAK to the when each received: ACK when the received and completed the successfully. NAK when The commands to their Each and the and ASCII listed. Communicates to the information downloaded from applications. downloaded to memory to the of the firmware, the CRC and other
A794 Chapter Information Switch to Download the to commands the downloading of memory. this received, the operation and the the (1D FF) or the rebooted. This command the Once the this command ASCII ESC 1B 5B 7D Related Information Download this to the the Sector ACK ASCII the memory sector 189-1234567A ASCII GS NULL 1D only of Memory the of the used. There or sectors (64K each) memory. This that the firmware to the memory. The the sector that the Select Sector to Download (1D command. GS SOH ASCII 1D March
Information A794 March Select Memory Sector to Download Selects the sector which the operation The of the sector restricted, the type. The ACK the sector or NAK the sector Sector ASCII GS STX 1D of the sector to which the operation of CRC the to the CRC the currently selected sector and the This normally downloading sector to that the correct. The the CRC each sector and the sector The ACK the CRC the selected sector; NAK the CRC incorrect or sector selected. ASCII GS ACK 1D Sector CRC the CRC the sector GS BEL ASCII 1D ACK <high
A794 Chapter Information Sector the memory to erased. The ACK the NAK ASCII GS SO 1D 0E CRC the CRC the firmware The of the ACK <high ASCII GS SI 1D 0F Selected Sector the previously selected sector. The ACK when the sector If the sector or sector selected, the NAK. GS DLE ASCII 1D and of 1M 2M March
Chapter Information A794 March Download to Active Sector and count of to the selected sector, that bytes. The to the of the sector. from to 64K. The of ACK that the written correctly and the should the NAK that, reason, the written correctly. This that or that the write to The to to the or and ASCII GS DC1 1D of of the the high of high of the the of the count the high of of high of the count the of bytes, from to of of bytes) of of Count 0000-FFFF 0001-FFFF from to 64K. Related Information only
A794 Chapter Information Memory (SRAM/Flash) Where to or whether to the or characters to memory or to RAM memory). The selection this or the ASCII GS 1D of (ASCII active to RAM only. This to memory. following this command (ASCII Loads active to memory. This the following this memory. (ASCII characters to RAM only. This the character characters following this (ASCII characters to memory. this to characters memory. characters following this memory. character memory. The memory characters. information, the Sector (1D Command earlier this section. March
Chapter Information A794 While memory, the including To feedback to the the to the when the the Sector (1D command, should the from the If to should of seconds the Sector (1D command March Sector of memory and when the ASCII GS 1D of (ASCII This command the 64K characters and The should when the and to and when to character with another. both and character and the ASCII GS (SPACE) 1D FF