USB Cartridge or off On light Select options the the optional Edge through and options, and or Optional accessory Bluetooth C12C824383 Carrying PMBAG06 Rechargeable Battery C12C831082 Specifications Memory light Memory Colors: and Bidirectional with EPSON ESC/P Since the of or type of the the of or type of included the Optional cover inches Cartridge release type (included with Dont this to or Cartridge (Included Colors and Cartridge months F C) years from to F to C) month F C) F C). It and approximately hours F C). (PM (PM
(PM Mechanical Sheet top Width: inches Depth: inches inches without AC or optional Printable inch of the to or to off the the of information. AC A381H Rated AC to AC to Rated to to Rated to Rated VDC, Operation: to F to C) to F to C) month F C) Operation: to RH to RH (without (PM (with and Width: inches Depth: inches inches Memory Card Card CF II Compatible with CF+ and CompactFlash V/5 combined USB Interface Connectivity Universal Specifications Revision Universal Specifications Revision (High Connector type USB Encoding NRZI Recommended than Interface Connectivity Specifications Revision (High Connector type USB Encoding NRZI Recommended than Not USB supported. UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC CSA C108.8 Class Memory PRO Compatible with Memory Compatible with Memory Memory PRO Format Specifications SD MMC Compatible with SD Memory Card Specifications PART1. Physical Specification Compatible with Specifications cards Card Compatible with Card Card Card/Type Card
Loading Dont or the to the back. the Press the to the the outward. of to sheets of and the slightly them. the the with the or whiter the slightly. or whiter beneath arrow of or whiter to smearing. the and to curling. Memory Card Press the On to Press the to the (PM (PM
(PM the memory the as shown. Top SD and SDHC and and MMC Card Card and H) Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO Memory Memory CompactFlash and II) cant once. the the the the memory light and to flash. while the memory light flashing; Memory Card ready to memory the memory light while the memory light flashing; (PM Memory light To from the top the and release then straight of the To from the and release the release Then the to and straight of the easy to the to of of of this to options selection (selects option Navigation buttons selecting or You the of the or lowering the top of the to the closing the showing selected Right selection (selects option
the memory the Press the to switch and You whether displays with or without the (the information the of the photo). to appears the to to the (If necessary, to and the icons.) The following used: or Red-eye reduction correction turned the You photo This the only the Select the photo to Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK showing selected Select or (or Not rotated the Press OK the Press to it back from these memory (as PictBridge or USB-DIRECT PRINT Bluetooth-enabled optional Bluetooth C12C824383) CD or memory (thumb) the or the on-screen instructions from connected these JPEG or only from to features. to this included JPEG or RAW and the first memory or (PM (PM
(PM If memory the to or to OK to The selected photo highlighted If the to shows the that If to photo, the To than OK to increase the of (Press Copy to the using the selection the photo To or to and OK to to necessary. To directly to to Press or to selected If the Press to the of the information, enough loaded, then to You the of the top of the (PM You the memory and the of to of each photo. Select (Select the selection the Press to choose Select The selected highlighted If than of each OK to increase the of (Press Copy to the the selection the Press Proceed To the of of photo, or to the photo. Then OK to increase the or Copy to To directly to to Press or to selected If Press to the of the information, enough loaded, then to If than to while of sheets that and OK to If to
of You choose (or of from memory through Press or to highlight Select then OK Press or to highlight Select then OK Highlight the first photo the then OK (You or to the photo.) Highlight the photo the then OK The selected highlighted Press Proceed To the of of photo, or to the Then OK to increase the or Copy to To directly to to Press or to selected If Press to the of the information, enough loaded, then to You If of memory this to the Press or to highlight Select then OK Press or to highlight Select then OK You of Press or to highlight the then OK appears the the selected. You selecting the Proceed (the right selection the The the selected appear the Press OK to the or of (as enough loaded, then to Camera-Selected DPOF If DPOF Format), to which and to to choose with DPOF, then memory reads and displays the DPOF found. the DPOF Select the right selection the the Press or to selected enough loaded, then to (PM (PM
(PM Slideshow of You the Press or to highlight Select then OK Press or to highlight Slideshow then OK the slideshow displays the memory then to the selection To the slideshow Press Proceed to If photo to the slideshow Stop or Then OK to as the section. Choosing the without If to with white or of the to the The choose the memory or To the whenever the instructions. Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight the photo(s), then OK (PM You these choices: Wallet ID with of each aspect CD with of each the without expanded and around the This of to off. You the amount of and the instructions. At the selection OK to the photo or of (as the US ID and of each other layouts, to or or of and of another, of photo and of B. Then choose as the sheets of as shown: other then to US of each
You of photo, the that The to the affects photo, Select the photo to Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight Crop then OK You around the photo: This the that the the cropped. the to Press to of the photo. Press to of the photo. Press or to the to of photo. Press to the Press OK You of photo with the selected. Press OK to the If to through other then to Red-Eye of they appear to You red-eye reduction to this Red-eye reduction The Red-Eye Reduction the memory or To reduction whenever the Select with the red-eye Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight Red-Eye Reduction then OK Highlight On to the then OK At the whether to apply the to the or then OK You the originally to the right of each photo. The from from the If this information incorrect, the Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK Highlight On then OK If already to and the and to off the Black-and-White or You black-and-white or tone old-fashioned when the originals The choose the memory or To the whenever the Select to black-and-white or Press Press or to highlight then OK (PM (PM
(PM Press or to highlight then OK You this Press or to Black White or then OK At the whether to apply the to the or then OK You photo(s) with the selected. Press OK to the photo or of (as other then to Fixing the and the of without of If PRINT (P.I.M.) or Print, the P.I.M. the The PhotoEnhance and increases and sharpness. It that too too light, or If too light or too manually their or the and sharpness. If while PhotoEnhance turned to These They (PM Automatically Fixing to The type of choose the memory or To the whenever the Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight Correction then OK You the Correction Press or to highlight of these options: PhotoEnhance This and increases and sharpness. It that too too bright, or (The PhotoEnhance P.I.M. This information that include P.I.M. (PRINT Matching or Prints as or P.I.M. or Select this the Press OK to apply the selected The to Press OK to the photo or of (as other then to Manually Fixing You manually or once. You corrections each memory Select that to Press Press or to highlight then OK
Press or to highlight then OK Select Brightness or Sharpness then OK You photo to the Press or to increase or the You the photo. the OK At the whether to apply the to the or then OK through to other to the photo, necessary. through to Press OK to the or of (as other then to and Prints Follow these to they Prints the of the photo. with the touching. Prints hours To as as them or of the to fading. Unused to the to curling, and from high humidity, and bright light. the Optional To the optional battery, with or to www.MyPictureMate.com. With battery, about the Battery turned off. the AC from Release the and the cover from the back of the the as shown clicks Charging the Battery the battery, to connecting the AC and the (PM (PM
(PM The light flashes charging when off. It about hours to charge the when off. It when while charging. The light off when the turned off). The following appear the right of the If with the battery, the off connected to and memory On to back Press the Removing the Battery If there with battery, or to with that already charged, to the battery. turned off. Release the and the battery. the cover. (PM Charging Battery Checking the You the of the photo Press to highlight and OK Press or You the displayed the Press OK to If the displays should the the photo The and If while the and the without turning off and to the This or other to covered warranty. To and Other products or other to covered warranty. The everything to photo and The following Supported T5846 sheets) and photo photo T5845-M sheets) and If reason, or inch
You wherever or from that You and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca within months of and the the Removing and Cartridge the Once the the right the the back of the to the Release to the without the the and of properly. recycling Warning: of the reach of children and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with If or flushing, immediately. the from its Dont the board. the immediately from its If the straight the clicks The the You to the to (PM (PM Dont the
(PM the the right, to the If the correctly, to the the charging and displays finished OK (PM Cleaning the Head If as as to too light, or through themPictureMates head cleaning. Follow the below to the head. If the photo cant clean the head the cleaning the head. Press Press or to highlight and OK Press or to Cleaning and OK You Press OK to the head. Cleaning about seconds. and Cleaning cleaning the to there the OK cleaning If there to finish. If there to the head You to or three the clean. If cleaning three to the on-screen
the Head If and the as as to or light or through themyou to the head. the head Press Press or to highlight and OK Press or to Head and OK You Press OK to The printed: Press the to which the with or white (You to Press or to highlight the the to Then OK Press or to highlight the the to Then OK the head and the The that becomes the the the head. With You easy to If to to from of the and or other location where too or too cold. or CDs, the CD only). memory cards. Press the On to turn off the On light then the from the and the and USB or from the and the that or the optional carrying the and the accessory that with and with the the the Dont its or or If as try the head. (PM (PM
(PM Related CPD-22153 CPD-22154 CPD-22155 (PM CD-ROM with HTML (PM