EPSON PRINTER GUIDE
rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with these EPSON EPSON of this information as to other EPSON EPSON EPSON ESC/P, MicroWeave, and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. ColorLife, DX3, Enhance, EPSON Photographic and EPSON UltraChrome and EPSON and EPSON service of America, Inc. Notice Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Notices Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Printed Copyright Inc. CPD-14021R1
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003
Introduction This information selecting operation, and such as It to to its and troubleshooting To follow the instructions Chapter Warning information, the following: The Reference summary of and cleaning the head, and clearing to easy reference. The Reference the CD-ROM information about the and software. You the such as or Microsoft or and Notes These this to injury. to to Notes information about hints to the of TIP
Introduction TIP the EPSON Graphics and options that become and EPSON and offer these optional and Optional and software Option EPSON C12C844061 EFI Professional Software RIP C842832 (Ethernet interface C12C823912 IEEE interface C823722 only) C12C815251 44-inch Core C815121 only) (Normal Tension) or 3-inch C12C811161 C12C811151 (High Tension) or 3-inch C12C811155 C12C811152 Cutting C12C815231 C815182 Cutting C815192 Cutting with heavy which the built-in
TIP SM If with the toll-free or Unit ID these user-replaceable items: and user-replaceable C120890071 C126890071 C12C815241 Cartridges and the the built-in You purchase optional and software, and from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please SM Where To EPSON technical and information the installation, and operation of professional products through the EPSON Preferred Protection AM to PM through hours and to without Unit ID which included with the EPSON Protection information that with and of purchase. Introduction
Introduction improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction. EPSON technical hours through the World You reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through You purchase and from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please To or should include the below: OS through 9.X (OS www.epson.com) or higher recommended 256MB of RAM or higher recommended At least 25MB of free to the software, and least 2GB of free (8GB or recommended) or CD-ROM or DVD the software USB USB and shielded USB AB from to to IEEE the optional IEEE and shielded IEEE the optional Ethernet and
improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction. To or should include the below: IBM PC with IV or higher recommended NT or XP USB PC with (factory or XP IEEE PC with IEEE or XP Ethernet Ethernet PC NT or XP 256MB of RAM or higher recommended At least 25MB of free to the software, and least 2GB of free (8GB or recommended) CD-ROM or DVD the software high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE to to with D-SUB, and the USB or XP with USB and shielded USB AB from to to IEEE the optional IEEE and shielded IEEE the optional Ethernet and Introduction
Introduction the off using the this the light flashes then the or off the to the the light off. This that the head capped. ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The EPA ENERGY STAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively. Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or near or heating to and or shock and the or sunlight. Bright light with the causing and related the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the It properly or or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. outlets switches or timers.
the where the easily fiche the cords become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the as specifically the to service the yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service Turn off the the the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions the or the To the the head hand. of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of and the high or from sunlight. Introduction
Introduction the or try to them. This to the head. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced quality. the the within months of installation.
Chapter the choosing the easy and locations to sunlight, heat, or locations of interference, such as TVs, or conditioners. Follow the this chapter to the the software, and You should allow least hours this process. This chapter covers the following information: and assembly Connecting the the Loading the Connecting the to the software the head the
the Warning Assembly Unpacking and Assembling the Follow these to If instead. and Assembling the Optional If optional the follow these to and to the Unpack the and these items. You screwdriver. A: right and each) B: right and each) C: D: Top E: F: C
Accessories: G: wrench H: attaching to I: attaching to J: attaching to K: screws with washers attaching top to L: screws attaching to M: Washers attaching to of the the as shown. (The the matched with the base.) the included wrench to the with (H). the of showing location of
the the other and the the as shown. the with (J) and (I) each the top as shown. screwdriver to the four screws (K). each of the securely.
the the and cushions. the from the of the as shown. the and from the the and other from the as shown below. and the from around the the
the Warning or people to the the from the these areas: the front cover the front the the the right the the front cover. Then the and the the head. the and to the If to the least people to as shown. follow the instructions the section to mount the optional
Warning or people to the Mounting the the Optional If optional follow these to mount the the casters and the to the from people, the the indicated locations. Then the as shown. the
the the to the with wing screws (L) and washers (M). the the as shown. The free of the should outward.
the the the rear of the (The with R.) the front once as shown, the around the the
the the the front the the and the casters. Then the to the of (The the the casters and the to Connecting the Cord
Warning people to the and four to the and Assembling the Follow these to If instead. the the and the from the of the the and from the then these items: A: section D: B: Right section E: C: F: the C
the Accessories: G: wrench H: I: washers, and washers J: Assembling the the of the sections as shown. Then with (H) the included wrench. the that the when the the other the section to the other Tighten four securely.
the the and cushions. the and from the the and other from the as shown below. and the from around the the
the these items included: M: N: (EPSON Doubleweight O: P: wound Q: R:
Mounting the the the casters to the from Then the the relation to the as shown: the
the Warning to the with than four four people, the the four locations as shown, and the the the to the with wing washers, and washers (I). Top
from the to and the the front cover. Then the and the the head, as shown these to the the front cover. the and the casters. Then the to the of (The the the casters and the the
the Attaching the the to the the to the Turn the its seams and it the Rear
the to the back of the the that the around the Then the the as shown. the to their length. the of the as shown. the
the the front and Then the to the the and back the to the the they the of the them the indicated below.
outlet that or switch. off the and Connecting the Cord the to the AC the back of the Route the through of the the or right as shown. the properly grounded the
the Warning the or the Cartridges the first the type EPSON UltraChrome or EPSON Photographic The the to the as the This the type of its If UltraChrome included: Black and Light these the to Black If to Black optional Black of the Black If to the Black should Black the If switch the grounded Follow these to the Press the the to the
the cover. the to the the that with the the
the Warning If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If cant the smoothly, the To the Black Black the first and Light Black the Black Black both each from its If EPSON UltraChrome each the the each with the arrow the the light off the Photographic users: the the first the UltraChrome users: the included the Black the first the then the Light Black the the the the to the locked and the cover.
off the or the of the while the light flashing. The charging the and the light flashes. This about off the or this process, or than necessary. the light flashing and appears the ready to the the
the To feeding when Loading the that with and from its protective The already the (If Loading the the Follow these to the the the cover. the the as shown. (The white of the the right.) the turned then the Source the light
the back to the released the the the the through the the
the Turn the back to Then the of the with the of as shown. the the of the to the then the cover. Press the (or seconds). The and READY appears the
TIP The optional allows to to and them the of the optional Ethernet the of To switched Connecting the to the to of the following: USB interfacefor XP, and interfacefor Optional IEEE interface cardfor XP, and Optional Ethernet interface cardnetwork connectivity to to optional interface instead of the built-in to the If choose to purchase optional interface information. the
the If the when to first USB directly to the USB Connecting to the USB To the to USB shielded USB Follow the below to the to both the and turned off. the of the USB to the USB the back of the of the USB to USB or first USB
Connecting to the Only) To the built-in interface, shielded, bidirectional, Follow the below to the to both the and turned off. the securely the interface. Then the together they both the other of the the computers the
the You the from the or the and the and Connecting to Optional Interface Card To the to optional or Ethernet first to the You the Follow the below. Turn off and IMPORTANT: the from its Not to the and the interface from the the screws and off the interface cover as shown: the DIP switches and the necessary. the that with the
the interface as shown, then with the screws. of the to the Then the other to or Ethernet or If using the included with to the as shown. If Ethernet information the Reference included the CD-ROM that with the the with or with section of the Reference the ferrite
the Turn off protection software. OS software and instructions the EPSON www.epson.com If OS should the OS to to from the Software Follow the below or to software. the Software OS to the to Macintosh, to the and included software CD-ROM. Follow these Turn and the software CD-ROM If necessary, the EPSON CD-ROM to its Double-click the Double-click the option to the and typeUltraChrome or Photographic Double-click At the the and
If and the the Chooser Active when the USB Select Inactive as the then the USB If Ethernet the Active The following appears: Click the button, then the Follow the instructions to software and informing that to Chooser from the Apple If to the to Click the then the Select the Background to turn or off background With background while and the EPSON to the Chooser, then to the
the If or Ethernet as the If with or Ethernet when to Instead, the Stop Searching appears. Then the and to the to LPT1 If Ethernet to the Reference Software the to to the and software CD-ROM. Follow these turned off. Turn and the software CD-ROM The automatically. If or Then CD-ROM Double-click the option to the and typeUltraChrome or Photographic Double-click XP: If that the software hasnt testing, If this installation, to If with or interface the follow the instructions below operating
or NT: Turn and to or to the Then to XP: to the button. If that connected properly, Retry or If necessary, the to the the New the or This or Once the New appears, from or location then Next the UltraChrome) or the Photographic CD-ROM as shown below. Then Next informing that OK or If to If or to them to the
the TIP the that with the That higher-quality The of that head clogged. Follow the below to from software (this that connected and properly). the turned and the that with loaded. of the following: and choose from the Then the Click to and Right-click and then or NT) or Preferences Then the XP: Click and Double-click and Other then and Right-click and Preferences Then the You the Click to Click to the head cleaning
the that with the to the the printed, to or deflected Deflected ones, that should the head. Click the and follow the instructions the to the The should with or the If the and the then to the Head If the as shown below, Clean and follow the instructions to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. the light off, the then: Macintosh: Click Confirmation then Next Click then The If the If the Clean to the head It cleaning to the head If to the head from the software, follow the instructions the section. the
the Cleaning the Head from the If to the head from the software, the to cleaning. You should cleaning than necessary, Press the SelecType the You PRINTER SETUP Press MAINTENANCE then You PWR CLEANING Press EXEC appears the then The the cleaning. off the or this If the the cleaning, the off and overnight, then clean the head the following morning. If EPSON
the BI-D them this UNI-D ALL then BI-D BLACK then BI-D ALL the BI-D BLACK (K1) the Head the should the head to clean, To the to of as If the head clogged, the correctly and head the turned then that least EPSON (this the type of that with Press the SelecType the You PRINTER SETUP Press HEAD ALIGNMENT then You PAPER THKNS Press *STD appears the This the thickness EPSON Press Press the or to the UNI-D ALL BI-D BLACK or BI-D ALL then to the they the section the following the selected should three of If to unidirectionally, to UNI-D ALL. If to bidirectionally, the UNI-D ALL first, then BI-D BLACK, then BI-D ALL. the
the the UNI-D ALL Follow these when the UNI-D ALL the of the the than of printed. the the of the that follow, to those to instead of the the or right. the the Notice that prompting to choose the the K2 this to of when
You least to the If the straightest each group, the head already properly Press to the head early. or the that with the to which the straightest. this the the choice. If the straightest to the the or to the of the straightest then this to the C, M, and Y. each the of the straightest then this to the of and to the head the BI-D BLACK (K1) Follow these when the BI-D BLACK (K1) the of the the than of printed. the the of the that follow, to those to instead of the the or right. the the straightest to of when
the You least to the If the straightest each group, the head already properly Press to the head early. the the Notice that prompting to choose the the K1 this or the that with the to which the straightest. this the the choice. If the straightest to the the or to the of the straightest then this to the and each the of the straightest then to the head the straightest
to the BI-D BLACK this the BI-D ALL Follow the below when the BI-D ALL IMPORTANT: K1 when prompted, or the of the the than of printed. the the of the that follow, to those to instead of the the or right. the the It shows K1 the K1. Press and with the following the to of when
the You least to the If the each group, the head already properly Press to the head early. The prompting to choose the the K2 this or the that with the to which the least this the (numbered the choice. If the to the the or to the of the then this to the C, M, and Y. each the of the then this to the of and IMPORTANT: K1 when prompted, or to the head The and them when the with the
Chapter and Other You purchase and other or options from the EPSON Graphics or authorized EPSON The EPSON and of including and to inches the or inches the You heavy including to thick. This chapter includes the following information: Selecting EPSON and the the Selecting You of coated, and other high-tension such as EPSON Synthetic Smooth and Textured this the amount of the and The following shows the allowable of allowable to to to to to to Thickness to to to to
and Other the EPSON Graphics or authorized EPSON other that of the purchasing or or other to their thickness and instructions. EPSON EPSON which specially the the high-quality The following the the EPSON Photographic type 8.3-inch S041376 13-inch S041378 24-inch S041638 36-inch S041639 44-inch S041640 10-inch S041644 20-inch S041645 24-inch S041461 36-inch S041462 44-inch S041463 S041331 S041327 24-inch S041655 36-inch S041656 44-inch S041657 13-inch S041233 S041141, S041271,S041272 S041140 S041142 S041156 S041143 S041145 24-inch SP91021 36-inch SP91001 44-inch SP91002 S041290 S041288 S041289 S041405 S041406 S041407
Photographic type Sheet 24-inch SP91022 36-inch SP91003 44-inch SP91004 Quality S041070 S041069 S041079 S041171 S041102 24-inch S041664 44-inch S041666 24-inch S041295 36-inch S041221 44-inch S041220 24-inch S041385 36-inch S041386 44-inch S041387 Enhanced 24-inch S041595 36-inch S041596 44-inch S041597 S041257 Heavyweight S041260 S041263 Enhanced S041598 S041599 EPSON Proofing 13-inch S041668 24-inch S041658 36-inch S041659 44-inch S041660 24-inch S041291 Heavyweight 36-inch S041227 44-inch S041226 and Other S041341 S041339
and Other Photographic (continued) type 24-inch S041292 Heavyweight 36-inch S041229 44-inch S041228 S041237 S041236 Backlight 24-inch S041482 36-inch S041483 44-inch S041484
the EPSON Graphics or authorized EPSON other that UltraChrome type 8.3-inch S041376 13-inch S041378 24-inch S041638 36-inch S041639 44-inch S041640 10-inch S041644 20-inch S041645 24-inch S041461 36-inch S041462 44-inch S041463 S041331 S041327 24-inch S041655 36-inch S041656 44-inch S041657 44-inch SP91002 36-inch SP91001 24-inch SP91021 44-inch SP91004 36-inch SP91003 24-inch SP91022 44-inch S041387 36-inch S041386 24-inch S041385 Enhanced 24-inch S041595 36-inch S041596 44-inch S041597 Enhanced S041598 S041599 EPSON Proofing 44-inch S041389 S041456 22-inch S041388 S041351 White and Other 13-inch S041668 24-inch S041658 36-inch S041659 44-inch S041660 S041290 S041288 S041289 S041405 S041406 S041407 S041341 S041339
and Other UltraChrome type EPSON S041636 S041637 24-inch SP91203 SP91200 EPSON 44-inch SP91204 SP91201 SP91202 Smooth 24-inch S041431 36-inch S041432 44-inch S041433 Textured 24-inch S041447 36-inch S041448 44-inch S041449 Synthetic 24-inch S041399 36-inch S041400 44-inch S041401 Synthetic 24-inch S041402 36-inch S041403 44-inch S041404 24-inch S041436 36-inch S041437 44-inch S041438 24-inch S041482 36-inch S041483 44-inch S041484 24-inch S041494 36-inch S041495 44-inch S041496 24-inch S041531 36-inch S041532 44-inch S041533 optional high-tension S041434 S041435 S041450 S041451
EPSON Follow these as as those included when EPSON and other touching the with the or choose the software (Macintosh) or instructions. the or both the software and the (Macintosh) or instructions selecting the software. its and it cool, to where they to high humidity, or sunlight. You with or 3-inch to inches or inches Manually switching from to another process. This section covers the following: Loading the the the Removing from the Switching 2-inch and 3-inch Cutting manually with the built-in and Other
and Other The choose software The both 2-inch and 3-inch To switch to follow the as as these To the from when using of the around the its packagingincluding the and To feeding the light the off. Press the Source of the lights Choose the to each printed. Choose or other heavy that too thick the choose this the optional or to of and them together If heavy to increase the suction the button. This the and lightweight the suction the Loading the the Follow these to the to the the off the of the
touching the of the as as from To feeding when the the as shown, then the the back the and the of the it the of the the the Follow these to the the the cover. the the as shown. (The white of the the right.) the turned then the Source the or light and Other
and Other the to the released the the the the through the
Turn the back to Then the of the with the of as shown. the the of the to the then the cover. Press the (or seconds). The the and READY appears the and Other
and Other the To the wound when the included with Removing from the If to the from the follow these the cover. If the the back to the released then the To the from the the previous section) around the the and from the the upright, with the white the and the the top. the off the top of the the from the and to its
Switching 2-Inch and 3-Inch You the to with 2-inch or 3-inch the attached each 3-inch Follow these to the using 2-inch the from the of the Press the the four shown below to release the from the the from the white the other of the If to the to 3-inch the arrow shown below and the they and Other to release
and Other optional thick Smooth Textured Heavyweight Enhanced third-party or thicker than You from software. or information. Manually with the using the to the manually finished. If or other heavy should or the optional rather than the built-in the built-in the built-in to of the following Follow these to manually with the built-in If the correctly, of the buttons to the Normally, to this finished. Press the Source the light Press the Cut/Eject The You the right of or the right and Press the SelecType PRINTER SETUP appears the Press the PLATEN GAP appears. Press the PAGE LINE appears. Press the *OFF displayed as the
The of the software or operating Press the ON appears. Press the to this as the appears to *ON.) Press the to the Sheet You of and other The from inches) to inches The sheets to inches You the when sheets; and with the as If than thick, as Follow these to sheets: the and the cover closed. Press the Source the Sheet light the back to the released and Other
and Other heavy to increase the suction the This the and lightweight the suction the To the the or while the or light flashing the the the right of the straight and with the the cover. of feed that below. Then the of the with the of as shown. the to the Press the (or seconds). The and READY appears the finished, the the To the
You heavy to inches, such as EPSON Enhanced Follow these instructions when or other than thick. the to catch front of the instructions. other You the and with the Press the Source the Sheet light the back to the released the front cover. (The that as when the and Other
and Other If than inches long-edge first the the the with the the cover. the to the Then the front cover. Press the (or seconds). The and READY appears the
To the the while the or light flashing. finished, the the To the while the back to the released the Thick or Thin thick or thin to the Normally, the STANDARD allows the to automatically. satisfactory when thin or thick to this Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETUP appears the Press the The shows the the the and to the STANDARD the choose NARROW WIDE or WIDER Press the to the Press the to the If selected the or appears the of the to of the or switch to the back to STANDARD. If to to and Other
and Other the to catch front of the the The to and catches as they (If bought the optional the The from or scratched. You to catch the the or front of the Catching Printouts of the Follow these to the front of the Unhook the from the theyre
the the Then the that they the the of the If there the properly to the Catching Printouts the To catch the the the Then the the and Other
and Other Its to the choose type EPSON software, the the to the or the the below. If thick or thin to the should that first the them or or of each type to types) and the whenever the To and them follow the below. If to type, Creating and Selecting Profiles Press the SelecType then the PAPER CONFIG appears the Press the the and to of the following then the option Function PAPER NUMBER CUT PRESSURE Decreases the thinner CUT METHOD choose and thicker or thinner choose PPR FEED light or ADJUSTMENT
this the or RIP software option Function DRYING TIME when with You the head to seconds each to allow to the SUCTION the suction when thinner than such as CAD or backlight PRINT ADJ the intensity of the MicroWeave lowers the and buttons to then to To another the to to the to the Creating and Selecting Profiles To type, the to the Then follow these Press the SelecType then the PAPER CONFIG appears the Press the PAPER NUMBER appears. Press the the and to assign to then Press to the thickness The to the following: and Other
and Other the printed the the shown the the the and buttons to the selected then to The options shown below appear as and to each The following option Function CUT Decreases the thinner PRESSURE CUT METHOD choose and thicker or thinner choose PPR FEED light or ADJUSTMENT to the EPSON the automatically. DRYING TIME when with You the head to seconds each to allow to the SUCTION the suction when thinner than such as CAD or PRINT ADJ the intensity of the MicroWeave lowers the Once created whenever that Press the SelecType then the PAPER CONFIG appears the Press the PAPER NUMBER appears. Press the
the and buttons to the to to to to using EPSON STD Press Press the to the with to the back to STD and Other
and Other
with EPSON EPSON or with and that and without RIP. ICC ColorSync included, advanced features from or the The CD-ROM includes Reference to and EPSON software. You the using browser, such as or Microsoft or This chapter includes the following information: Choosing options Choosing options Choosing advanced options Checking
with EPSON the options. to the If information about the Creating the of You the to the Dont to Choosing of the options to features that through the Software options and Follow these to choose and choose from You the Select the type of or Sheet from the Source to than edge-to-edge when together). This of without them. Select the to
The operating the to inches. the of EPSON recommends of the following that cant without when Photographic with EPSON Select the based the of If Then the inches or If with slightly than the without should slightly (about inch around). If the following than the of the rotated and crosswise. Choose this option the to each thicker types). Prints the right and of feeding the of the of when selected as the Source. the or and Printable Source to Sheet OK Without You the following inches inches inches inches inches inches only) inches inches only) inches
with EPSON The Margins information options and without www.epson.com. Support, Select then Product To without of the follow these least inch around than the of If theyre turned off. Select Margins software: On the the SelecType the appears the Press the SelecType to the then the Margins displayed. Press the button, then the to of these options: L/R ONLY when without and right only 1CUT or 2CUTS when without 1CUT the to If 2CUT This the the and the this Press to the then to and to operation. to the section to Select Margins
TIP black-and-white photography, the Color/B&W Black ColorSync with EPSON Choosing Once selected options, to The EPSON offers that and when using EPSON You choose advanced and options, as Follow these to Choose from the of the following appears: This shows the cant them from Choose the of and which to the as the (Photographic users) or (UltraChrome users). the type, Color/B&W or black-and-white Select Black only or other non-photographic
with EPSON You and them to this information. the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears the to the the this appear.) Click Custom and then choose of the from the as the or the Advanced and Choosing Advanced or of the following options from the pull-down Photo-realistic and the and brightness. Corrects or of the and the and highlights. with non-photographic Custom Advanced smoothest tones and highest-quality Advanced the of that of the of the head and only when choose or types. Text/Graph and the and highlights. with non-photographic ColorSync based ICC the
with EPSON Choose from the following buttons to features: Click to the and information about the To the and head cleaning to the head, Click to reduce to the or other options. Click to background This while and the utility. information. Click and then the to Click to finished choosing Print.
with EPSON the EPSON or authorized EPSON other that Selecting the Correct The below the to the EPSON when with Photographic or UltraChrome If EPSON listed, the instructions included with the or the EPSON If choose the You to with to which the with Photographic Product PREMIUM GLOSSY PHOTO PAPER PREMIUM LUSTER PHOTO PAPER PREMIUM SEMIGLOSS PHOTO PAPER PREMIUM SEMIMATTE PHOTO PAPER PHOTO GLOSSY PAPER PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER DOUBLEWEIGHT MATTE PAPER ENHANCED MATTE PAPER Enhanced ENHANCED MATTE POSTER BOARD EPSON PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER BACKLIGHT FILM
the EPSON or authorized EPSON other that with EPSON This the to when with UltraChrome with UltraChrome type PREMIUM GLOSSY PHOTO PAPER PREMIUM LUSTER PHOTO PAPER PREMIUM SEMIGLOSS PHOTO PAPER PREMIUM SEMIMATTE PHOTO PAPER PHOTO GLOSSY PAPER PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER DOUBLEWEIGHT MATTE PAPER Enhanced ENHANCED MATTE PAPER ENHANCED MATTE POSTER BOARD EPSON Proofing PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER GLOSSY PAPER PHOTO WEIGHT White WATERCOLOR PAPER RADIANT WHITE EPSON ENHANCED MATTE PAPER or ENHANCED MATTE POSTER BOARD Smooth SMOOTH FINE ART PAPER Textured TEXTURED FINE ART PAPER Synthetic ENHANCED SYNTHETIC PAPER Synthetic ENHANCED ADHESIVE SYNTHETIC PAPER ADHESIVE VINYL BACKLIGHT FILM TYVEK BRILLION CANVAS
with EPSON Choosing Advanced The advanced options these to or to of options to Follow these to with advanced Follow through Click Custom and then Advanced You the following: If necessary, and Choose of the following Quality To Normal and high and the High to photo than SuperPhoto the highest and astonishing of photographic These three options the of the
with EPSON The the Choose or SuperPhoto Choose of the following: MicroWeave and MicroWeave effects. These selected types. If with the MicroWeave MicroWeave High fast, bidirectional If when the High to off or the head. of with backlight
with EPSON TIP If off the Choose of the following specify brightness, and CMY or choose from the three You choose from three which the and of the the PhotoEnhance4 Allows to and other to that reflects the choose. of the ColorSync from three to EPSON of the Normally, should the of software instead. the Choose this to Click to Then type the of and The to of finished advanced OK
Notice: Conditions to the of lighting the appearance of appear to slightly when should that the the lighting which they displayed. The EPSON to when with D50 (daylight) light with EPSON The following the when choose PhotoEnhance4, or ColorSync. PhotoEnhance4 to or and the of the with PhotoEnhance4 and the information and correction accordingly. Photo-realistic and the and brightness. Corrects or of the and the and highlights. with non-photographic the as earlier EPSON Increases Matches with PhotoEnhance4 Tone choose from Normal tone correction, high (as and Effect choose from four effects (and the intensity using the Low/High Sharpness Soft and Corrects and other to Correction
with EPSON These the ColorSync photographic the relationship as them to within charts and business graphics. the relative of from to another. with known such as and that within the of both and To the the the Advanced The following this to the when off software). Drying Head light or and Thickness when thick or thin Suction the suction when thinner than such as CAD or backlight Decreases the thinner to when with You the head to seconds each to allow to the
with EPSON with that and or them. First to background to while printed. that background and Background You background from the Chooser, as or the background the Follow these to background and choose from the Click the background You the following background turned off To background the On To the of to of the following: to Normal Normal to the the to the the and the to the right to the the ready to release the following section
with EPSON You background to the EPSON instructions. Click OK to and to the Click to If selected or spooled, the the specified or released as the following section. The and as as their the the right of the and EPSON You the following: to Click to or The the To or the then of the following buttons: Click to Click to Click to
If and the the EPSON from the to release the and with EPSON You the following: Double-click the to Double-click to the of to Click to Click to the head cleaning information about the cleaning If to of the then the arrow. The Priority becomes active. Click the whose to Then the Priority and of the following Normal the the the Normal the the the ready to release clicking the the and to the then OK Priority selected the highlighted
with EPSON If to follow these Press the the to of the following, whether background If background turned off, the and the to the If background turned EPSON from the and Stop the then the to the Press and the to the and clear the input Checking The the of and and other of operation. Follow these to Click the the or You the Click to the
with EPSON Click the EPSON The software the amount of the and displays the To the the To the OK Selecting You the the to and and the Follow these Click the the or You the Click the Click to
with EPSON Warning allow to serious and to You the Select to of and Select where Click to and/or the Select from the following choose whether to and or text Warning choose whether warning and text or text only. Temporary and Temporary High the that the temporary created when to the Click the Select to the from the shown. to the head Normally, graphics this option, the its and then to the as whole (recommended The checkboxes choose to software or finishing OK to to the Click to to the
with EPSON or with and that and without RIP. The CD-ROM includes Reference which includes information about the and software. You the using such as or Microsoft or This chapter includes the following information: Choosing options Choosing and options Choosing advanced options Checking Choosing to The EPSON offers that and when EPSON You choose advanced and as Follow these to and choose from the You the selected, and then the (or Preferences XP). If or instead. Then or Preferences the
with EPSON If information about options, the TIP professional black-and-white photography, the Color/B&W Black the following appears: This shows the cant them from Select the as the (Photographic users) or (UltraChrome users). the type, Color/B&W or black-and-white photo Select Black only or other non-photographic the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears the to the of the this appear.) Click Custom and then choose of the from the (as the or the Advanced and Choosing Advanced instructions.
You and them to this information. with EPSON or of the following options from the pull-down Photo-realistic photographic and corrects or of the non-photographic and the and highlights. Custom Advanced smoothest tones and highest-quality Advanced Prevents the of that of the of the head and when choose photo or photo-quality types. Text/Graph and the and highlights. with non-photographic ICM based ICC the (effective only). If ICM-compatible to match the matching with other or the finished choosing the and follow the instructions choosing and options
with EPSON the EPSON or authorized EPSON other that Selecting the Correct The below the to the EPSON when with Photographic or UltraChrome If EPSON the instructions included with the or the EPSON If choose the You to with to which the with Photographic Product PREMIUM GLOSSY PHOTO PAPER PREMIUM LUSTER PHOTO PAPER PREMIUM SEMIGLOSS PHOTO PAPER PREMIUM SEMIMATTE PHOTO PAPER PHOTO GLOSSY PAPER PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER DOUBLEWEIGHT MATTE PAPER Enhanced ENHANCED MATTE PAPER Enhanced ENHANCED MATTE POSTER BOARD EPSON PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER BACKLIGHT FILM
the EPSON or authorized EPSON other that with EPSON This the to when with UltraChrome with UltraChrome type PREMIUM GLOSSY PHOTO PAPER PREMIUM LUSTER PHOTO PAPER PREMIUM SEMIGLOSS PHOTO PAPER PREMIUM SEMIMATTE PHOTO PAPER PHOTO GLOSSY PAPER PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER DOUBLEWEIGHT MATTE PAPER Enhanced ENHANCED MATTE PAPER Enhanced ENHANCED MATTE POSTER BOARD EPSON PHOTO SEMIGLOSS PAPER GLOSSY PAPER PHOTO WEIGHT White WATERCOLOR PAPER RADIANT WHITE EPSON ENHANCED MATTE PAPER or ENHANCED MATTE POSTER BOARD Smooth SMOOTH FINE ART PAPER Textured TEXTURED FINE ART PAPER Synthetic ENHANCED SYNTHETIC PAPER Synthetic ENHANCED ADHESIVE SYNTHETIC PAPER ADHESIVE VINYL Backlight BACKLIGHT FILM TYVEK BRILLION CANVAS
with EPSON the to the TIP Creating the of Choosing and options to that through the Software options and Follow these to choose and options: On the the You this the type of or from the Source to than edge-to-edge when together). This of without them. Select the based the of If listed, Then the of inch (or If with slightly than the without should slightly (about inch around).
Select when to the of EPSON recommends of the following that cant without when Photographic with EPSON the following options: shorter than the of the The rotated and crosswise. to and the of Choose this option the to each thicker types). Prints the right and of feeding the of the of selected as the Source. the and when Source to Sheet If to reduce or the finished, OK then OK to Without You when with the following inches inches inches inches inches inches only) inches inches only) inches
with EPSON Not when Margins turned information options and without www.epson.com. Select then Product To without of the follow these least inch around than the of If theyre turned off. Margins software: On the the SelecType appears the Press the SelecType to the then the Margins displayed. Press the then the to of these L/R ONLY when without and right 1CUT or 2CUTS when without 1CUT the to If 2CUT This the the and the this Press to the then to the and to operation. Select Margins
of these options appear, with EPSON Choosing Advanced these Advanced to or to of options to Follow through Click Custom and then Advanced You the following: If necessary, and Choose of the following Quality To Normal and high and the High to than SuperPhoto the highest and astonishing of photographic choose PhotoEnhance4, of options the of the
with EPSON TIP If off the density. Choose of the following: MicroWeave or MicroWeave effects. These selected types. If with the MicroWeave MicroWeave High fast, bidirectional quality. If when the High to off or the head. of with backlight Choose of the following specify brightness, and CMY or choose from the the You choose from three which the and PhotoEnhance4 Allows to and other to that reflects the photographic tone and choose. of the the Choose this to the with other or the ICM based the ICC the Matching only). If ICM-compatible to closely match
Notice: Conditions to the of lighting the appearance of daylight appear to slightly when should that the the lighting which they displayed. The EPSON to when with D50 (daylight) light with EPSON Click to advanced Then type the of and The to of finished advanced options, OK The following the when choose or PhotoEnhance4 PhotoEnhance4 to or and the of the with PhotoEnhance4 and that closely matches the Photo-realistic and the and brightness. Corrects or of the and the and highlights. with non-photographic the as earlier EPSON Increases Matches with
with EPSON These the PhotoEnhance4 Tone choose from Normal tone correction, high (as and tone Effect choose from four (and the the Low/High Sharpness, Soft and Corrects and other to Correction To the the the Advanced The following the when off software). Drying Head light or and Thickness when thick or thin Suction Decreases the suction when thinner than such as CAD or backlight Decreases the thinner to when with You the head to seconds each to allow to the
with EPSON with that and or them. The each The with NT) appears the when which appears the the and information about the the appears You the buttons to or You and If the to appear, off. instructions. Click to Click to appear Click the
with EPSON the The with NT) displays the of and them. To the while the EPSON that appears the the of the You the To or the to highlight then the the of the The of and when You from or from the Command buttons
with EPSON To from the as the following: XP: Click and Double-click and Other then and Right-click and Preferences other of Click to then Right-click and or NT), or Preferences Click the You the Click to
with EPSON If theres such as or displays How To that instructions the Click the EPSON The following appears. (It when Preferences You choose when and to of whether to appear and whether to allow other who the Follow these of the following: XP: Click and Double-click and Other then and Right-click and Preferences other of Click to then Right-click and or NT), or Preferences appear
If the checkbox to and of the with EPSON Click the then the You the information about using the Appears connected to Appears only than Click the Preferences You the Preferences Select the options to Not with NT
with EPSON If to the appear the Shortcut checkbox. Then the to the shortcut, the to the (shown or right-click then Preferences the Select Allow of and to other users Click OK as to the the and the of the following: XP: Click and Double-click and Other then and Right-click and Preferences other of Click to then Right-click and or NT), or Preferences Click the then the
with EPSON You to the following: Select from the following High of of the as cache. If high whether or the when EPSON or only) the of EPSON instead of the You of these beneath the EPSON option: High (DMA) that already using DMA higher rates, DMA that DMA Reference instructions DMA them. information, or technical If DMA If than
with EPSON RAW XP, and NT only) the RAW instead of the EMF the RAW and such as memory or Click OK to the and to the Then OK to the
and Transporting the The EPSON and to their This chapter the following Checking and cleaning the head Switching the the Cleaning the Transporting or the Uninstalling and software to the this chapter, the SelecType function to to those normally the software (as as other directly through the information, the Reference included the CD-ROM that with
and Transporting the You the the To the quality, instructions You the and yourself. Other to authorized EPSON service technician. Checking and the the of the amount of or the of and other You or the the Information The shows of the the amount of each the count, and the of Follow these to the of the following the instructions (You the or Press the SelecType the You PRINTER SETUP Press TEST PRINT then You NOZZLE CHECK Press STATUS CHECK then You PRINT Press The Press to the The amount of or the indicated as follows: E*****F (or E**** (or (or E*** (or E** nearly (or service E* (or service
You the and yourself. Other to authorized EPSON service technician. Each about Information To information instead of follow these Press the SelecType the You PRINTER SETUP Press PRINTER STATUS then You VERSION of the following: To the amount of INK LEFT then The of the first displayed, the E*****F below. to the of the To of the used, MAINT TANK then The of the displayed, using the E*****F below. To the of other SERVICE LIFE then The of the displayed, using the E*****F below. to the of the head, and cleaning The of the indicated with these E*****F (or E**** (or (or E*** (or E** nearly (or service near E* than of (or service life) Press to the and Transporting the
and Transporting the Cleaning If unexpectedly light or light or to cleaning This the head they properly. The cleaning should To whether cleaning necessary, first. You should cleaning the head to the cleaning There to cleaning the buttons, as below the Head Cleaning software, as the Follow these to of the following the instructions (You the or Press the SelecType the You PRINTER SETUP Press TEST PRINT then You NOZZLE CHECK Press PRINT then The
the that with the to the the printed, to or deflected Deflected ones, that should the head. the Each and straight should with the If from the as shown below, the head as the section. Cleaning the Head from the Follow these to the cleaning from the to the head cleaning, as of the lights the off. If light flashing or to the instead. instructions. Press the Cleaning and least seconds. The light flashes as the cleans its head. The cleaning about seconds and the light off, the to that the head clean. You to the cleaning to effective cleaning, and Transporting the
and Transporting the Performing Cleaning If to the head as cleaning. You should cleaning often than necessary, Press the SelecType the You PRINTER SETUP Press MAINTENANCE then You PWR CLEANING Press EXEC appears the then The the cleaning. turn off the or this If the the cleaning, the off and overnight, then the head the following morning. If EPSON
the BI-D them this UNI-D ALL then BI-D BLACK then BI-D ALL the BI-D BLACK (K1) the Head If appears or straight, to the head. Although the head the software, to this from the This the head and If already as This that the and the head correctly. Follow these to the head the the turned then that least inches EPSON (this the type of that with Press the SelecType the You PRINTER SETUP Press HEAD ALIGNMENT then You PAPER THKNS Press *STD appears the This the thickness EPSON Press Press the or to the UNI-D ALL BI-D BLACK or BI-D ALL then to the they the section the following the selected should three of If to only unidirectionally, to UNI-D ALL. If to bidirectionally, the UNI-D ALL first, then BI-D BLACK, then BI-D ALL. and Transporting the
and Transporting the the UNI-D ALL Follow these when the UNI-D ALL the of the the than of printed. the the of the that follow, to those to instead of the the or right. the the Notice that prompting to choose the the K2 this to of when
You least to the If the straightest each group, the head properly Press to the head early. or the that with the to which the straightest. this the (numbered the choice. the or to the of the straightest that the selection. Press to selection and to the of this to each of the other C, M, and Y. each the of the straightest then this to the of and to the head the BI-D BLACK Follow these when the BI-D BLACK the of the the than of printed. the the of the that follow, to those to instead of the the or right. and Transporting the the straightest to of when
and Transporting the You least to the If the straightest each group, the head already properly Press to the head early. the the Notice that it prompting to choose the the K1 this own or the that with the to which the straightest. this the the choice. the or to the of the straightest that the selection. Press to selection and to the of this to the and each the of the straightest then to the head the straightest
to the BI-D BLACK this the BI-D ALL Follow the below when the BI-D ALL IMPORTANT: K1 when prompted, or the of the the than of printed. the the of the that follow, to those to instead of the the or right. the the It shows K1 the K1. Press and with the following and Transporting the to of when
and Transporting the You least to the If the each group, the head already properly Press to the head early. The prompting to choose the the K2 this own or the that with the to which the least this the (numbered the choice. the or to the of the that the selection. Press to selection and to the of this to the C, M, and Y. each the of the then this to the of and IMPORTANT: K1 when prompted, or to the head the with the
TIP You to months. light light Cartridges should If of the the and then the without of Checking The to from the If UltraChrome the of or Light information switching of the lights flashing (and INK LOW displayed the the of the light and INK OUT displayed, the empty. You the and Transporting the empty)
and Transporting the You the EPSON Other and covered warranty. the first the as Photographic or UltraChrome If the Cartridges If that UltraChrome of and to switch to the with the type of as currently the following EPSON Photographic T545100 Light T545600 T545200 Light T545500 T545300 T545400 Cartridge T543100 T544100 Black** T543800 T544800 Light T543700 T544700 T543200 T544200 T543300 T544300 Light T543600 T544600 Light T543500 T544500 T543400 T544400 only. switching the type of as currently You their type the the information software or If incorrect the WRONG INK CARTRIDGE To EPSON or EPSON the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
the the ready to Warning the or If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with Cartridge the Then follow these to the of the whose light or flashing. This the to the cover. the to the the from the and Transporting the
and Transporting the If cant the smoothly, the the and If the light the the the and from its If using UltraChrome the the with the arrow the Then the the Dont force
If or other the the then to seated properly. Then head cleaning to the the to its If using the cover. If using to the Once the the to its READY (or LOAD PAPER isnt loaded). If the WRONG INK CARTRIDGE incorrect the currently or containing the type of (Photographic or UltraChrome). indicated light the and them with the and Transporting the
and the You purchase items from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Switching Black If EPSON UltraChrome switch to the the and type Black photographic types. photographic and jet-coated such as EPSON Black photographic or such as EPSON Enhanced Smooth and Textured and EPSON, when the highest of photographic Black or such as newsprint and bond, when photographic Generally, should switch to of the Since about to switch from to another and shouldnt switch often than necessary. Follow the the sections to switch to Switch Black switching the the that with the cartridge(s) to If or of should the following
To switch the that with This that to the to switch the cartridge(s) of the Black Black and Light Black Black Black and Light Black Black Black and Black this from the as as the ones, to there enough the the lights the If there enough or to the or to the If enough to the from should or switching numbers. and the If light or flashing, to the switching
and Transporting the If the to as The the to replaced, to that the the (showing If the (EPSON C12C890071). Selecting the Black Cartridges the as Once the from the off the finished switching Follow these to the and the which to the and READY the Press the SelecType You PRINTER SETUP Press MAINTENANCE then You PWR CLEANING Press BK INK CHANGE then You EXEC
The which the first and Light or You to both the to switch to. turn off the once the If the back You the the where interrupted. Press You SELECT INK SET Press or to the option the to switch Option Black MAT: LBK Black MAT: MAT Black PBK: LBK Press ENTER If the NOT ENOUGH INK the and or the lights the to which or empty.) the cartridge(s), then the The displays to release the and the the and the them instructed to to that them. and Transporting the
and the to from the when upright and of Checking the Once the to the If the from the of the and with If this to the section. the Once the that the ready Follow these the the indicated the or The indicated the flashing light. the The the Once the the and to the If both prompting to the the Once this, the repeats If this to the section.
TIP If about switching the the this Charging the the the switching to. Then follow these the the to the the switching to. the The charging the Once the charging the and READY the to the section to software. the Once switched to the software) that which Follow these the Chooser from the Apple Highlight the then highlight the as shown: the Chooser. This the and Transporting the
and Transporting the Click the software and the information displayed, as shown below. If the information manually. Click the then the and Option Information Select of the options shown below. Click OK to the software. This the information
You purchase items from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please to the hand, or the the If that isnt cleanly, the to replaced. If the to heavy or to often shouldnt to with the built-in You the of the or its the EPSON and C12C815241. Follow these to the that the and the front closed. Press the SelecType the You PRINTER SETUP Press MAINTENANCE then You PWR CLEANING Press CUTTER REPL then You EXEC Press The to the You the to the front cover. the cover to the and the
and Transporting the Warning The when the then turn the to the right. the to the the as shown.
to the hand, or the You purchase items from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please the while turning the to the the front cover. The to the and the to operation. the The that flushed from the head cleaning, or when the head or switch the the light the flashes. the completely the and the light You the CHANGE MAINTENANCE TANK the You the its the shown below. You its using the SelecType or the (showing from EPSON C12C890071). and the
and Transporting the to from the when it upright and of Follow these to the the or other operations READY or PAPER OUT should appear the the from the of the the
to the the To the as as the or thinners to the to the or Dont or Dont the the with the or servicer think the Cleaning the To its should the turned off and the lights the off. Then the and the from the the cover and the from the Then to or the cover and to or the cover. of to the Clean the shown below using Clean the Then or around the assembly using If the outer dirty, it with cloth with the closed to from If the the cover with off with cloth. To the the then with and and Transporting the
and Transporting the Transporting or the If the the building), its To the should the and Follow the instructions below to the the or years the Photographic or months the UltraChrome EPSON Transportation charge), which to the from the the following items on-hand the locking and screw or least the than half-used of the when arrives its If of these items EPSON the the Shipment Follow the below to the EPSON, as to Transportation You the to the from the shipped. Instructions with the Once the Turn off the and the to the the right) and the light off. Then the
Its to resealable the locking and screw that the or the the following and interface or other Optional Optional the lowered and the cover closed. Since the from the should If the mounted to from the First the and the touching the the wing and washers the to the the them and Transporting the
and the Warning The about and should people. The and should four people. the using the where the located near the rear the holding the while
the or the Transportation the to the first the that the first the the head cloggedespecially the hasnt turned You to cleaning and the head to quality. the the to the such as within the the its casters. Follow these the turned off and the the the right). If the back the to the then off the the and interface the covers closed. the the then the the ground. and Transporting the
and Transporting the Release the front and the the to its location. the and the Uninstalling and the Software If to and then the software reason, follow the instructions the section below. software CD-ROM. Then the CD-ROM to necessary. Double-click the Double-click the option Click the Click the On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall Then the Uninstall the and follow the on-screen instructions. If to software, Then follow the instructions to the software.
Double-click then the (On XP, Double-click Click EPSON Software the then Click the Change/Remove XP or and follow the on-screen instructions. If the USB or EPSON USB Devices the then the If to software, Then follow the instructions to the software. and Transporting the
and Transporting the
Chapter The first thing should the following the this chapter. Then the the fixed. This chapter instructions the following: the to the including clearing The EPSON and include of to To the the and lights the information. If the EPSON and (Macintosh) or software or To whether the caused the the from and from the instructions. If of the this chapter EPSON as Where To
Light Explanation INK LOW light(s) cartridge(s) flashing nearly INK OUT light(s) cartridge(s) the cartridge(s) indicated light(s). instructions. NOT ENOUGH light(s) Not enough INK to cleaning the head. NO INK light(s) cartridge(s) as indicated the lights. CARTRIDGE instructions. WRONG INK CARTRIDGE INVALID INK CARTRIDGE the to the The includes lights and to the of the or or appears the and the lights the or flash. The following the alphabetically and includes and instructions correcting the light(s) You to the If the first the that with the cartridge(s) indicated light(s). instructions. If the and You the Other
Light Explanation LOAD PAPER the light released the back) while LOAD ROLL PAPER LOAD SHEET PAPER PAPER JAM the light flashing the information. PAPER NOT CUT the manually, then the light flashing completely. from the as PAPER NOT and STRAIGHT light flashing the PAPER OUT loaded. light RELOAD PAPER light the SET PAPER LEVER light released the or another operation. light software from the from the off. or the and too the the the the as correctly. or the the to the the right and the the the and software. the straight and with the of the If the appears the the seconds. Then and the the that the straight and with the of the or the the to the from the
Light Explanation SET INK LEVER The the to the the FRONT COVER light the front cover. OPEN TURN PRINTER PWR OFF AND ON UNABLE TO You to while PRINT or the cover MAINTENANCE TANK ALMOST FULL CHANGE MAINTENANCE TANK NO MAINTENANCE TANK OPTION I/F interface Turn off the and the ERROR the that with the SERVICE REQ. lights occurred. the then the off flashing and back If the EPSON as MAINTENANCE the and EPSON as REQ. to (If the yourself. to its COMMAND ERROR the the This appears clear light flashing The lights The the flashing instructions. light The correctly. To clear the the to the to the off. about then turn the Press the to the off and back seconds the Press the to SelecType If the appears clear the the instructions.
Quality You often the following: and cleaning instructions. the head. instructions. options correctly. information, or If of these try the below. the lights to necessary, as If recently the and the to seated properly, then cleaning and cleaning instructions. the the software the If the Choose higher such as SuperPhoto or these the Thickness the If thin thats with reduce the Suction the to If created to the to STD when
the lights to necessary, as Colors incorrect or the the software the and cleaning instructions. the the software the If using the Choose higher such as SuperPhoto the High softwares Advanced the head, as You to or these oversaturated. reducing the and Suction. Thickness the If created to the to STD when If using the and cleaning the each of the If the too as the lights and supply as or software correct. If recently the and the to seated properly, then cleaning www.epson.com to ICC
(continued) or the each of the If the appears too as appears the the software the or smeared. the the software the and cleaning the lights and as The thickness the software or to choose the You to the with to the to STD The too the to the to STANDARD or to NARROW thin instructions. If to the thickness or software or to choose the with to the to STD the specifications or wasnt humidity-free If using the the path. the of the with clean cloth. cleaning instructions. the High softwares Advanced The too the to the to WIDE or WIDER instructions. and cleaning
The of The the the or the smeared. other the software the If to the thickness or software or to choose the with to the to STD If thick the incorrect. the to the to WIDE or WIDER. instructions.
The the turned and the light The unexpectedly. The sounds as nothing Nothing the Turn off the and the interface securely If cant the unexpectedly, or nothing the following: the securely outlet thats switch or the the matches the the rating If off the and the immediately. EPSON Turn off the then the AC cord. then the and the back If the light flashing, the or to the and lights the the light flashing. the and lights the to occurred. Follow the instructions the Follow the instructions to the head. the interface the specifications. or the interface directly connected to the without through switching or If using NT the EPSON Click to and EPSON then EPSON Uninstall Follow the the restarting and
Nothing The match the or Click to and Right-click the then Click the selected the using the following Then the to which connected the to the following incorrect or software correctly and the selected. characters. XP: Click then Double-click and Other then and Right-click the then Click the and selected. or NT Click to and Right-click the then Click the and selected. The enough memory (Macintosh). applications. To increase the memory Macintosh, from the Apple and the Memory You increase the of memory to increase memory. Follow the to software. Then software CD-ROM and the software (or the software www.epson.com). If what expected, the below: If NT the EPSON Click to and EPSON then EPSON Uninstall Follow the the Clear from (Macintosh) or Turn off the and the interface securely both the the updated firmware from www.epson.com).
incorrect the or they within the inverted. Turn off the software. or this instructions. printed. software correctly and the selected. the head as appears to Color/B&W selected software. only. The to The Follow the instructions to the or smears appear and the the feed Clean this with the software the incorrectly. Follow the instructions or sheets) to the The PAPER MARGIN the incorrect. If the PAPER MARGIN the SelecType the Reference the CD-ROM that with information. the software the the Source software correct. Press the the to feeding Then and the to the and clear the If the to or instead of The too thick to with the built-in the with or the optional the light the Press the Source necessary, and then the Cut/Eject
too High the Advanced of software. Choose software Clear or Dont too the Turn off memory. RAM to If off background If to background EPSON and increase its memory If and ECP or and/or DMA them to and information. Follow these when or scratching the coating. the the or the and Source the software correct. the the or information. If using EPSON the to its thickness and
the and properly. the If feed or frequently, or of the following the with the of the the back to the information. the that correctly. Follow the instructions follow the instructions to the correctly. the or the within the and the too thick or too thin. and specifications. the the isnt located brightly The correctly. If too tightly and feed of the the shown below to straight the and three the
If the front of the the they the front of the If the below the the that they the If and properly without the to them them to them). This from
To the the while the or light flashing. Clearing the and PAPER JAM the Follow these to clear If the cover and hand slightly the insertion back the to release the the front cover necessary.
the to the head, the the Once the the TURN PRINTER PWR OFF AND ON the the front cover, necessary, then the to the off. seconds, then to the back the light and LOAD PAPER displayed the Then
A: Specifications Additional the Reference included the CD-ROM that with EPSON UltraChrome or EPSON Photographic and heads: light light hour B0 head head cleaner, assembly) Approximately B0+ (EPSON to thick); B0+ sheets Bidirectional EPSON ESC/P Photographic milliseconds 1/6-inch inch or 1/1440-inch RAM 32MB 64MB UltraChrome switchable three Black Black Black years based
Specifications to to to C) to C) month F) Humidity (without and Height inches inches inches inches inches inches without with to V) or to V) Rated to to Rated (ISO or the the back of information. to RH to RH to RH (ISO or A-182 Transit to to C) hours F)
Interfaces USB and (IEEE-1284 ECP of these options: Ethernet network T) IEEE UL CSA FDA EMC FCC B, B, CSA C108.8 inches or to and software to both and 3-inch inches (2-inch or inches (3-inch reduce and or other If switch to higher of curled, or A-183 Specifications
Specifications information without www.epson.com. Support, Select then Product Printable and sheets inches top and and inches right and the software, the or the and right to these widths: and inches and inches A-184 sheets
Cartridges Lightfastness* Photographic Color: to years EPSON Black and white: Not rated UltraChrome Color: to years Black and white: years Cartridge Photographic years from UltraChrome years from within months F C) to F to C); month F to F to C); month F to F to C); month F, hours F F C); thaws and least hours F C) Capacity UltraChrome from Research, Inc. the of UltraChrome the EPSON and rated to years EPSON the of and white UltraChrome using the rated as than years EPSON based testing of to light intensity, humidity, and atmospheric EPSON longevity of life, or or properly them. www.wilhelm-research.com the information. A-185 Specifications
Specifications A-186