thickness assembly assembly plate Cartridges Cartridge Black T003011 T005011 right output Specifications each 256KB Bidirectional with ESC/P2 and graphics EPSON and IBM X24E Character and graphics character Character international character and character Mechanical Friction with sheets of Width: inches Depth: inches inches Width: inches Depth: inches inches without the Specification to to Rated to to Rated (ISO/IEC Also IT with Phase to Phase EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR
EPSON COLOR Cartridges Black (T003011) (T005011) Color(s) Black and yellow capacity* (A4, ISO/IEC coverage Cartridge years from and to within months F C) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) The capacity often the head and the The thaws and hours F C). To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. the the to F to C) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) hours F C) Humidity (without to RH to RH UL with D3, CSA C22.2 EMC FCC EPSON COLOR (A4, coverage (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) Interfaces interface Specification IEEE-1284 Synchronization STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector Amphenol or IEEE-1284 Amphenol or Synchronization to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 USB interface Specification Based Specifications Revision Class Definition Devices NRZI USB
type Thickness inches) A4 A5 B5 inches) inches) inches) and inches) A4 A6 only) inches inches) A4 inches, inches) A4 distributed EPSON inches) distributed Heavyweight A4 EPSON A6 with or distributed EPSON sheets and iron-on cool inches DL inches C6 inches inches Cards A6 and inches distributed EPSON this and its when with this Notes: only these to F to C) Humidity: to RH and sheets these to F to C) Humidity: to RH Since the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or or A4 inches; Iron-on Cool only) and distributed EPSON and distributed EPSON distributed EPSON sheets and Iron-on Cool distributed EPSON bond, or to inch to to to EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR to inch to to to
EPSON COLOR Printable and BR BL C1 The top inch sheets of EPSON Quality the top inches BL The inch BR The right inch and inches inch DL inch other and C6 C1 The inch the C2 The to inch the the the expanded reduced. the first first. EPSON COLOR BL BR C1 C2 EPSON S041060 A4 inches) S041059 EPSON High Quality S041111 A4 inches) S041117 EPSON Quality A4 inches) EPSON Quality A6 inches) S041054 Cards EPSON inches A4 inches) inches) EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality A4 inches) A6 inches) EPSON S041064 A4 inches) S041063 EPSON Quality A4 inches) S041106 EPSON Iron-On Cool sheets) EPSON Quality S041124 A4 inches) S041126 EPSON S041257 Heavyweight EPSON S041286 A4 inches) S041285 EPSON to with this and its when with this A6 inches) A6 inches) S041153/ S041155 S041062 S041061 S041067 S041134 S041141 S041140 S041145 S041144-KIT S041144 S041072 S041071 S041107
The four lights the and to light light light cleaning The light when the ready to It flashes when the or cleaning the head). flashes the light flashes, Press the to to clear the If that off the and the the of the curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the to the Then the the light or incorrectly loaded. of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the to the Press the to or light flashes, supply or light the instructions. If the and flash, and the and lights of the head. Turn off the seconds, and back If off the the and If the lights or or EPSON. and the lights flash, internal the as the Then off the seconds, and If the lights or or EPSON. the lights off, the off these the turned Turn off the the securely, and turn the the and switch or light and lights and the Cartridge the First the grounded Dont outlet switch or or that the as This the which the memory or its supply. the and the cover. Press the light flashes, the lights and the slightly to the the to the or off. switch, such as the from their Then off the of the the top of each It of the yellow the Dont off the You the yellow from the top of the or permanently Dont the from the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR to the The and the
EPSON COLOR the its with the facing and the back of the Then the cleaning to the the Press the If the head to the the cleaning three seconds the head to the and to the cleaning to charging the and then the cover. Press the light flashes, and the sounds finished. Dont off the or the charging or and than necessary. Charging when the Charging about The light flashing and off the when the light the hasnt or than EPSON COLOR Testing the You to whether the from the or other Follow these to the both the and off. Disconnect the interface from the the thats least inches This from the and then and release the the holding the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and and yellow. the shown below. To the off the the Then the interface and and If the the software the interface or or software correctly. If the correctly, with First cleaning the head Then try the and the or Troubleshooting the EPSON COLOR Reference
Whether or to the the software, as shown the following this EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Quality Quality EPSON EPSON the option to itespecially includes the appear correctly when EPSON to with this and its when with this Loading and Dont cleaning sheets included with they the The type of or other of the factors the of printed The following the type of or other sheets the edges, and the to the (whiter or of the the Then this software... to the arrow the to the and If the protective the of to the protective cover the of with these within of purchase. and within months. sheets and to their as as information. the thickness to the when or smears when other thick the cover and the as shown below. Then the cover and the to the and thick to the thickness to the EPSON and Quality EPSON Quality to cards. the Cards included the cards. EPSON Quality One or of the top of the to inches. or of the EPSON to of the of EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR to the arrow the
EPSON COLOR EPSON Quality and Iron-On Cool EPSON One EPSON to sheets. the of EPSON to sheets. Heavyweight the of Heavyweight. EPSON One Dont that EPSON to with this and its when with this Both of the This section includes instructions inofrmation about to Reference Follow these to both of the or another You to of Select the EPSON COLOR appears, the and choose Double-Sided Macintosh: Select Then the Click OK to Click OK Macintosh: Select then the The the with of the printed, to the the that and, without the of the the the the top first. Click the The the EPSON COLOR One If that than to it three sections of and sheets of If with of of the first sections and of the section. That appear the of Removing light flashes, Press the the to to clear the If that off the and the the to Dont the the of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Turn the and the to Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to You empty. the To the of the graphic the or the the or the EPSON (Macintosh). these EPSON within months of them and the the Black T003011 T005011 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or the EPSON (U.S. only). the EPSON www.epson.com (U.S. only). please If to the lights the too the instructions Outdated Cartridge
Removing and Cartridges light flashing or (If these when both lights off, the cleans the heads as You when the Follow these to when its light the turned and then the cover. cleaning and about three seconds the head and the Press the light flashing. The head to the or which empty. To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant the from its the of the top as shown to the right. Dont off the or to the clear the You the yellow from the top of the or permanently the clear from the of the the The from its the of the and of or the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the its with the facing and the back of the Press the If to the other through with cleaning and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes, and the sounds. Charging about finished, the The light flashing and light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the Outdated Cartridge If than months to You that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or both or Follow these to the light flashing or the turned and then the cover. and three seconds the head to the to the and the Press the light flashing. EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR
EPSON COLOR If to the the the head to the If the head to the instead of the try holding the three seconds the head to the then the to the head to the To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant the from its only the of the top, as shown below. Dont off the or to the clear the You the yellow from the top of the or permanently the clear from the of the the The from its the of the and of If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with EPSON COLOR the yellow the its with the facing and the back of the Press the The head to the If to the through Then with Press the and the cover. Press the The the head and charging the The light flashes and the sounds. light flashing and Charging about finished, the light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head clean only You the head of the following the Head Cleaning software (when the connected to the buttons finished cleaning the head. If that with cleaning the cleaning with the
the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning the turned and both the and Access the Click the or the On the the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to the and the cleaning the the and or Confirmation (Macintosh). Then Next The the If the completely, If the Clean to the head If cleaning or three the and the or Troubleshooting the EPSON COLOR Reference the Follow these to clean the head: the turned and both the and cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the Press the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to the and the cleaning the If connected directly to the to If DOS or and containing and Then to lights off. light flashes. lights off. light flashes. and the Click the or the You the the the and Next The the the If the completely, If the Clean to the head If cleaning or three the and the or Troubleshooting the EPSON COLOR Reference the the It should something this: Each and straight should with the If If there the as shown below, the head instructions. EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR
EPSON COLOR the Head If to the head. To the Head the connected to You cant to the If DOS or to the follow the instructions the Head the instead. Follow these the turned and loaded. thats least inches This from the and the EPSON the whenever the head Access the Click the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to and the You to and than once to head correctly. the Head the If cant the head that with follow these to the head. that or the While holding the to the Then release both buttons. EPSON COLOR cleaning the light flashes about three seconds. While the The The of instructions English, Spanish, and explaining to the heads. Follow these instructions. If the light flashing, the If this off the and and the head, off the to head Cleaning the To its should Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the and or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the Transporting the If to its Follow these To the when the to the the its location. Turn the and the head the right Then off the the from the Then the from the isnt while the
from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the the and the using the protective that with the to the as If the the head the head Related TM-SC980 EPSON COLOR Service PL-SC980 EPSON COLOR CPD-10632 EPSON COLOR CPD-10633 EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR Reference (HTML to such as Microsoft or or or EPSON COLOR SM the software CD- ROM that the to and clean the head using both software and buttons, and both of the EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR