sp820basicsTOC.fm July AM rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Concerning of Copyrighted and photocopiers, and copying and reprinting of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as broad as people EPSON each to and of the copyright when and EPSON, EPSON EPSON and MicroWeave and PRINT Matching of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON EPSON PhotoCenter, EPSON SoundAdvice, and EPSON service and Performance ColorLife, EPSON Software, and PhotoEnhance of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Printed Copyright America, Inc. CPD-14379 Copyright Notice
EPSON that these features: that photographs, as as of types. achieves highlights, and of that the of Ground-breaking Performance (RPM) the and of of photo and performance, with of EPSON and
PRINT Matching and EPSON these to the photo PRINT About PRINT Matching revolutionary PRINT Matching (P.I.M.) and together to the that PRINT include EPSON, Olympus, Ricoh, and with or www.printimagematching.com to PRINT Matching included with With PRINT the options each These options sharpness, and and reduction highlight and The this information each with software, such as EPSON Software Factory, the P.I.M. Photoshop, or ArcSoft PhotoImpression (included with printer)uses the information to the reproduction. include PRINT EPSON without the
About The (Exchangeable includes information about JPEG and them to information such as flash, and and the JPEG with EPSON Software Factory or ArcSoft the information to the reproduction. About Software The CD-ROM that with includes the software the instructions. and You cant without Its to free to Download instructions software includes these EPSON Software Factory that and flash. Supports PRINT and with OS X). P.I.M. Photoshop PRINT when JPEG from (Compatible with Photoshop and Photoshop ArcSoft PhotoImpression easy-to-use that or to with clicks. Supports PRINT Matching and with OS X). Welcome!
EPSON Information on-screen to information about It includes EPSON animated and other It includes on-screen Reference information about (The OS EPSON PhotoCenter free photo-sharing where and high-resolution straight from the and free with software to the EPSON PhotoCenter About To and its software, the This information, warranty, and instructions the EPSON Information with or the basic Please follow these throughout: to injury. to to Notes information about hints about EPSON Information SM
the EPSON Information or cleaning the head? the EPSON Information (EPIC) to that EPIC includes on-screen Reference with Follow the instructions the to the EPSON Information already. You browsersuch as Microsoft or or or laterto the If the correctly. the Double-click the EPSON Information (The OS Click Click the topic, then the title of the to watch. the to replay or Click to Click topic, then title the
the Double-click the EPSON Information Click Reference You this Click to the of Click topic the to the of Click the topic to Click right arrows to then topic. Click arrows to Closed to Click to to topic If graphic when Reference the to the graphic.
From to Follow the instructions these sections to features: Loading Macintosh Selecting the Correct PRINT the right the and EPSON and EPSON Choose the right the the and the loaded. the type of and selected.
Loading the to the of the right of the the Press the locking the and to lightly the the Follow these when the first, when landscape-oriented the Its usually whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the the instructions of Select the EPSON Information From to
Loading to first and each or the the right of the sheet beneath the Press the locking the and the choose the as the or OS to or OS X) instructions. with the From to
software follow these to the basic From the You this EPSON selected. Click the or Preferences (If or Then or Preferences the From to Click to software
Select the following the type Select Select or Click OK information about the or You to the Click OK or to this appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You Select the type of rough with reduced Text text-only with Text with text and with higher and graphics with and or graphics with high Click to Click to or From to
Selecting the You apply only to the currently If the Right-click the the right of Select You the shown Select the then OK You the necessary. software follow the of these sections to the OS to the section. OS with OS to selected the Chooser as the From the Select the following Click OK to the From to SP820 Select Select the of or
From the Select the following information about the You the following: Click to or Click to background and Click then to Click to Click If turned background EPSON from the Application the right of the You the EPSON Select then to If background and to the and the Select type Select and and white photographs) or Black Select Select Quality or From to Click to
with OS If OS follow the below to (If using thats only with follow the instead.) to as the From the the following as necessary: finished, OK Select from the You this: Select from the From to Select SP820 from the Format Select the and other to Click and
Select the following as necessary: information about The OS of the with the OS to this You choose other selecting these options the pull-down to the of or to options to as PDF to ColorSync, the the or off the software Summary to of selections Custom to selections Click type Select and and white photographs) or Black text Select Quality or From to
To the of the when appears the the of You this: the of or of the following: the then to the the then to and to listed, then the Priority arrow as to the finished, From to
You advanced higher or selecting of and On the the Advanced the right of the The to the Advanced Select the following advanced as necessary: Select Quality options as Click to RPM the and Select as Click to Black Select To choose ICM first Once finished selecting Click OK to to the and Click the to to the Click the and with to From to
information about advanced or instructions them as them the or If to the Advanced each the this first checkbox. Select the following as necessary: Select or options Select or options these only to information the or Click OK to to the and From to Select options and To sheets to
On the Custom then the Custom to OS information (OS X) or (OS to If finished selecting to To to To advanced Custom then Advanced (OS to or Advanced (OS X). OS to Click Custom then choose: (to or ColorSync (to match with from the Custom Click Custom then choose: (to or ColorSync (to match with from the Custom From to
Select these as necessary: Click to RPM the Select options Select Click to RPM the and options To from the pull-down information or instructions them as them (OS X) or (OS to OS to Click OK to then OS Click From to OS through OS
Selecting the Correct Select the or what of and the accordingly. this sheets or EPSON Bright White EPSON Iron-On EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Heavyweight EPSON Double-Sided EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Cards EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Select this or Quality Heavyweight or Quality From to
You with the the to the of the Although the or without trimming. (Not with OS X.) the following and EPSON or (with or without perforated Cards (with perforated edges) Heavyweight Heavyweight instructions such as 6-inch the EPSON Information and choose Follow these to and Access the or OS to Select or as the Quality Select type as the or the From to or or
Click the then as the Click OK Then Click the Margins checkbox, then as the Select or as the Click OK Click OK or Click then From to
PRINT With PRINT Matching, instructions might include commands sharpness and clarity, while might focusing and tones. If PRINT this when with: Factory, as below, or P.I.M. Photoshop, as or ArcSoft PhotoImpression the that with the instructions). Factory If PRINT or Print, these when with Factory to the reproduction with OS X). with P.I.M. isnt complicated, and the corrections right from P.I.M. to them yourself. the PRINT Matching checked. You Factory to and and From to
Factory Follow these to P.I.M. with Factory: Factory. You the Factory Click to or existing PRINT If with Factory, it from the or the on-screen Started that with Factory. Select of or the and New If with that PRINT the P.I.M. appears thumbnails. Right-click or Ctrl (Macintosh) photo to information about the P.I.M. and/or the (If retouched PRINT Matching photo, the P.I.M. appear.) Click the to or the the top of the to the Then to From to
To Factory, the then: Click From to photo from Click From to from or CD-ROM. Click From PC Card to from PC Click From to photo from or If already selected, the software If and or (Not to OS X.) Click the to option. the Prints You each to follow, as shown. Click to or photo, necessary. You and and P.I.M. or with photo. other such as and P.I.M. or To P.I.M. or photo of the Then to ready to with the the section. From to
ready to the Assignment You this Click to the with Select and OS to Select these options the the of the this selected Select or Margins) OS Click the Select the Format the and OK with Factory OS X.) If to the with photo, the From to Select Select
Click the the of the You options: Select the of to these the using P.I.M. and/or If right the preview, the to (Click the Select the of to the PRINT and/or the when containing P.I.M. and/or (Not to OS X.) Click the the top of the printed. OS to You the printed. OS You the Select from the pull-down Then and other as necessary, and resealable or glass-covered and from high humidity, and sunlight. to its From to
the P.I.M. Photoshop The P.I.M. Photoshop allows to the P.I.M. when JPEG from The P.I.M. with Photoshop and Photoshop to the ICC that with the or the Photoshop the PRINT information the header when P.I.M. Instead, that information the and EPSON RGB This the P.I.M. and You with layers, with and selective to the P.I.M. while P.I.M. from (such as Contrast, Color, Also, to Photoshop another software as P.I.M. You to to of P.I.M. information other To the P.I.M. OS X, the software CD-ROM, and the P.I.M. to the Photoshop Macintosh. P.I.M. If Photoshop P.I.M. Select from the then and OK the and PRINT Matching You this: Select the P.I.M. JPEG Macintosh, P.I.M. appear.) Select the P.I.M. to From to
To of the selected P.I.M. the PRINT Click the and the the If this the and OK Select and P.I.M. or to the PRINT (If the to the consecutively Follow the the section to P.I.M. To the P.I.M. header information intact other the the Photoshop command. to the It P.I.M. header information, P.I.M. as as the with the ICC If overwrite P.I.M. header information. P.I.M. P.I.M. converted the EPSON RGB To P.I.M. and the The the sections below the the the then: Photoshop or Select More Photoshop Select You the shown the From to
Photoshop Photoshop the Source the EPSON RGB option selected. the the SP820 the as the Photoshop or Click You the Photoshop to then and or Preferences to these Select or Select the as the or (Macintosh) Click the Advanced The to the Advanced to Custom then the Advanced You the Advanced OS Click the Advanced You the Advanced options. Select the and this selected From to
Select ICM then and OK to Select and OK OS Select from the then clicking OK or to photo. From to OS to
Follow the instructions this chapter to its and necessary. Cleaning the Head below Cartridge the Head Cleaning the the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or or to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning it only This section to the head the Head Cleaning when the connected directly to the three seconds (when the You clean the head holding the information about cleaning the head, the EPSON Information the least once month to light off).
the Head Cleaning light off. (If the light flashing or to the the turned and the Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning OS to Choose or Click the then the Head Cleaning OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP820 the OK and Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, the and Then The the section the If the or If the white Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the You turn the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head light flashes.
the the Each should with or as shown: If If white or (as shown), the head instructions. Cartridge light flashes, (You This to the the light to of the than months to it their If the cleaning and the head, the the The light or to Checking the To supply, of the following: Double-click the the right of If this: right-click the and to Click to and light off.
OS to Choose Click the OS Choose Applications EPSON SP820 You this: Click to information about the Purchasing Cartridges these EPSON within months of them and the the To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridge Precautions Warning: of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with To the the head hand. You empty. the the obtained the the head Black T026201 T027201 T026 or T027.) SM
Removing and Cartridges Once the light should flashing). Then the cover. the turned (the The head to the and the Press the light to or The If flashes the as the light, the If flashes as as the If both The the right and the the the The from its the of the and of the Then only the yellow top. You the from the top of the or permanently Dont the the back of the and light flashes. light, the the boards
the the the the back. Dont the the the when Press the If to the other through with button and the cover. The charging the Press the light flashes and the Charging about finished, the The light flashing and and the light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the light
the Head If or white or to the head. connected directly to to the Head Turn the Right-click the the right of and Head OS to Choose or Click the then the Head OS the Applications and EPSON Select SP820 the OK and Head Follow the instructions the to You this On the the with the precisely top of each other. You to or Select each and Then the of the each the boxes the Then If cant to another then this
Cleaning the To its should Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the then to or from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Clean the shown Warning: Dont the the to the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the Dont the Clean
Transporting the If to its or Follow these To the when the Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the from the and the the cover. If the the the and to the If the the to the Then the cover. to the and the its location. the and the the and its the the protective that with them. the as the the the head and If quality, the head the head the to the
to what the of Then these sections and Software Quality Uninstalling and Software Where To Its to to Download instructions cover and light light
the lights below) or Lights Explanation light The flashes charging or cleaning the head. light or You light One of the flashes To which the as light off and light light and light and If then the to to the If that off the the cover, and the including torn Then the and the If first the If to of of the head. Turn off the the cover, and or other Then turn the If the lights or EPSON; information. The internal Turn off the seconds, and If the lights flashing, or EPSON; information. light One of incorrectly. Follow the to and then them. light
You to whether from the or other Turn off and the interface the then and release the the holding the the light flashes, then release The showing its ROM and (If the the head; If the the software interface or or software correctly. If the with the and If nothing or EPSON as Turn off the the interface then and
and and Software The the charge its head finished (the light flashing) off the or the the completely and the Turn off the then back to clear the the software. Turn and its securely connected both Follow the the and the other including and protectors, and If the SP820 appear the Chooser, too items the Chooser. items. If with software If or XP with USB from the USB correctly. the USB properly If on-screen Reference instructions selected as the the
light nothing the the interface securely both and the as If the software correctly. If to as on-screen Reference The sounds as though nothing The head cleaning; instructions. The properly or when it or awhile. too the If high-resolution than the You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the these Select as the Quality or the Quality/Speed to the Advanced MicroWeave off only) and turn High If connected to USB USB If using the ECP/DMA or the instructions.
Quality You (light Clean the head; instructions. Select higher and off High or (Macintosh) Select the or (Macintosh) the of the Its usually whiter or The replacing. To them, only); (OS to or (OS X). the head as or smeared. isnt or curled, or (the should sheet with or the specifications the Reference EPSON and absorption of EPSON the head as
or Clean the head; instructions. The or Select the or isnt dirty, or If EPSON higher or higher Quality or Quality (Macintosh; the head; instructions. Increase the or software You or Black off or selected when and white photographs. Clean the head; instructions. The or turning off PhotoEnhance. that only); (OS to or (OS X). the or (Macintosh). exactly match on-screen However, such as ICM or ColorSync 19)to as as
correctly or the If feed, from the the of the sheets, them the right (beneath the then the to lightly the If the to clear the If necessary, the cover and or torn and the or If the the Press the to the then the If when the or too thin. The inverted, as Turn off or (Macintosh) the software, or the (If EPSON Iron-On the should inverted.) The selected the or the Chooser or Clean the head; instructions. You incorrect characters. the interface securely connected both and the selected the or the Chooser or If using switch or USB with the directly to instead.
The incorrect. the OS to or OS X). Choose the The within the of the Specifications on-screen Reference to the right of the and the the other Dont the arrow the or incorrect. and options correctly. Too that the option software or
Uninstalling and Software You to and then and operating You to other software or the EPSON Information Click and or to or EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall the EPSON selected and OK Then follow the on-screen then the or to software. OS to software CD-ROM. Double-click EPSON then EPSON the that The appears. Click On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall Then the Uninstall the and follow the instructions. then the or to software.
OS the Applications then the Select SP820 and the button. Macintosh, then to software. Where To If with Factory, or the P.I.M. Photoshop, the information below. the information with the other photo software that CD-ROM. EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services below: Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services To to technical U.S.: AM to PM Monday through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. of services hours To these services, tone telephone and EPSON SoundAdvice this to the EPSON SoundAdvice. SM
please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Product (located the back of the and its of purchase (such as and of purchase and operating of the You purchase and from the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please If with ArcSoft PhotoImpression, this information: www.arcsoft.com/techmain.htm Telephone: AM to PM through
Software software, follow the the to and to If XP, or or OS to follow the software instructions the If of the operating below, follow the instructions this chapter to software: Software OS X below Software Software Software OS software OS then OS and software OS to OS X. the EPSON CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD-ROM to Select EPSON Then SP820 the that Select SP820
If this Click the then and OK Click then and to the to the installation. Select the OS or and the Follow the on-screen instructions to the and to Factory OS and follow the on-screen instructions. Select to ArcSoft PhotoImpression and follow the instructions. Select to the EPSON Information and follow the on-screen instructions. the OS Applications then the and Software Click the
If this If SP820 already appears the to At the Select EPSON USB SP820 then appears the and OS or Follow the instructions the section to the OS and optional software applications. (You to and Software OS Turn connected and turned the EPSON CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD-ROM to Select EPSON necessary. Then EPSON the that Software
Read and to the to the Click and follow the on-screen instructions to the and with EPSON as instructed. the Chooser the Apple Select SP820 then USB and background the Chooser. Select EPSON the You the Click Optional Software and the software to from the Follow the on-screen instructions, then to the Click and to the EPSON Information It includes helpful animations and finished, and the CD-ROM. the CD-ROM to software ready to Software
Software connected to and as the Turn to and this: Dont the If this appear, turned and connected. the EPSON CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD-ROM to Click Next the New Click the Search option, then Next Click CD-ROM then Next At the Next Software
automatically. At the New and to the to the installation. At the to (If the correctly, Select Optional Software Select the software from the and follow the on-screen instructions. Select and and follow the on-screen instructions. Click with EPSON, and ready to Software connected to and turned as the Turn If New the EPSON CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD EPSON and and to the to the Software
At the and follow the on-screen instructions. to the Optional Software Select the software from the and follow the on-screen instructions. to the and and follow the on-screen instructions. Click with EPSON, and ready to Software
Software
and Notices To and its software, should Microsoft PC with or or or or 2000/XP) Microsoft or XP At least 16MB of RAM 32MB or 64MB 2000/XP) 50MB of (100MB or recommended) VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD the software USB or XP with Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to with D-SUB, and the To and its software, should Apple G3 or G4, or OS through OS or higher OS or recommended) At least 16MB of RAM (48MB recommended) At least 50MB of (100MB recommended) VGA or CD-ROM or DVD the software shielded USB AB
Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the and from of interference, such as or telephone locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the the or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the Dont switch off the or the the the off using the or the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. and Notices light off.
Cartridge Instructions of the reach of children and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with hand the or the the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of first them. cool, from allow to least three hours this the or to them. This the head. the IC the of the This and If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the the head the right and the the to the to the NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused and Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 and Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: B163A and Notices
Inc. Warranty What America, Inc. warrants to the first purchaser that the EPSON covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the and from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and option, another of and quality. of the the of the covered products and the warranty of the covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not Cover This warranty covers only the United States and This warranty and apply to products purchased from This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the EPSON caused and manufactured, distributed or EPSON. This warranty cover ribbons, or third or to the EPSON its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. and Notices SM
THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to America, Inc. P. O. CA and Notices
and Notices
EPSON and Cartridges EPSON and to the that earned of their awards! EPSON specially coated to with EPSON about of and EPSON ideas: and of Perfect of snapshots, art, and Water-resistant with high that and Perfect photographic and of such as and recommended this type. EPSON Cartridges the back cover of EPSON and and information. with smooth finish. professional that and photographs. EPSON Black T026201 T027201 information other EPSON products and ideas, the EPSON www.printlabseries.com SM
To EPSON and To EPSON and other or the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please EPSON EPSON Bright White inches) S041586 EPSON Quality inches) S041062 EPSON Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 EPSON or EPSON inches, non-perforated, S041458 EPSON inches) S041654 EPSON inches) S041500 EPSON Double-Sided inches) S041568 EPSON Heavyweight inches) S041257 EPSON inches) S041286/S041667 EPSON inches) S041331 EPSON inches) S041405 EPSON inches) S041064 EPSON Quality A4 inches) S041106 EPSON Iron-On inches) S041153/S041155 EPSON Card inches); perforated S041606 EPSON A6 inches) S041144-KIT EPSON A6 inches) S041144 of location. or instructions to the or EPSON Cartridges T026201 Color: T027201 A4 inches) S041061 inches) S041067 inches, with perforated S041134/S041671 inches) S041141/S041272/ S041271/S041649 inches) S041145 inches, S041467 inches, S041682 inches, S041464 inches, S041465