them the and and ready to as and whenever and wherever memory light and easy-to-use, TM from as they Charm them to Then To them memory choose and the the and back and Since them back With the Introduction to Photography to them from to Clear the Memory Card follow the shown The and the right.
the to and right from If PictBridge If to or other without battery. outlets, the optional to the to From and with becomes with these features: using the optional Bluetooth wirelessly to or If Bluetooth Format), which to while the to the memory If DPOF OK and
everything to photo and photo The or from that You wherever Where to and these with (without and the first memory from to Supported JPEG only Supported T5846 The following T5845-M and sheets) and and from other directly from memory from to the and to and Where to Information from authorized To www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca You and other purchase the 800-GO-EPSON shortcut to the The instructions using (A from the CD.)
Stop or the of displayed Turn or off through options and optional
and the with to: memory memory (below) to Press the of the to the to the back. Then the top cover. Memory Card
TM and SDHC TM and and TM Memory TM Memory TM Memory Memory PRO (High Capacity) SD TM TM Memory Memory Stick** TM Memory PRO-HG TM Memory PRO Memory light Top the the the the memory light and to flash. shown the right. the memory the as On Press the to turn cant once. 128MB CompactFlash and II) TM while the memory light flashing; ready to choose and
Dont this the to the back. Then the top cover and the Loading while the memory light flashing; Top the and release then straight of the ready to memory first the memory light flashing. Memory Card Press the of the to Then the to and release the release and straight of the
or whiter to of sheets information. the and to curling. Choosing of the outward. them and them If memory or of Select the from which to that the memory or OK The than and memory with the or whiter the the the slightly. of to sheets of and the slightly them. or whiter to then OK Press or to the from which ready to and to
easy to the to the that displays the memory (shown right). You the of the or lowering the top of the to the closing the Choose and of of this to options of sheets to to then the Format), to the and If DPOF selected the You and choose from the following options them: of memory the the To and To slideshow of
You the the indicating that printed: with or without with to switch of or Press the them of You the to and If memory than information. Responding to Screen photo and OK to to To or to necessary. To than to increase the of or to Then OK instructions. If to the or If the about to Press the On to back You the to the to To memory or to OK to
Press or to choose Select then OK Press or to choose Select then OK Follow the on-screen instructions. of Press of sheets The shows the of sheets, and other chosen, You the memory and the of to of each Press or to selected If Stop/Clear the enough loaded, then to You the of the information about
of memory this You If to the Press or to choose Select then OK Press or to choose Select then OK Press or to highlight Select then OK to increase the of or to If than of each To Press or to highlight Select then OK You the following: Press or to selected If Stop/Clear button. the If than to while of sheets and OK to If to that Stop/Clear enough loaded, then to If to the or instructions. Press or to highlight the then to appears the the selected You
enough loaded, then You the memory Press or to highlight then OK Slideshow of The the selected appear the Follow the to the of each, and selecting the OK Press or to the selected Press or to then OK the slideshow Stop/Clear To the If to OK to to Then preview, and the memory as continuously Format), to which and If DPOF to with DPOF, then memory to choose reads and displays Camera-Selected DPOF If to from the instructions. Select then OK
of the to fading. high humidity, and bright light. to curling, and from to the To as as them or photo Unused and Follow these to they To scratches or the of the photo. and Caring the to as the this the than To they completely hours
You learn to or memory cards, or Press or to highlight then OK Press from that too light or Choose from of the More With Press or to highlight or then OK Press or to highlight the topic with. Then OK to the or the amount of and The this section or the they the that black-and-white or text
At the photo selection OK to the This of to off. You expanded and around the the amount of and without instructions. the Press or to highlight then OK without If to with white or the of the to the Choosing of and of another, of and of B. Then choose as the other then to Press or to To or or Press or to highlight the then OK You these choices: Press or to then OK Wallet to If the correct,
Press or to highlight Advanced then OK Press or to highlight Red-Eye then OK Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight On then OK Press You of the memory Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK and sharpness. It that too and increases The which selected too light, or the and the of without using Fixing appear to You Red-Eye to of people, they this Press or to highlight (to clear previous then OK to If selected the selected printed. to Press Reducing Red-Eye the If PRINT (P.I.M.) or Print, the P.I.M. You the following of People, Landscape, or Night Red-Eye and when this with the
If Photo, of Press or to highlight then OK These They Press or to highlight then OK Press or to of the following Press or to highlight the then OK If of Photo: This and increases and sharpness. bright, or (This the It that too too Prints as or P.I.M. or Select this the include P.I.M. (PRINT Matching or that P.I.M.: This information The to the Press OK to apply the selected
Black-and-White or You black-and-white or tone old-fashioned when the originals You apply the to or currently selected If off around the the amount of and expanded and cropped. Press or to highlight then OK Press Press or to highlight then OK Select or to black-and-white or Press or to highlight then OK You this Press Press or to highlight Advanced then OK If white the of with the to and or Press or to and reduce the amount of Then OK the warning and OK Press or to highlight then OK You or
Press or to or then OK You the photo. If allows to text to the with the This only. Text Press or to highlight Advanced then OK Select the that text Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight Text then OK Highlight On then OK Press the selected. information.
USB to EXT. I/F the back of and the Bluetooth-enabled optional Bluetooth PictBridge-enabled (this From to and instructions.) PictBridge to and the You that to PictBridge. included with to there memory From finished, memory You memory or the from the from Turn
EXT. I/F the the the back of Bluetooth The C12C824383) from You wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled PDA, or when the optional or Wirelessly From Bluetooth within about of to with that Bluetooth wireless technology. Although with the Bluetooth the or the Bluetooth while this while with or to malfunction.
then the of its Disconnecting the Follow the Double-click Bluetooth on-screen to choose and with Bluetooth with Bluetooth the included directly to Select the to from Bluetooth and to or the Bluetooth while this to while with or malfunction. instructions or and the photo from If Bluetooth the memory or instead. automatically. instructions selecting Bluetooth
memory and or Once connected to the memory as Memory Card and Copying You from to the memory instructions. To with first: from or from USB with USB If to from the the software CD as From Periodically, to to software. Download instructions DO NOT to the software. Software and Connecting Once software and connected to instructions from REMOVE memory from Follow the (below)
the Account If the the option this If the software, and from If New connected to and NOT NOT memory Press the On to Software the and The software the CD.
memory and the the to If screen this software this If another this as the Then the other to the the USB to USB USB the back of the items and the Software
this from Follow the on-screen instructions to that the CD. Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the and connected to and NOT NOT memory Press the On to Software Double-click the the CD.
If OS or to this If OS or with the this Follow the the right of the to the USB to USB Then the other to USB the back of the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of software and from the CD.
or Right-click the photo, highlight With and and from the Gallery/Photo operating the to Follow these instructions From From (below) You from the or or the and XP
photo You the Click the the top of the then from the that appears. Select to with white to without around. Choose from the following selected as the selected, then choose as the type expanded. white photo, or If too of off, the to If Click the right of the and
You and showing the of this appears photo to the to information about Click OK You the Option and the the (the Correction choose the of that appropriately. You People, or Night that too or Correction the of Correction to If with Effect choose from effects: old-fashioned or Black White Select to the of photo Select the of to Select to what photo Select Red-Eye to reduce or red- photo.
this the photo(s) to and Next with the XP and Right-click the photo, highlight With and and the to the of the Click the Click Next
You the this EPSON and Preferences Select to with white Select to without around. Choose from the following Preferences expanded. white photo, or the to If If too of off,
this and Next At the Next information about Click OK You the Option and the the photo (the Correction choose the of that it appropriately. You People, or Night that too or Correction the of Correction to If with choose from effects: old-fashioned or Black White Select to the of Select the of to Select to what Select Red-Eye to reduce or red- effects photo.
and the to the section below OS operating the and From OS and You and showing the of this appears Select EPSON PM225 as the Click to the necessary.
the to facing right, or facing as the Select from the Preview, the shown below: You the Option and the the (the Select to the of photo Choose from the following the option. You the and the to fashioned Black White to black-and-white. Select to without to with white around.
and the to the and OS and expanded. white photo, or If too of photo off, the to If from the and To reduce or red-eye effects, choose Red-Eye Click Print. the option. You the and from the Format To the and To the and Click the when appears the To and From this the following: To then EPSON finished, the to To
Select from the Select to without Select the to facing right, or facing as the Select to with white around. expands of to the iPhoto iPhoto information about To the Choose from the following Select Select from the Click OK to the of
To the and to the other(s), the If and and the arrow to To the and To and From this the following: You the Option and the the photo (the the to fashioned expanded. white photo, or If too of off, the to If Black White to black-and-white. To photo then EPSON finished, the to To the of the or when appears the iPhoto expands of to the iPhoto Click If the
features. to this included JPEG or RAW Memory Card and Copying Copy to and From the from the to You You memory and from to the memory software and Software and Connecting connected to as the the the the memory light and to flash. shown the memory the as Press the On to cant once. these from to (and through from to Supported JPEG the type of What when while the memory light flashing; to memory
to the the photo the To from to the to and OK Supported Then and the from to and OK XP). Follow the on-screen instructions. below XP or and Macintosh, You this: XP or RGB the option JPG). the CMYK with the them as Photoshop To from copying memory as to Memory Card If this memory from and To to or or Copy You choose of the options to or
memory follow the below to Once finished copying to or from to turning off or its USB to Memory Card flashing, or without the below, or while the memory light the the To to and from and and the to the or Supported To from Photoshop, them as RGB using the option the CMYK with the as Then USB XP, or XP Professional the or Edition Click the the Then Stop USB Click the operating to of the following: appears that to the from the to or copying memory as the right. the memory from to the straight of the copying memory as the right.
wherever or from You that photo and the The these (to the right) The following T5846 T5845-M sheets) and photo photo sheets) and If to the of photo within months of and the the If while the and the it without turning off and and Other products To or other to covered warranty. the from authorized To www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca You and other purchase the 800-GO-EPSON
the to the Release the Once the the right the the Cartridge the Cartridge the and of properly. recycling to the without the the the back of
the straight the clicks to the This or other to covered warranty. thoroughly with If or If them thoroughly with and If them flushing, immediately. Warning: photo of the reach of children and the The the You to the to the the right, to the the from its Dont the board. the immediately. If Dont the the
should If the displays Cartridge You the of Checking Cartridge If the correctly, to the the Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight Cartridge then OK You the displayed the the The Press OK to
the then the and If the optional battery, about anywhere, easy to outlet You optional Carrying PMBAG06) or rechargeable C12C831082) from With You the that or the optional carrying USB or the and the and connected the accessory If to to from of the and or other location where too or too cold. or On Press the to turn off. the Dont the its or or If as the head the On light then the from the and
the as shown clicks or to www.MyPictureMate.com. information purchasing To the optional battery, with and With battery, about the Optional Battery connecting the AC and the the battery, to charge Charging the Battery Release the and the cover from the back of the the AC from turned off. the Battery
with that already charged, to If there with battery, or to the battery. Release the and the battery. off. the Battery off. It about hours to charge the when off. It when while The light flashes charging when The following appear the right of the The light off when the off). the cover or battery. If with the battery, the connected to and memory off Press the On to back Charging
that selected and the Turning or On You the the You the following Turn the off or the right) Preferences If to this off. You to once to to Then Bluetooth the to their Turn that appear of inactivity to French, or Spanish Press or to highlight then OK Press
You the to or Spanish. Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to choose or On then OK Press or to highlight then OK Turning the On or wirelessly from Bluetooth- If the optional Bluetooth PDA, or appear the If the the the the right Press or to choose the then OK Bluetooth Press or to highlight then OK slideshow of of inactivity. You or Press or to choose or On then OK Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK Press to or If necessary, the buttons to choose Bluetooth wireless You
If Bluetooth-enabled (from through then back when Turn off and assigning each the distinguish them finished. to ID Option The allows to and Bluetooth the Bluetooth-enabled from which the Bluetooth to Press or to highlight then OK Press This unknown To this first search that, to from the Discoverable using this Not This allows Bluetooth- and to freely Discoverable Press or to Bluetooth then OK To the the factory), or to then OK Press or to highlight Bluetooth then OK Stop/Clear to back. Press the This that from Choose each of the following Press OK to the and to the Press or to choose each option. option.
Press or to highlight then OK You this that This allows to or Encryption On. selected as the from and that Select On to On/Off Encryption Option Press or to or then OK Press OK to You to the At the OK Returning to Press Press or to highlight then OK
If these Checking and cleaning the head Cleaning the head If or about to the built-in and Troubleshooting Press or to highlight then OK Press or to from the following:. Press and operation Software Cleaning with feeding Where to memory memory Printout Section Quality The Press OK to information. Select the topic then OK
Press or to and OK Checking and Cleaning the Head You the and the head necessary. If as as to too light, or through themPictureMates head cleaning. to the head If the displays the The printed. Press the to there or OK Press or to highlight then OK Press If the OK, OK to finish. cleaning
If the or Clean to the to there or Follow the instructions the to the OK and If the OK, If the or then OK to the head. and Cleaning Cleaning about seconds. If cleaning three Quality warning, to the Cleaning from the If the photo You the head selecting head the and Cleaning Cleaning about seconds. If cleaning three Quality the Head Checking and Cleaning the Head the You the and the head using connected to and loaded. If and as as to or light or through themyou to the head. the head EPSON Utility3 Select the Applications and the right of Select Right-click the
You the Head Press or to Head then OK You Press or to highlight then OK Press Press or to highlight the the to Then OK (You to the to which the with or white the head and the Press or to the the to Then OK The printed: Press The becomes the the the head.
Follow the instructions the to the You this: the Head the the right of Select Head Right-click the You the head using connected to and loaded. the to which (You to the with or white EPSON Utility3 the OK and Head the Applications and to the the Then the of the each
OK then OK to feed of If the and To its should Follow these Cleaning the clean. If cant without or Realignment to another choose the that the Then and this The becomes the the the head. Cleaning Turn off the and the and USB or or from the and then to Clean the with cloth. cloth to the or cleaners Typically, this of To their to cleaning to clean the smearing the front and back of Press or to highlight then OK Press or to Cleaning then OK You of Press If the clean, and OK to Press OK to the
used. Press the On The off to back charges its head about three and charging finishes off, or charge improperly and The first the the photo The photo Dont the and or thinner cleaning; they the and or or or and when or while. sounds as though nothing The On light and charged. the AC and If using the optional battery, outlet to charge the battery. the and AC securely connected both Press the On to and switch or properly or The head cleaning. to used. Press the On to back off If the optional battery,
the correctly with If the from and JPEG or RAW to memory correctly, and the resting and the the USB connected securely both If from and the the nothing memory them as RGB using the the CMYK with the option If from Photoshop to If XP or XP Professional Edition, to information. the the the memory If Network memory correctly. The off. To USB first the to or memory You EXT. I/F to PictBridge-enabled or the optional Bluetooth You the JPEG and with and the first memory
instructions To Network the Quality If or location, to cooler and then to from or the memory It to them. too to with the or whiter of the The head cleaning. The head The head The replacing. You (light software. Dont to Follow the instructions to instructed to. Turn off features such as and reduction. with than Dont than Software these You to increase the software other including and protection software, and
isnt or If with the or whiter The head cleaning. the to or The photo or to Colors or to with the or whiter of the The head cleaning. The head You to to absorption of and quality. or smeared. memory them as RGB the the CMYK with the option If from Photoshop to Colors slightly hours and Turn the or P.I.M. or whiter isnt or curled, or If or curled, of each photo each from the or the The head cleaning. The or to
or only photo or Printout Dont this to curling. the to the of the sheets slightly, and the If feed, the them too tight. With The or correctly or expands If directly from or off too around the the amount of from directly from or Select from The head cleaning. The or incorrect. Dont from If sheets the and OK to the the top of the resting the If once, the the sheets, and If incorrectly or frequently: beneath the arrow the with the or whiter and the slightly. of
Select or then Software Uninstall the and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. If necessary, then to the or and or Click Uninstalling From to this software This when operating You to and then Uninstalling From Computer Uninstalling Software Follow the these software, follow the instructions Software ready to the that to and the free to software. or or EPSON and the option With Periodically, to U.S. or off or while the software. Uninstalling From Macintosh
and troubleshooting U.S. or and to You and or with these technical services: Technical Where to You to to the the CD-ROM Macintosh. Uninstalling From Double-click the Double-click the OSX Product (located the of of purchase (such as and of purchase please the to following information ready: Product Charm or PM Uninstall from the the the appears, and Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. Utility, from the If the or and Macintosh. of the ready to the software, follow the instructions Software Macintosh
U.S.: to AM PM through to AM PM through without or charges and hours of to apply. Then You purchase from www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON and Purchase and
each that through the Then, the software with other Follow these to to Shared These instructions users only. If and would to These sections to that other to Network XP: Click and and Other or and the With XP, to the Network and follow the on-screen instructions. and and or Click Sound. of the following: the instructions below or To software account. You software Professional Edition, with as account XP, or XP Click and To software as with who to the group). the that directly connected to. to as
XP Click and and Other or and and and or Click Sound. Click and or Click the options and Then Right-click then XP this of the following: or Click then searches the the and displays its when found. Follow the on-screen instructions to the wireless, or Bluetooth XP or Double-click the The of the following: Click Next Follow these to to from other or the the shared Select Shared as Accessing Network Click OK Select Network and Next On the Next as shared the from another instructions, to which directly connected Shared of the following:
Select and the this Select Preferences the Apple or OS or Turn Select the operating and the to the from the software CD. this the of the to which connected, the and follow the on-screen instructions. directly connected to then Double-click the of the that Click Next and follow the on-screen instructions. the the from the Format the or the Then the the from other of and If off, the and the checkbox. the and when to. Then, choose the the that directly to as Shared Select Preferences from the the of the Turn OS or To with other or or the right OS or follow the below OS
Follow the this section to to from other that appears the and from the Shared as normally would, choosing Accessing Shared OS or Turn the shared Click the to then On the Services the To with the and information.
OS or USB or USB (recommended) (U.S. or information and the To with the below. Specifications USB AB to improperly shielded USB to malfunction. improperly shielded USB Shielded USB AB to to malfunction. XP, XP Professional Edition, or Microsoft USB or USB (recommended)
and Colors months F C) the Cartridge to F to C)* month F C) (Included each Cartridge Bidirectional with Colors: yellow, Technical Specifications thaws and hours F C). photo and Other products to covered warranty. the the expired. or To to heat or sunlight. the of or type of the of or type of the (included with EPSON ESC/P inches Dont this to or
to to off Mechanical inches Depth: inches Width: inches inches Depth: inches Width: inches Sheet top sheets Sheet capacity Check the the of information. AC to Rated to Rated A431H Rated Rated AC inch of the Printable without or AC VDC,
V/5 combined Card type capacity MB Memory Card SDHC SD to F to C) Operation: to F to C) month F C) Operation: to RH (without comply with DCF or Card type V/5 CompactFlash Memory PRO-HG Memory PRO Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory Stick* Memory Memory Stick*
PictBridge Recommended length: than USB EDR Bluetooth (optional) Interface CAN/CSA-CIE/IEC CISPR22 Class FCC EMC CAN/CSA-C22.2 UL and
type. to to the The memory to with memory (when the memory light the memory or turn off the while the and the memory to follow and instructions the instructions to and effectively. using the following Instructions Notices the of the The properly If the the than inches the back of the and the the that or the its or from the enough front of the the to ejected. only memory with the If the where the of such as or follow instructions those the or the products that or around the Doing fire. the or off the to the outlet the off the On the On light to the and the AC through the the to and Also, the and the AC from sunlight, light, or heat or other location where of the and too or too cold. or the Removing the the head and the from or to the that the
that the rating of the the Also, that the rating of the cords If with the the outlet the outlets switches or timers. or cord, or the AC or optional the from or the of telephones. of interference, such as and top of power-supply cords and allow the AC the and the where they and the to power-supply cords straight supply cords should to or power-supply cords to or AC the AC where the easily or the the AC or the optional or cover the and the enough around the to allow to shock, or The or the normally or performance. or the casing the the the the AC or the optional that covered the operating AC or the optional instructions.) service the following optional from the and servicing to the and the AC the or to the AC as specifically the cord, and options Doing shock, or fire. with of another fire or the power-supply that with this shock, or injury. The AC A431H with the with which included. to with other specified. with the AC and supply directly from the type of indicated the AC that the outlets the as or that switch and off.
photo from allow to least three hours using the the photo the otherwise, reduced within months of each that the of its photo cool, of the reach of and the or other (This with chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to Health and WARNING: The cords included with this following.) Cartridge Instructions the IC the of the Doing operation and If the photo the supply from and and the items that with this of the as the the the supply or the surrounding covers or unnecessary, the cartridge-related information, such as the amount of that the and The IC the of freely. each the the the from the this photo or to them. This the head. If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or there around the when as thorough flushing, immediately. or tear the the this the photo immediately from its If
the or other or To the of the battery. the with or or the battery. the to or high humidity. the or fire or and that the The bright or These them immediately with If them thoroughly or thorough flushing, with and If the If the If the immediately. cloth to the or cleansers. Instructions that or the vehicle to the from overheating. as they or short-circuit charge the this the battery or locations. the from with that short-circuit such as or the from heat and treatment. If immediately the affected thoroughly with If or treatment immediately. Please and regulations or recycling. the the with incorrect D121A this to the the user Battery Instructions the from or If overheating, or the from this and wires or directly to the battery. battery the specified the with other charge or the with other than AC A431H to charge the and the
the service. If service Shipments to other locations You securely the and to within of of to to or its authorized service the and to and service the of the or the item and, option, another of SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions where the repaired and back to You or or refurbished to the of to to the of the the its option, or the without freight as or authorizes instead of becomes property. The warranty of covered service to whether and quality. products and the the warranty and authorization. service technician from the authorized service warranty What To Correct Should the or credit that to the If or If authorizes the the U.S. and U.S. please the this warranty. the from the and the of to the battery. of the battery, completely. Charge the using the where the or high. the of reach. Warning: of as ordinary Instead, with or of the of them or fire. This that the RBRC. of the battery, users the United States and RBRC. America, Inc. Warranty the purchaser that the covered the United States or free from What Covered: Inc. warrants to from the of purchase. warranty service, this warranty purchased and operated workmanship and of of the of purchase.
PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR EXCESS OF THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER LEGAL THEORY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS PRODUCT. distributed or This warranty cover reprinting. This warranty cover to the or should the to properly caused such as fire, and the United States and this warranty cover or fading of or to function properly as of with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If What This Warranty Not This warranty covers from or boards or warranty service ribbons, or third or software interaction or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This should the or or the rating or installation, or reproduced, the peripheral to the its caused or manufactured, or high or of or services incurred. apply to This warranty rights and allow warranty and allow the and other rights which from to the or of or To the Authorized include both warranties and You write to: Inc., P.O. CA To the Customer WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
included the with The included enough to allow Both Cartridge and sheets. The other apply to the of about the of included and included the Cartridge. other reproduction, or of that purchasing stated the The the Cartridge with of sheets of and The the enough to allow of about the stated of From months. amount of based with of based of the of with and of the the the printed, type, of photo, or and white or Cartridge. Also, the Cartridge once should with within the of with and the Packs within of purchase and of The amount If because than the and UPC from the purchased of the U.S. and It cover of with of the of of stated of the the of stated or of the or the of prorated that covers only sheets This Satisfaction or Satisfaction this the Cartridge than the of sheets of There other photo the with from another or You to with the used. You to with the which from or included the with This Satisfaction to the Cartridge and which
completed Satisfaction Copy of UPC of which included the Copy of Customer Declaration of Conformity than the of included. The per-sheet with the that found the below, or the Satisfaction this to to U.S.A. and or Please follow this Procedure the accepted, to and testing to the following this as Class the expected to within as 47CFR responsibility that the to the tested and found to with 47CFR and of the FCC with the Records to Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and According to 47CFR, and Class with Class Computers: CA Telephone: Airport MS: Located Inc. completed Satisfaction from the UPC of Copy of www.mypicturemate.com/satisfactionguarantee the following items to: Satisfaction EL TX P.O. If based the of to with the and which included the with please
connected to interfaces. or of this and interference shielded interface with this If It the responsibility of the to and this than interface the WARNING: The of non-shielded the authority to the interface to this the FCC which the established the FCC this the or interference received, including interference that interference, and this operation. FCC of Product: United States B385A reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of this information as with this of Corporation. The information rights of this publication to other NMB-003 This Class with ICES-003. Copyright Notice with the instructions, that interference to the interference or of the following turning the off and the user to This and interference to or reception. there and reception, which the Class to of and, and This tested and found to with installation. If this interference to reasonable protection interference the FCC These to the outlet from that to which the connected. Increase the the and receiver. or the
Memory Stick, and Memory Memory PRO Memory Memory Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, of Corporation. Company, and DPOF of CANON INC., service of Inc. SDHC SD products other than those as Corporation Products or Products or from the of options or Corporation. or incurred purchaser or or unauthorized repairs, or third as of: or of this Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. The Bluetooth and Bluetooth SIG, Inc., and licensed to Corporation. respective owners. and rights those and of their Notice: Other CPD-27540R1 America, Inc. This information to without each to and as as people of the copyright when While countries copying or of copyrighted those copyright Concerning the of Copyrighted and PRINT Matching, and the PRINT Matching Charm of Corporation.