R3000
rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. of Copyrighted each to and of the copyright when While countries copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright EPSON, UltraChrome K3, and and EPSON of Corporation. UltraSmooth PhotoEnhance and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-28174R3 Copyright Notice
Introduction R3000 exhibition of and from these advanced features: UltraChrome K3 with tonal and astounding Enhanced of art thick to and of to inches, with or without to inch) with as as the Direct CDs and professional USB Ethernet and CERTIFIED fast, wireless connectivity to Downloadable ICC Profiles Please follow these as Warning: followed to injury. to to Notes information about R3000 hints Introduction
Loading You of the or the art and thick such as To and the Loading the Sheet You the following and the other the or type sheets Approximately (B or B) Bright White inch, inch, inch) inch) (B, A3, B) (A3 or B) inch or (B) inch or inch, A3, or B) Double-sided Quality Loading
the and the the front cover, then the or first, the right and beneath the Then the the and the too tightly). Loading
first, or top first. The slightly feeding and while Loading You professional these the feed Press Bright White Press UltraSmooth Cold Press Bright Scrapbook Cold Press Exhibition Turn the from the and the currently used. the and Loading
the front cover, then the of the to of art first with the first, which the instructions. the to the the the the right. Loading
Press the OK The the the the the output To the shows Ready and the Loading
Loading You or with or without You 13-inch of and Its to the and necessary, If to while to might Turn the the the front cover, then the and protective from the of the the straight to feeding touching the of With that loaded, to the straight each Loading
the each of the as shown. The and and right), as from the front of the the the as shown. the the indicated with the the seconds, the automatically. to of the as and the If feeding that the straight and to the Loading
Prints and finished, this Select to and the (If to the Ready Select this option to the to the the Follow the instructions the to the Turn the the as the then the and from the its from high humidity, and sunlight. You whenever the shows Ready the Loading
Loading Thick the to 19-inch that to thick. to least inches of the the to through. Turn the or the the the front cover, then the of the to Loading
sheet of thick first with the to from the rear, or the the to the the the the right. Select the The the the the feed Loading
the To the shows Ready and the the while or the offers of high easy to the of and creative You purchase and SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON inches S041934 S042181 S042174 Loading inches S041945 inches S041946 inches) S041935 S042182 S042175 count
inches S041808 S041727 S042119 inches S041809 S042038 inches S041982 S042122 inches S041464 S042120 inches S041465 S042121 inches) S041286 S041283 S041667 inches S041466 inches) S041290 A3 inches) S041288 inches) S041289 inches S041378 inches) S041141 S041649 S041271 inches) S041156 inches) S041143 inches) S041331 inches) S041327 Sheet count Loading
inches) S041405 S041913 Exhibition inches) S045033 inches) S041341 S041914 inches S041467 inches) S041568 inches) S041062 inches) S041636 Loading A4 inches) S041602 A3 inches) S041406 inches) S041407 S041604 inches S041409 inches) S045037 A4 inches) S041603 A3 inches) S041343 inches) S041339 S041605 inches) S041257 S042180 inches S041468 A3 inches) S041260 inches) S041263 inches) S041067 inches) S041070 inches) S041069 inches) S041637 count
inches) S041351 White UltraSmooth inches) S041896 Scrapbook inches) SCR1002 Exhibition inches S045248 Exhibition inches S045255 Bright White inches) S041586 Quality Self-adhesive A4 inches) S041106 Press Bright inches) S042327 Press inches) S042317 Cold Press Bright inches) S042307 Cold Press inches) S042297 inches SCR1003 inches) S042330 inches) S042320 inches) S042310 inches) S042300 count Loading
From to This section basic from or instructions, the You directly CDs or and the To directly from PictBridge connected to the R3000 the Its to to R3000 software. Checking Software instructions. or and the option. Select then the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the From to Select Click to software
On the the that matches the The the type of currently selected as the To often than necessary, switch the to the type of usually the type of photographic To black-and-white using Advanced B&W instructions. From to
the Quality Quality or Quality with only), or Quality to this: the Speed/Quality to from the following LEVEL with LEVEL and LEVEL and graphics with and LEVEL and graphics with high and LEVEL the and to Then from the following and OK High fast, bidirectional quality. Edge Smoothing to the of low-resolution vector-based including graphics, and art. (This photographs.) Select of the following as the increases the RGB matches to the RGB this RGB. From to
instructions, information about or Choose the Source which Sheet of the sheet or to inches If to around each or inches If to amounts of each sheet of the feed instructions). thick the feed CD/DVD the CD/DVD instructions). Select the the loaded. If Select the then the the Width, the Height the to inches. Click OK then the the of inches to the of the to software). If To the To reduce or or double-sided, the and as necessary. (Click or Click OK to Click OK or to From to
This appears and shows the of If instructions printed and With OS Follow the below to from OS to or the and Select as the Click the arrow to the necessary. From to Select Click to
Select the the and To with option. To Select Custom as the option. Click the Untitled and the Width, the Height, the to inches. the to and OK Then the the of to inches to the of the to software). To the with (or option. Choose or as the or photo. Select from the From to
to Advanced information about the Select the that matches the The type the and type of select. To often than necessary, switch the to the type of the AccuPhoto HD2 type of photographic To black-and-white using Advanced B&W instructions. Select of the following as the increases the RGB matches to the RGB this RGB. instructions, information about or Select selected type): with and and graphics with and and graphics with high and SuperPhoto the and to Click From to
To the the or the If instructions and necessary. From to
Selecting the Correct Select the software or OS). This coverage with Black this Select this Paper/Bright White Bright White Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition CD or DVD CD/DVD* OS: with Black the PK option. the this ICC downloadable from with Black this Select this Paper/Bright White Bright White Quality Double-Sided Double-sided From to CD/DVD
with Black this Select this White White UltraSmooth Scrapbook Exhibition Exhibition Press Bright Press Bright Press Press Cold Press Bright Cold Press Bright Cold Press Cold Press CD or DVD CD/DVD* OS: with Black the MK option. UltraSmooth CD/DVD From to
CDs and You R3000 and the CD software that with to directly CDs or To should or CD or DVD Follow the these Loading CD or DVD CD or DVD Printed CD/DVD Loading CD or DVD Turn the or the the CDs and
the front cover, then the of the feed to the included CD/DVD with the the the and then the the the CD/DVD the CDs and
the the CD/DVD with the the the CD/DVD the right. Press the OK The CD/DVD the CD or DVD the software the R3000 the CD directly CDs or Follow these to the and the the of the following to CD: Double-click the CD OS the Applications the Software the CD and CD CDs and
Follow the instructions the to You the the to and background or or If using whose to within inch of the of the to the the of the CD software. the instructions. ready to the the and You of these OS necessary. Click CDs and
Printed CD/DVD CD or DVD printed, the from the R3000 the and the the CD or DVD You to to hours the to from and sunlight. If to the or quality, instructions. If or CD or DVD, to the the Cleaning the CDs and
Follow the these sections to the R3000 its Checking and Cleaning the Head below Checking and the Head Checking the Cartridge Cartridges Switching Black Cleaning the Checking and Cleaning the Head If or them, of the the head or or of the Follow the below to the head sheets of Press OK to the Select then Press OK to the that to there the cleaning If there the head clean. Select to If there or the Head Cleaning
Cleaning the Head If and the the head. head cleaning necessary. You the head expended, and to when You the first sheets of Press OK to the then Head Cleaning Press OK Cleaning around finished, the LCD off the head cleaning or Select to that the head clean. If cleaning the head four the and least hours to Then try cleaning the head If of the to replaced. If that as If to least once month to
Checking and the Head If become or or or light them, to the head. head cleaning sheets of (or the hand) the Its to or photo the of the following: Right-click the the right of (the and Head OS the Applications the Software and EPSON Select necessary, then Head Follow the instructions to the and the head as necessary. Checking the Cartridge R3000 when or the following The light flashes when or The light when expended. You when the other expended. displays when to This optionally offers and other from Its to the and necessary, If to while to might
On that connected to the to offers the first try to when Click or To offers or from the instructions To the of the following: Double-click the the right of (the You the to the right. OS X: the Applications then the Software EPSON Select necessary, then EPSON You the to the right.
Cartridges You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the following when or purchase Light Light Black T1579 Light T1576 Light T1575 Light Black T1577 Black T1571 Black T1578 T1572 T1573 T1574 that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and amount of the the The with and of the from the first the within months of the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the R3000 ready to them to the head from software
You immediately the ones. the cover, then the cover. the the and the straight to of the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of
the the four or Cartridges clicking sound when them. the the or the from the to the the the yellow from the of the other or or
the the and it clicks the cover, then the cover. the to the and charge the necessary. off the R3000 while charging or If or and the
Switching Black with Black and Black Although both the to the type of The switch automatically, the type of This amount of should switching often than necessary. To the type of that First which type of Then, necessary, switch to the type of that with that The following Black Double-sided White UltraSmooth Exhibition Quality Scrapbook Press Bright Press Cold Press Bright Cold Press
The following Black Exhibition Exhibition Select the Black Switching of the type of should switch often than necessary. Press OK to the Press OK to Black You this Press to the type of the switch to, then OK Currently selected indicated with
Cleaning the If or to the the feeding sheets of through If builds the they traction and become to properly. cleaning instructions. Turn the the and sheets of the Press OK to the Select then Cleaning Press OK to feed of through the of to completely the Select to another or when finished and the clean.
Network follow the instructions the to choose and the software. The instructions the Follow the instructions this chapter wireless below. wired Wireless Network The this section instructions wireless You to the software every that to Temporary of USB included) recommended the first only. the to the prompted to the USB If OS or USB the buttons the to wireless instead. If You www.epson.com/support/wireless. If this the first that the the First If already wireless and to to to the Additional Computers Network
the that the following information ready and write the below: Network (SSID): Network If ABC or lowercase to them correctly. If (SSID) or the who wireless turned the software CD. and If the the Account or XP: the Software with OS X: Double-click the this Network
this Wireless and Next this the first then Next OS At the Next Then to With the to the without temporary USB Network
this wireless then Next If selecting wireless Which option should choose information the USB At the Next of the following: If selected temporary USB following the instructions the If selected buttons with With the If firewall Unblock or Allow to then Next necessary. or Block Network
With the If using OS or USB to the wireless follow these to using the buttons: Follow the instructions the screen to the wireless this the buttons to the of wireless then OK finished, Next If isnt listed, the following: that wireless router or turned and correctly. Press to to the OK to then If cant the the router or broadcasting its Press or to Other then OK with the SSID Manually Network
this of the following: If wireless security the buttons to If ABC or lowercase to them correctly. Then to If wireless network security with If Watch to to Follow the instructions to selecting If firewall Unblock or Allow to and Next necessary. or If the incorrectly. If ABC or lowercase or to them correctly. If the to wireless Network while the software then follow the instructions. the CD and Network
SSID Manually If its (SSID), follow these to From the Select SSID the or to Other then OK the arrow buttons the to Press or to highlight or function the (shown below), then OK to the function buttons to AB12 lowercase or and to characters Network to ABC or lowercase correctly. highlight and OK with to Additional Computers turned the software CD. and If the the Account or XP: the Software with Network Function buttons
OS X: Double-click the this this Wireless and Next Network
this The already wireless then Next while the software Follow the instructions the to the of software. the CD and Wired Network The this section instructions If Network turned If previously the wireless the wireless to wired network. Press OK then Network Wireless LAN LAN Select then OK the software CD. and If the the Account or OS X: Double-click the Network
the Software this Wired and Next the Network of the following: first-time installation, the first then Next If the already and to to from choose The already Ethernet then Next first-time the to router, or with Ethernet then Next OS to while the software then Next to installation. Network
the Firewall Warning Next If firewall Unblock or Allow to and Next necessary. or If to the to then Next while the If Complete that includes to Click Follow the instructions the to the of software. the CD and Network
If with the the LCD to the You the troubleshooting below or The and easy to and and purchasing. Checking Software Periodically, to free to R3000 software. and Download the Software or (U.S.) or With the the You or or EPSON and R3000 and the below first, and the to the right and the the arrow the
the feed of the the software the loaded. If feed the the and the of to the sheets. the right and the too the once If builds the they traction and become to properly. cleaning instructions. If cant easily the feed the perfectly and curled. the or with the to art or board. Once the the and the the If feed, the of straight and the backward, necessary. Then the If thick feed, straight the and If try the following, the cover and Press OK to clear the off and then the to the Gently the from the front or back (whichever and OK to clear the feed Gently the from the front or back (whichever and OK to clear the If off the and then back
CD/DVD If the CD/DVD or the gently the CD/DVD and OK the CD/DVD to the correctly the and the arrows If correctly the or cover the correctly, to the using the CD software. the instructions. If smears CDs or and that the of the and them hours them If necessary, the CD software. the instructions. Quality the quality, and the (usually the whiter, or isnt or curled. the type of matches the and type software sheets from the as they least hours or protective If to them, of each If light or or they too to the head. and the head If the head to and the head The and
Network If wireless the to location. to microwave or such as wireless router and/or to the supported. Network the to location. there (such as MAC the wireless router. If the MAC the router. Network Sheet below) to the MAC Then routers instructions. If wireless router broadcast its (SSID), instructions manually wireless If wireless router security the WEP or WPA correctly. and the CD to software. instructions.) The appears the LCD firewall or security software to (TCP/UDP). firewall router might assigning IP DHCP. If to the IP manually. correctly Network Press OK to the then or and Press or and Network Press or and Confirm Network Press OK to the
Where to Technical (U.S.) or and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product R3000 Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then (U.S.) or AM to PM through and AM to PM and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON
Notices Instructions R3000 and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the R3000 only the type of indicated the R3000 the R3000 where the easily If the R3000 the from the off the R3000 the and the light flashing the or off to the the R3000 outlet the as or that switches and off, or switch or the become or frayed. If with the R3000 the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the R3000 or cover the R3000 or through the the R3000 or heating or sunlight. products that or around the R3000 Doing fire. the R3000 that its It properly or the R3000 least inches from the the white the R3000 to the R3000 Notices
as specifically to service the R3000 yourself. the R3000 and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. or the R3000 its or otherwise from the Cartridge of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the R3000 or immediately Leaving the head and the R3000 from If the supply from and and the as the R3000 that there the supply covers or to the from items that the the supply or surrounding the LCD cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. Notices
Wireless Network this or waves from the the operation of this least inches from waves from this their operation. this such as or fire waves from this these America, Inc., Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States, or from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to as the United States, or Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If authorizes instead of to to or its authorized service where the repaired and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers only the United States, or this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty Notices
This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or certified This warranty ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN EXCESS OF THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT. warranties include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B471A Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
Notices