WorkForce WP-4020 Read these instructions Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. and protective including the and the Turn the to the back of the and to to Press the the front cover. Unpack the four each as shown about seconds. each the its each clicks. the front cover. The the This about the light flashing, The included the and about count Dont off the or the cover while or the You A4-, or the instructions and the MP the the the outward. If the as shown. the with the or the the front and sticking from the of the the the too tight. the the the Gently the The slightly as the This the and the as shown. the software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection software, this software the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that CD.
the front cover. Unpack the four each as shown about seconds. each the its each it clicks. the front cover. The the This about the light flashing, The included the and about count Dont off the or the cover while or WorkForce WP-4020 these instructions Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. and protective including the and the Turn the to the back of the and to to Press the the You A4-, or the instructions and the MP the the the outward. If the as shown. the with the or the the front and sticking from the of the the the too tight. the the the Gently the The slightly as the This the and the as shown. the software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection software, this software installation. the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that CD.
If the If the Account or OS X: Double-click the Click or OS X) and follow the instructions the Select the options section this information. Then Next or OS X) and follow the instructions options You the software every from which to the first installation, temporary USB to simplify wireless the connected to the prompted to the (USB included.) know (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB Wired Ethernet included). You the software from which to Network and If connecting the Protected (WPS), and the the within of the WPS router. Press and the the seconds. to the router or with or another to that correctly. the router off and then then to to Press the to that the and the strength. If the to router or the to microwave or such as If router or its (SSID), manually the If router or wireless security to know what of security and the WEP or WPA correctly. TCP/IP, DHCP option router or IT to with this the firewall temporarily to that causing the firewall to connecting with USB securely connected as shown: when expended. If expended, to the (usually the whiter, or If light or or they too to the head cleaning. the information. The and necessary. the information. If of the below, follow the to proceed: On Flashing Flashing match, or the correctly and the feed the the or the the and the The front cover the cover. The indicated The indicated or correctly. or the The nearing the of its service life. The the of its service or Press the and buttons the to clear the then the Turn the off and the protective and from the Then the back If the clear, Press the the to clear the and On-screen with software Select or when software. Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the as Technical technical (U.S.) or where or You with calling: U.S. AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Recycling offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products and with professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of business and to information. Smooth, and business WorkForce WP-4020 Black 676XL 676XL 676XL 676XL wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect WorkForce, and and of Corporation. of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-34327R1 Printed XXXXXX the below to Its as easy as
Network and If connecting the Protected (WPS), and the the within of the WPS the router. Press and the seconds. connecting to the router or with or another to that correctly. the router off and then then to to Press the to that the and the strength. If the to router or the to microwave or such as If router or its (SSID), manually the If router or wireless security to know what of security and the WEP or WPA correctly. TCP/IP, DHCP option router or IT to with this the firewall temporarily to that causing the firewall to connecting with USB securely connected as shown: when expended. If expended, to the (usually the whiter, or If light or or they too to the head cleaning. the information. The and necessary. the information. If the If the Account or Double-click the X: OS OS X) and follow or Click the instructions the Select the options section this or Next information. Then OS X) and follow the instructions options Wireless You the software every from which to the first installation, using temporary USB to wireless the connected to the prompted to the (USB included.) (SSID) and network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB Wired included). Ethernet You the software every from which to If of the below, follow the to proceed: On Flashing Flashing match, or the correctly and the the the or the the and the feed The front cover the cover. The indicated The indicated or correctly. or the The the of its service life. The the of its service or Press the and the to clear the then the Turn the off and the protective and from the Then the back If the clear, Press the the to clear the and On-screen with software Select or when software. Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the as Technical Support. technical (U.S.) or where or You with calling: U.S. AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Recycling offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of business and to information. Smooth, and business the numbers below to Its as easy as WorkForce WP-4020 Black 676XL 676XL 676XL 676XL wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect WorkForce, and DURABrite and of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-34327R1 Printed XXXXXX