them the and thats of slideshows or memory and to whenever and wherever easy-to-use, TM as and light and from as they Welcome! or Then them (or To them to choose and family and the the with the the and back and Since them back With the Introduction to Photography to them from to Clear the Memory Card follow the shown The and the right.
Format), which to while the to the memory If DPOF and OK the to and right from If PictBridge From the to the and the to with becomes with these features: the optional Bluetooth wirelessly to or If Bluetooth required. You right from You from and the You slideshows including clock and
everything to photo and The or from that You wherever Where to and and with (without these and to memory from to Supported JPEG from authorized To www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca You and other purchase the 800-GO-EPSON T5846 The following T5845-M sheets) and photo and to and directly from memory to and and other the and Where to Information shortcut to the The instructions using from the CD.
Set/increase of Stop or to Confirm Remote Decrease of to or from the of displayed or options and back information
Press the On to and with to: finished, memory to and memory (below) shown the following the memory the as Press the top of the to Memory Card Memory
TM and SDHC TM and and TM Memory TM Memory TM Memory Memory PRO (High Capacity) SD TM TM Memory Memory Stick** TM Memory PRO-HG TM Memory PRO Memory light Top the the the the memory light and to flash. while the memory light flashing; cant once. CompactFlash and II) TM 128MB ready to and
the while the memory light ready to memory first the memory light flashing. Removing Memory Card the of the with the or whiter the the the slightly. of to of and the slightly them. or whiter Dont this the Loading
Press the On the of to The light You the On the to and Press If slideshow of to to the function the On or whiter to of sheets information. the and to curling. the finished the On the The light the of the to to Press the On the or operation. To off completely, the On the of the
information, or of topics. about the 7-inch easy to the to memory as memory or them of shows. the of the and From the PRINT PHOTOS and OK the Press If slideshow of to to the function the right) the You and choose from the following options them: from slideshow function Press the You instructions whatever If the To and
to increase to To than the of or selected the You the the photo, indicating that printed. If to or photo, OK instructions. Select and and OK displayed You showing the of sheets and other of sheets Press or to Press or to through If memory than them of You the to and of this photo photo to to If to and month. the Press the to switch
You or of thumbnail From the PRINT PHOTOS and OK the You the following, showing the of to printed: Select and OK If to with white or include the and OK Then the option and OK The from from the If this information incorrect, the Press or to selected enough loaded, then to Select and OK to the Stop/ If to Clear to the to the history. to If than of each to increase the of or You the instructions. Whenever memory (or slideshow of the
You from slideshows with 3D and choose right from the From the SLIDE SHOW and OK the From Slideshow If selected or to and OK Then If selected and to the option and OK with white or include the Select or Sheet and OK the slideshow then OK that to while of Stop/ If than and OK to If to Clear enough loaded, then to If to the or instructions. the countdown the right of the displays as slideshow with of effects. Follow the instructions the to the information. to the to the history.
Format), to which and If DPOF to with DPOF, then memory to choose Camera-Selected DPOF Press OK to the photo(s) to Those If to with white or include the and OK Then the option and OK the slideshow finished, the Press or to to with to these If to with white or include the and OK Then the option and OK reads and displays this and OK Follow the instructions the to the information. enough loaded, then to Stop/ If to Clear to the to the history. enough loaded, then If to instructions. or To the slideshow Stop/Clear
high humidity, and bright light. to curling, and from to the Unused and Follow these to photo they To scratches or the of the photo. and the to as the this the than To they completely hours of the to To as as them or photo
You of photo, the that The to the affects photo, and from individually or You of and With You the following: Select the photo to and OK the amount of and The this section or the they the that the black-and-white or Select the and text from and the of topics. If the about the
If to the the From the LAYOUT and OK the Select and OK Choosing Crop and OK the arrow buttons to the photo(s) to or selected month or selected Select the then OK You these choices: If of the photo, Photo(s) Choose of the selecting the then OK Select Wallet and OK to to or You to Press Press or to the to of photo. Press OK when finished Press to photo. Wallet the of the the to
the of that You that allows to the of photo. The to of inches Press OK to the which of required. If to information. Custom and Press OK or to to to or Press Select the and height then Finished and OK the to then OK Press or to the to of photo. the of the photo(s), You and affects Photo(s) and OK You From the LAYOUT and OK the If to switch photo, and the the to month. Press to photo. Select the to and OK
when and when this to Select with the and OK Fixing Red-Eye and OK the following, showing and the Select of the shown the or information. the of necessary, then OK ready to the Red- the Select Red-Eye and OK Select On and OK ready,
You this the and the of without You the following: based the following of or the highest and sharpness. It This (selected and increases that too too bright, or Select from the following options and You from the following The These only They to Press the the and white or Select and OK the sharpness reproduction. If PRINT P.I.M.: (P.I.M.) or Print, this
the to the If off around the the amount of and expanded and cropped. Prints as or P.I.M. or Select this the Detection If selected as the following: People Night If of choose from the If white the of with the to and or Select and OK You or Press the the Then OK the warning Select to reduce the amount of and OK Select and OK old-fashioned brown-tone photo). You Effect Select Black White or the the photo. (You this the with the (as shown Sharpness Increase or the sharpness the Quality Select or The to The apply to Press OK to apply the selected
If choose that than or If allows to text to the with the This only. Text history, as and memory If or other choose those and the from Press the the Selecting the Source text the to about the the that text Press the the Select Text and OK and OK Select On and OK the selected. information. Select the and OK Press OK to choose Select Source Press OK to choose Source
Select the photo to and OK You photo This the photo Select and OK Rotating Select or (or Not photo rotated the Press OK
PictBridge to and the You that to PictBridge. included with to From USB-connected such as Bluetooth-enabled optional Bluetooth PictBridge-enabled (this From You memory or the from the from there memory Turn Once connected to back from memory to the instructions.
Select of the following then OK Select PictBridge and OK Detection USB to the of and the finished, memory Text Red-Eye Quality to and instructions.) the when from directly from cant memory Instead, the PictBridge the Press the the Select and OK
If memory already to from the Once displayed, and them memory If necessary, or the and OK Select and OK the to the of and If when memory the of You and from CD or From Bluetooth The C12C824383) from You wirelessly from when the optional or Bluetooth-enabled or Wirelessly From Bluetooth the of to the If connected to or off the to with that Bluetooth wireless Although with the Bluetooth the
instructions Bluetooth and Follow the Double-click Bluetooth on-screen instructions. try the photo from If Bluetooth the memory or instead. or the Bluetooth while this while with or to malfunction. the of the the then the of its instructions selecting Bluetooth Disconnecting the Select the to from Bluetooth and to within about of with Bluetooth the included with directly to
Select Bluetooth and OK choose Bluetooth wireless You to or If necessary, the to the Bluetooth- from which or the Bluetooth while this to while with or malfunction. Choosing Bluetooth Bluetooth and OK the Bluetooth to as Press the the Select and OK
to freely Select Not Discoverable to unknown from the To this first search Discoverable that, Select to that Select Discoverable to allow Bluetooth- to using this from Communication and Press OK to the option and to the (from through Turn distinguish them assigning each If Bluetooth-enabled off and then back when finished. the ID You the following: Press or to the first then to to the to as Bluetooth Then OK Communication to or The Bluetooth Encryption that Select On to and Encryption Choose options each of the the right. At the OK
USB or the of If instructions, the memory connected to the memory to the to history. If the internal If to the From the to or other You back the memory If to of the from or the from memory from or
You from the history only, from memory You to from history, or the From the Select Selected or from History Select Press OK If choose to selected selection the following: If choose to to Follow the instructions the to the Press OK then the and OK Stop/ If to the Clear. the memory while the Also, or
Press or to Press or to through to to If to switch photo, and the the to month. You the photo, indicating that selected the to OK the and OK The photo(s) cleared from the hIstory. Press OK to
software. Download instructions Periodically, to free to Software and Connecting To with first: from or from USB with USB If to from the the software CD as From DO NOT to the software. REMOVE memory from Follow the memory and or Once connected to the memory as You from to the memory Copy to and From Computer instructions. Once software and connected to instructions from If the software,
this and from If New connected to and NOT NOT memory Press the On to turn Software the and The software the Account If the the CD.
memory and the the to If this software this If another this as the Then the other to the the USB to USB USB the back of Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software. that
this Follow the on-screen instructions to connected to and NOT NOT memory from the CD. Software Press the On to Double-click the the CD.
the USB to USB Then the other to USB the back of the Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the and this If OS or to If OS or with the
Follow these instructions From From (below) this You from the or or the and XP Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and Follow the the right of the to from the CD.
Click the the top of the then from the that appears. or Right-click the photo, highlight With and and from the Gallery/Photo operating the to selected as the selected, then choose as the type Click the right of the and
white photo, or the to If You the Option and the the photo (the Correction choose the of that appropriately. You People, or Night that too or Correction the of You the Correction to If with choose from effects: old-fashioned or Black White Select to the of Select to with white Select to photo without around. Choose from the following Select Red-Eye to reduce or red- effects expanded. If too of off,
with the XP and Right-click the highlight With and and the photo to the of to Select to what to the to information about Click OK You and showing the of this appears the of the Click the Click Next
this EPSON and Preferences this the photo(s) to and Next Preferences
You the Option and the the (the Correction choose the of that appropriately. You People, or Night that too or Correction the of You the Correction to If with Effect choose from effects: old-fashioned or Black White Select to the of Select to with white Select to without around. Choose from the following Select the of to Select to what Select Red-Eye to reduce or red- photo. expanded. white photo, or If too of off, the to If
You and showing the of this appears this and Next At the Next information about Click OK photo
Preview, the shown below: and the to operating the section below OS operating From OS and the option. You options: the and Select EPSON PM300 as the the and Select to without Select to with white around. Click to the necessary.
expanded. white photo, or If too of off, the to If from the and To reduce or effects, choose Red-Eye Click Print. Select the photo to facing right, or facing as the Select from the Click the when appears the You the Option and the the (the Select to the of Choose from the following the to fashioned Black White to black-and-white.
and the to the and OS and To the and To the and To and To From this the following: the option. You the and Select from the Format To photo then EPSON finished, the to
Select from the Select to without the to facing right, or facing as the to with white around. expands of to the iPhoto iPhoto information about To photo the Choose from the following Select Select from the Click OK Select to the of
If clicked the You the Option and the the (the the to fashioned expanded. white photo, or If too of off, the to If Black White to black-and-white. To the of the or when appears the iPhoto expands of to the iPhoto Click
To the and to the other(s), the If and and the arrow to To the and To and From this the following: To then EPSON finished, the to
features. to this included JPEG or RAW to memory Copy to and From the from the to You You memory and from to the memory software and Software and Connecting connected to as the the shown the memory the as Press the On to cant once. Memory Card and Copying and the to the to memory to copied. these from to (and through Supported the the memory light and to flash. while the memory light flashing; from to JPEG
to the the the To from to the to and OK Supported Then and the from To to to and or or Copy OK XP). Follow the on-screen instructions. below XP or and the type of What when Macintosh, You this: XP or RGB the option JPG). the CMYK with the them as Photoshop To from copying memory as to Memory Card If this memory from and You choose of the options to or
memory follow the below to Once finished copying to or from to turning off or its USB to Memory Card or without the below, or while the memory light the the To to and from and and the to the or Supported To from Photoshop, them as RGB the option the CMYK with the Access as Then USB XP, or XP Professional the or Edition Click the the Then Stop USB Click the operating to of the following: appears that to the from the to or copying memory as the right. the memory from to the straight of the copying memory as the right.
You wherever or from that the The photo and these (to the right) Supported The following T5846 T5845-M sheets) and photo sheets) and If to the of within months of and the the If while the photo and the without turning off and and Other products To or other to covered warranty. the from authorized To www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca You and other purchase the 800-GO-EPSON
the to the Release the Once the the right the the Cartridge the Cartridge to the without the the the back of
the from its Dont the board. using the photo immediately. If Dont the the the and of properly. recycling the straight the clicks thoroughly with If or If them thoroughly with and If them flushing, immediately. Warning: of the reach of children and the The the You to the to
You the of Select Cartridge and OK You the the Press the the Checking Cartridge Select and OK the right, to the The the Press OK to If the correctly, to the the If the warning, should
the and the Then the You cant the the to the easy to With You the that or the optional carrying the the top of If to to from of the and or other location where too or too cold. or Press the On to off. the light then the from the the Dont the its or or If as the head USB or the and the and connected the accessory and
the of from inches to the to their the You the using the You the following the Select the and Preferences the to its internal history. You to this to (without confirmation), or the Select to Memory and OK Press the the Select and OK Bluetooth the text from directly from the and Select of the following, then OK Confirm and photo to or off
You to and off automatically. Press the the Select and OK On/Off Press OK to ON Select and OK Press the the Select and OK the and Select and OK If to to off automatically, to then OFF Select and OK [WHAT IS FOR?] and to the the and OK Press or to the then to to the month. the month and then OK the to the and then OK
Select LCD Brightness and OK Press to increase the brightness, or to reduce You reflected the Press the the the Brightness You the brighter or Select and OK You the screen to Press the the Select the then OK Select and OK Select and OK You to the Press the the Returning to OK Select and OK You the of from inches to Press the the Units of the then OK Select Units and OK Select and OK the confirmation, and OK to the Select and OK Press OK to finish.
If these Checking and cleaning the head Press to information. the head If or about to the built-in Select Troubleshooting or then OK and Troubleshooting button the Press the the and Software with feeding Where to Cleaning the Other from Troubleshooting the Cartridge Press or to from the following:. Memory Card to Quality Printing Other Functions Select the topic then OK Press OK to of topics.
the to there or Press The printed. OK Checking and Cleaning the Head You the and the head necessary. If as as to too light, or through themPictureMates head cleaning. If the or and OK OK to and Cleaning Cleaning about seconds. If the OK, OK to finish. cleaning Press the the Select and OK Select and OK If cleaning three Quality
the to there or cleaning OK warning, to the Cleaning from the If the You the head selecting head the photo Checking and Cleaning the Head the You the and the head using and Cleaning Cleaning about seconds. If cleaning three Quality If the or Clean to If the OK, EPSON Utility3. Select the Applications and the OK and the right of Select Right-click the connected to and loaded. Follow the instructions the to
You the Head If and as as to or light or through themyou to the head. the head Press the the the Head (You to the to which the with or white Press or to the the to Press to to loaded, then the The printed: Select Head and OK and OK Press or to highlight the the to Then OK the head and the
You this: The becomes the the the head. the Head the the right of Select Head Right-click the You the head connected to and loaded. (You to the to which the with or white EPSON Utility3 Select the OK and Head the Applications and Follow the instructions the to the If cant without or choose the that the Then to the the Then the of the each
You to screw or other the and the the Remote Battery the battery. CR2025 lithium If the to only. Turn the Realignment to another and this The becomes the the the head. To its should clean Cleaning the battery. Then the Turn off the and the and USB or or from the and then to Clean the with cloth. or cleaners. cloth to the thinner cleaning; they the and or or or Dont the and or
You the On the This that or the off the selected Press the On the to back If The or the off automatically. The light the it clicks and the to to the If the about slideshow automatically. Press or the USB connected securely both If from and the the nothing slideshow appears automatically. the following You If with the the troubleshooting the (You the On Press the On to the when the light The light and If Network the and AC securely connected both outlet and switch or
JPEG and with memory JPEG or RAW and the first memory when or while. charges its head about three and charging finishes off, or charge improperly and The first the the memory them as RGB the the CMYK with the option If from Photoshop to the correctly with If the from and to memory properly or The head cleaning. and correctly. sounds as though nothing to If XP or XP Professional Edition, to information. memory correctly.
If (the light light off, to the On On the If the pressing the the enough (within and the directly the the light The If or location, to cooler and try It to them. allow to cool off least overheating. the If continuously to too History You only back that The Source to or memory the correctly the You to the battery. You cant from the Turn off such as and reduction. USB that If connected to USB with than Dont than these You cant straight The to the
You to increase the software The head to absorption of and quality. or smeared. software. Dont to Follow the instructions to instructed to. other including and protection software, and the Software to with the or whiter of the The head cleaning. The head or whiter isnt or curled, or If or curled, each each from the to with the or whiter of the The head cleaning. To Network instructions. You (light Quality The head cleaning. The photo or to or the The replacing.
the to the of the sheets slightly, and the If feed, the them too tight. With The or feed correctly or isnt dirty, or If with the or whiter or or If from or Macintosh. the Effect to Black White or Colors or and the Then OK to clear the Dont from the top of If the If feed once, the the sheets, and with the or whiter and the slightly. If incorrectly or frequently: memory them as RGB the the CMYK with the option If from Photoshop to The head cleaning. Colors slightly hours and photo The photo or to Turn the or P.I.M. beneath the arrow the of sheets.
the Crop/Trim Photo(s) to photo match the width/height or the to the and You (aspect of photo the directly from or the amount of from or photo or Printout Dont this to curling. to this software This when operating You to and then Uninstalling From Computer Uninstalling Software Follow the these directly from or Select from The head cleaning. The or to The or incorrect. off or while the software. Uninstalling From Crop to and of expands If off too around the
that to and the the CD-ROM Macintosh. Uninstalling From applications. Double-click the OSX to software. or or EPSON and the option With Periodically, to U.S. or Uninstalling From Uninstall from the the the appears, and Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. Utility, from the If the or and You to to the Double-click the and OK Then follow the the EPSON on-screen instructions. If necessary, then to the or and or Click Select or then Software Uninstall Macintosh. software, follow the instructions Software ready to the
U.S.: to AM PM through to AM PM through of the Then ready to the software, follow the instructions Software these technical services: Technical Where to You purchase and You purchase from www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON without or charges and hours of to apply. Purchase and and troubleshooting or with U.S. or to You and please the to following information ready: Product (located the of of purchase (such as and of purchase Product or PM
each that through the Then, the software with other Follow these to to Shared These instructions users only. If and would to These sections to that other to Network XP: Click and and Other or and the With XP, to the Network and follow the on-screen instructions. and and or Click Sound. of the following: the instructions below or To software as user with who to the group). To software Professional Edition, with XP, or XP account. Click and the that directly to as shared
XP Click and and Other or and and and or Click Sound. Click and of the following: or Click the options and Right-click then XP Select this Select Shared as of the following: or Click then searches the the and displays its when found. Follow the on-screen instructions to the wireless, or Bluetooth XP or Double-click the The of the following: as the from another instructions, to which directly connected Shared Follow these to to from other or the the Accessing Network Click OK Select Network and Next On the Next Click Next
Select and the this Preferences the Apple or Turn OS or Select the operating and the to the from the software CD. this the of the to which connected, the and follow the instructions. directly connected to then Double-click the of the that EPSON Click Next and follow the on-screen instructions. If off, the and the checkbox. Select Preferences from the the of the Turn OS or the and when to. Then, choose the the that directly connected to as shared Shared On the Services the To with other follow the the right.
Follow the this section to to from other the Format the OS or Select the from or the normally, of the following to Turn the Accessing Shared Click the checkbox to then OS or Select the from the Shared that appears the and To with the and information.
OS or or USB or USB (recommended) To with the below. or U.S. information and the Specifications USB AB to improperly shielded USB to malfunction. improperly shielded USB USB AB to to malfunction. XP, XP Professional Edition, or Microsoft USB or USB (recommended)
and Colors months F C) the Cartridge to F to C)* month F C) (Included each Cartridge Bidirectional with Colors: yellow, Technical Specifications thaws and hours F C). photo and Other products to covered warranty. photo the the expired. or To to heat or sunlight. the of or type of Since the of or type of the (included with EPSON ESC/P inches Dont this to or
to to Printing Ready Mechanical Depth: inches inches Width: inches Width: inches Depth: inches top sheets capacity the the of information. off AC to Rated to Rated A431H Rated AC without Remote Approx. without or AC Depth: inches Width: inches inches VDC, Rated inch of the Printable
V/5 combined Card type MB Memory Card SDHC SD to F to C) Operation: to F to C) month F C) Operation: to RH (without comply with DCF or Card type V/5 CompactFlash Memory PRO-HG Memory PRO Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory Stick* Memory Memory Stick*
PictBridge Recommended length: than USB EDR Bluetooth (optional) Interface CAN/CSA-CIE/IEC CISPR22 Class FCC EMC CAN/CSA-C22.2 UL and
type. to to the The using memory to with memory (when the memory light flashing). the memory or off the while the and the memory If the where the of such as or follow instructions those to follow and instructions the instructions to and effectively: the following Instructions Notices the of the The properly If the the than inches the back of the and the the that or the its or from the enough front of the the to ejected. memory with the the or the products that or around the Doing fire. the off the On the or turn off the to the outlet the light to the and the AC through the the to and humidity. Also, the and the AC from sunlight, light, or heat or other location where of the and too or too cold. or the Removing the the head and the from or to the that the photo
that the rating of the the Also, that the rating of the cords If with the the outlet the outlets switches or timers. or cord, or the AC or optional the from or the of telephones. of interference, such as and top of power-supply cords and allow the AC the and the where they and the to power-supply straight supply should to or power-supply to or AC the AC near where the easily or the the AC or the optional or cover the and the enough around the to allow to shock, or service the following optional from the and servicing to the and the AC the the AC or the optional The or the the the AC or the optional or the casing the performance. that normally or covered the operating instructions.) or to the AC as specifically the cord, and options Doing injury, shock, or fire. of another fire or the power-supply that with this shock, or The AC A431H with the with which included. to with other specified. with outlet with the AC and supply directly from the type of indicated the AC that the using outlets the as or that switch and off.
photo from allow to least three hours the the the otherwise, reduced within months of each that the of its cool, of the reach of and the or other (This with chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to Health and WARNING: The included with this following.) Cartridge Instructions the IC the of the Doing and If the the from and and the items that with this of the as the the the supply or the surrounding covers or unnecessary, the cartridge-related information, such as the amount of that the and The IC the of freely. However, each the the the from the this photo or to them. This the head. If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or there around the supply when photo as thorough flushing, immediately. or tear the the this the photo immediately from its If
that or the vehicle to the from overheating. the from with that short-circuit such as or or terminals directly to the battery. the or fire or the from heat charge the battery. and that the The bright or These them immediately with If them thoroughly or thorough flushing, with and If the If the If the immediately. cloth to the or cleansers. Instructions the from or If overheating, or the from this and Warning: of as ordinary Instead, with or of the of them or fire. the from the and the of to the battery. the where the or high. the of reach. and treatment. If immediately the affected thoroughly with If or treatment immediately. CR2025 lithium the to the the user Please and or recycling. the Remote Battery Instructions This that the RBRC. of the battery, the United States and RBRC. the with or or the battery. the to or high humidity.
repaired, to to of the covered authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or the of the covered or its authorized service where the products and the the and to and from the warranty of covered this option, another of and or refurbished to the of and, and back to You warranty. the purchaser that the covered the United States or free from What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to from the of purchase. warranty service, this warranty purchased and operated workmanship and of of the of purchase. www.dtsc.ca.gov/hazardouswaster/perchlorate apply, The lithium this California only: Inc. Warranty What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty reprinting. This warranty cover to the distributed or This warranty cover or should the to properly warranty cover or of this or high from or boards or warranty service ribbons, or third or or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This should the or or the rating or covers only the United States and peripheral to the its caused or manufactured, or of or services the service. If service Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of (U.S.) SM or warranty instructions that to the If to the of the the to its option, or the without charge as or telephone service to whether the warranty and authorization. service What To Correct Should the or or If authorizes the the U.S. and U.S. please the
apply to This warranty rights and the and other rights which from to To the Authorized You write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA To the Customer WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON- ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, OTHER LEGAL THEORY. caused such as fire, and or to function properly as of with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If software interaction installation, or reproduced, the incurred. of that purchasing stated the The the Cartridge with of of and The the enough to allow of about the stated of sheets. From based with of based of the of with and of the printed, type, of photo, or and white or Cartridge. Also, the Cartridge once should with within allow warranty and allow the or of or include both and
and the Packs purchased of the U.S. and It cover of with of or of the or prorated that covers This Satisfaction or than the of sheets included. The included the with This Satisfaction to the Cartridge and which with the that this the Cartridge than the of sheets of There other the Cartridge. other with from another or reproduction, or You to with the used. You to with the which from or fading. months. quality, amount of the the found the below, or the Satisfaction this to to U.S.A. and or Please follow this Procedure included the with The included enough to allow Both Cartridge and The other apply to the of about the of included and included the Satisfaction www.mypicturemate.com/satisfactionguarantee the following items to: Satisfaction EL TX P.O. the of with within of purchase and of The amount If than the and UPC from the the of sheets of stated of the the of stated the of sheets
with 47CFR and of the FCC as the tested and found to with Class to expected to within the accepted, to and testing interference received, including interference that responsibility that the as 47CFR to the following this the Records to the interference, and this operation. If based the of to with the and which included the with please completed Satisfaction from the UPC of Copy of interference to or reception. there with the instructions, This and and reception, which the Class to of and, and that interference This tested and found to comply with installation. If this interference to reasonable protection interference the FCC These to FCC of Product: United States B384A Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and According to 47CFR, and Class with Class Computers: completed Satisfaction Copy of UPC of which included the Copy of Customer Declaration of Conformity CA Telephone: Airport MS: Located America, Inc.
reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of this information as with this of Corporation. The information rights of this to other or incurred purchaser or or unauthorized repairs, or third as of: or of this Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Copyright Notice to the interference or of the following turning the off and the to the outlet from that to which the connected. the or Increase the the and receiver. or the products other than those as Corporation Products or Products or from the of options or Corporation. connected to interfaces. Changes or of this and interference shielded interface with this If It the responsibility of the to and this than the WARNING: The of non-shielded the authority to the interface to this the FCC which the established the FCC this This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003
respective owners. and rights those and of their Notice: Other each to and as broad as people of the copyright when While countries copying or of copyrighted those copyright Concerning the of Copyrighted CPD-27538R2 America, Inc. This information to without of EPSON, PRINT ESC/P, and EPSON and the PRINT Matching Corporation. service of America, Inc.