WF-3520/WF-3530
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the of from the this the instructions the the Product Locations Scanning, and from the Touch and More these sections to the and Lights LCD Turning Sounds topic: Product The and light
LCD Screen Turning Sounds The light The The The The LCD The back The arrow buttons and the OK The and buttons The The B&W The The topic: the You the the LCD Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then OK Press the arrow button, and then OK Press the arrow and then OK Select and then OK Press the to topic: the You off the sound heard when buttons the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then OK
Product Locations Product and Top Press the arrow and then OK Press the arrow Sound and then OK Select Press and then OK Select the and then OK Press the to topic: the these sections to the Product and Top Product Path Product Product topic: Product
ADF cover (ADF) Edge ADF input ADF (WF-3530 only) cover Memory Memory light
Product Path USB topic: Product Locations Edge Rear feed Edge topic: Product Locations
Product Cartridge Cartridge head topic: Product Locations
Product and from the Touch (rear cover) AC LINE EXT LAN USB topic: Product Locations You and right from the to or and or memory You and the to service or to
the From the You the memory from the directly to or containing the to the then them of layouts. You or the or to the (ADF). faxing, first to phone as the Then and the to or from topic: Product Related Starting Scan the Product Related topics Memory Cards With Product Copying of You the and other options to and the From the Touch the the OS Selecting Other From the Touch topic: Product You the to the the Press the necessary. Select then OK Select then OK
the Select the Press the to topic: You the software to the the of the following: the Charms and Select and then Devices and Right-click and Preferences Click and Devices and Right-click and Preferences Click and Click and Sound right-click and Preferences XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click and Preferences Click the Click the and Option Information You the and Option Information
the OS the as the and Click OK to the topic: You the software to the the of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select You this
Selecting Other From the Touch Select the as the Click Apply the then the topic: You the to or that the and If copying selected Press the necessary. Select then OK of the following: Select On and then OK Select then OK and the the LCD Press the to topic:
and More the You and from home, office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to and from anywhere: Print, Remote Print, and Scan to the Remote Scan to topic: Product With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or and to as the If already when software, www.epson.com/connect to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and this free Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or network as the www.epson.com/connect to learn about and the of
Remote Scan to Download from the Apple or to the wireless network that from to topic: and More With Remote software or to anywhere the www.epson.com/connect to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the Remote software. the and optional of the to and this Remote Select the and choose the Remote topic: and More The Scan to service to that with as the www.epson.com/connect instructions account and with to the with the and selected. Select Destination Scan to Click then follow the instructions the to ready to the the Scan to service topic: and More
allows to wirelessly to from iPhone, and the of wireless as the Apple to the wireless that from iPhone, or touch to topic: Product With Account, from Apple or to wireless You from and the Chrome without or If the first wireless as the and connected to the the If already wireless follow these to the wireless that IP the the IP the of the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the
Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of topic: Product
Selecting Wireless Network from the You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the software from the CD. The through Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and then OK You this Press the OK to Press the or arrow buttons to the of wireless and the OK If wireless it manually. To the wireless manually, Other and the OK as the
wireless (or and then Press the arrow buttons to highlight character or function displayed the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK Then highlight or and the OK to To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK button. Press the OK to Select to or and the OK The light should flashing. If the light off, selected the or the incorrectly. these to try
Loading Loading the the type of Loading the Loading the Loading the Loading and the Rear Loading Capacity or You of and If of the and necessary.
the the outward. If using or the and the
the to
of the as shown. the the and sticking from the of the the the too tightly. the fits beneath the top of the To feeding too the
Gently the The slightly as the This the and the
Loading the If using or the or the follow these the recommended of sheets. first, which the facedown. or top first. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You of and You these inches inches or inches If the and necessary.
the the outward.
the to the as shown. the the and sticking from the of the
the the too tightly. the fits beneath the top of the To feeding too the Gently the
Loading the The slightly as the This the and the If or the or the follow these the recommended of first, which the facedown. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You this inches If only.
the and necessary. the
the outward. and right as shown.
the the too tightly. the the and sticking from the of the To feeding too the
the The slightly as the This the and the
Loading and the Rear follow these If of each or If when try that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You or of the the following this inches of of these inches A4 inches inches the and the
If or the the and back. of with the and the the too tightly. first, with the facing and to the right.
the or the the automatically. follow these only or first, which the or top first. the instructions. You of with the one-sided from
Loading Capacity topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You or of these the inches inches A4 inches inches You of these the type Loading inches inches sheets Iron-on Cool Quality Self-adhesive Bright White
type Loading Brochure Double-sided topic: Loading You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON country. count Bright White S041586 Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided inches S041341 inches S041568 Double-sided
Sheet count inches S041467 inches S041257 inches S041067 inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041982 inches S041331 S042180 inches S041062 S041141 S041649 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 S042038 S041271
Sheet count Quality A4 inches S041106 Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading You Brochure Double-sided inches inches inches inches inches A4 inches topic: Loading
or this Select this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Quality Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool Brochure Double-sided Envelope topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner. You originals the they least inch from each other. the cover to topic: the Product
the Related topics Copying Scanning You the (ADF). the originals the them. originals creased or and or other that the the ADF outward. of originals and them to the
the originals the ADF and top-edge first. the ADF the too tightly. If copying originals the originals as shown:
topic: the Product Related (ADF) Specifications Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying the information to or exactly the as Copying Copying and Restoring ID Cards Copying Copying Copying You or the or the ADF. the to the of sheets. Press the necessary. Select Copy then OK You this
Copying and Restoring To than or to the to If to the of the or right arrow buttons to the Press the arrow and then OK to and necessary. ready to of the buttons. To topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity Copying Copying Copying Related topics Loading the Product You the as them.
the Press the button, necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons, More Functions then the OK Copy/Restore and the OK You this Press the arrow to On then the OK to the Press the or arrow buttons instructions the Press of the buttons. Press the or buttons to or of the to If originals the the or right arrow to the then or to or of the photo to To the the arrow or of the following: To the the LCD the OK button, and the To the and Copy the OK button, and the
Copying ID Cards To the the OK and the To or photo, the OK and the or and arrow buttons to the ready to the To Stop/Reset topic: Related Loading Capacity Copying Copying Related topics Loading the Product You both of ID of of the Press the necessary. Select More Functions then OK
Select ID Card Copy then OK To than to the to Press the arrow and then OK to and necessary. Press of the buttons. You instructions the LCD to to ID the facedown, as shown. ready to of the buttons. Follow the instructions the to the then of the buttons. To topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity Copying Copying Copying Related topics Loading
Copying Copying the Product Select that matches the loaded. type Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Self-adhesive Double-sided Brochure topic: Copying Select the that matches the loaded. You these inches inches inches inches
Copying inches A4 inches topic: Copying Select the copying options to Not options or other copying Copying option Varying the or of Copying 1>1-Sided the and ADF to 2>2-Sided Copy On/Off the of With around the Reduce/Enlarge Custom the the Selects the the 1>2-Sided 2>1-Sided Expands the to the of the A4, Copy originals Copy originals Automatically the to the selected and from to another other
Copying option the selected type Source Quality only) the of (only when 2>1-Sided or 1>2-Sided selected) Direction the of when 2>1-Sided selected) Top Margin the of (only when 1>2-Sided selected) Top the amount of or appear the front of the when the Automatically switches the when only) Quality the highest
topic: Copying
From with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product You with as these Selecting Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting or Selecting topic: From Select the the or photo to or Select the command You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of the Source where the to Select the of the as the You the to to the
If photo, You to options You type and to without the Select the of If the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the 2-Sided and the options To of or of of the the and the options To and their the options. To To as that and combined with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White Source Quality topic: with
Source Quality Related or You of the options the Source to the that WF-3520 Selects the the as the Selects the the rear as the WF-3530 Selects the as the Selects the as the Selects the as the and switches to when empty. Rear Selects the the as the topic: Selecting You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. text and High and graphics with high
Selecting Double-sided that choose of and topic: Selecting You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and Prints of to Click the to and topic: Selecting You both of the selecting the 2-Sided the options pre-selected or other chosen or the Select the 2-Sided checkbox. If the selected, of the following: Select the to the to manually and the to the other that Click the You this
Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the You this
Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided topic: with You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge Select that the Margin Select options that to allow Select the and option to as
Selecting Additional and topic: Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to the of the of coverage Increase Drying the amount of of the the other to smearing. topic: Selecting Double-sided You of and options or the More
Custom Correction To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these options: the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or as the and the of as the the to option to reduce or or photo Select the the Select of the following Correction Select to the sharpness, brightness, and Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. Select to To to To header or footer to then to the and location. Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with You of the options the Correction to the
Brightness and and tones. the selected the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. off software only software. topic: Selecting Additional and
and Additional You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or Additional Prints the rotated from its orientation. High reduce quality. the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the options to or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the These with
Selecting You to the following information, which from the topic: Selecting Additional and to of the or More You own clicking the Click the or More You the the
of the to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with
or Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to You such as this Click OK or to topic: with the apply only while that If to the Right-click the the Select
the of the Software You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Right-click the the You the Click the
You the the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You the software or this Right-click the the Select Software You this
with OS of the following: To often the software the To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with You with OS as these Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From
Selecting OS Select the the or to or Select the command You to the option the or another command. as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the expanded
The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them Select the and If these the them They selecting from the
Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these Select the Source to from.
Source OS Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to of the Source OS Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or You of the options the Source to the that WF-3520 Selects the the as the Rear Selects the the as the WF-3530 Selects the as the Selects the as the Selects the as the and switches to when empty. Rear Selects the the feed as the topic: Selecting OS
Quality OS OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. the with with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high Quality the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected this option the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If photo, the or with option. You to You type and to without the Select the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related You of options or selecting from the the
Selecting Double-sided OS To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To invert or the the or topic: with OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the
options or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided
Double-sided and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the and OS topic: with OS You of the options the Two-sided or to Two-sided Long-Edge to bound the of the
OS Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided OS You the and to the or off software. Select from the the of the
Matching and OS Select from the the The the the option selected the Select of the options. Matching and OS topic: with OS You from these the Matching and EPSON software, or turn off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the using the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with cast, such as to off to the effects. off software software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select You this
Preferences OS Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the Switching that that text or when Paper/Bright White as the or temporary Allows to using when expended. Switching Automatically switches to the other when of the of
or OS Checking OS High reduce quality. white white that appear when Warning Notifications choose whether or to warning from the software when topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the You the
Product Select the following options as necessary: To the and or to To the and To the and To To topic: or OS If to the topic: From
Scanning Starting Scan Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or of these Starting Scan the Product Scan the Scan Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning You to buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to Scan and the OK The options displayed:
Press the arrow to options, then the Scan to Memory Card memory and the and other Scan to to that with Scan to PC directly to or as OS Scan to PC (PDF) as PDF to or as OS Scan to PC and attaches to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and web-based such as Scan to PC (WSD) wireless or (English only). To to PC, first to connected to If connected directly to with USB USB If connected to the from the
Scan to Memory Card Press of the to scanning. Scan to Memory Card Scan topic: Starting Scan Select the Scan to Memory Card options to Scan to Memory Card options Format JPEG JPEG 2-Sided Scanning originals the ADF On Scan Select the Text Select the type of Photograph Select to the and the of PDF PDF PDF A4 Select with Select Select Select highest
Scan Starting Scan the Scan Scan to Memory Card options Direction the of PDF Top topic: Starting Scan the Product You or the when to using the buttons. You this the of the following to to the and (other Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or the as necessary. Click OK Click to the topic: Starting Scan the Product You the Scan to and the to Double-click the EPSON Scan
OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or You Scan this:
topic: Scan Related topics Selecting Scan
Starting Scan from Scanning You Scan from to and the the With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You Scan this:
Scan other than when first topic: Starting Scan
Selecting Scan Scan Selecting the Scan Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Office Scanning Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and You based the type of scanning. You options, and and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan Related Selecting the Scan Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan
Scanning Office topic: Selecting Scan Office Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the You this
the that matches Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, If using the ADF, from the
Source Office Select the and that match Select the to Click the Scan and the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose as the Source Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the necessary and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Office Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan You these Source options Scan Office Automatically where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning.
Selecting Scan Office ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. Table Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Office You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options Scan Office Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
Scanning the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. You the when Scan and as the You this
Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Selecting Scan Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the this option or to text OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the button. Scan and displays the If the that to of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only).
You the to to the selecting the of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning You these options Scan Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically.
Selecting Scan Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Text the appearance of and text the from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art delineated, text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
Scanning Professional To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The topic: Scanning Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where To the ADF, ADF Double-sided If using the ADF, from the Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to You chose as the Source Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to You chose ADF-Double-sided as the Source Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Professional
Source Professional Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan You these Source options Scan Professional Table Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Double-sided Selects the as the location where the originals topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Grayscale Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or topic: Scanning Professional
Selecting Scan Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Professional Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the If the the only the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not the Click the to Click the or OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of using graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced only.) Click the histogram to the Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced users only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced only.) Click the to the
Selecting Scan Professional Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The proportioned To the or OS X) to the and options as or the
Scan Turns or off. Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of the and selected thumbnail displays as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the preview. Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the preview. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the Scan's and Professional only), to increase the You the its Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the screen/post the to Print/convert to (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan
Scanned and Optional of the following to the which to Click the of the Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from and optional the Scan. JPEG that highly the higher the the the (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT OS
Scanning with OS PRINT II or that include PRINT II and the the displays the TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the to overwrite previous with the this Select to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. If using the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with image-editing such as With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary. Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan
Scan OS Scanning Scanning to PDF the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning You these editing OS X. Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. topic: Scanning with OS software offers options to Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) topic: Scanning Scan, and PDF Format) scanning. Scan.
Select the to Select the selecting Scan You the Select PDF as the Select other to the Click the to
Click OK Scan and this Choose of the following options the If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the the that appear the of the editing finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning
Restoring Colors as You Scan Related topics the Product You the as them using Scan's Restoration You this of the restoration Office Scan offers that scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the or the Select the Restoration selecting Scan Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the the selected or it If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related topics the Product Selecting Scan
Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Scanning OCR You and the text that with processing, spreadsheet, or HTML-editing This OCR Character To and OCR, to OCR such as ABBYY OS ABBYY to to text first using such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or Scanning OCR Scanning OCR OS topic: Scanning You the ABBYY OCR to to scanning. of the following to ABBYY to the and ABBYY (other Click or or ABBYY ABBYY You this
Select the the to as the Click the Scan to Other Formats or the that with the to If the Select and OK WIA option correctly. You the Select Click and the to necessary. Click Scan To the Scanning section and Scan each finished scanning,
Scanning OCR OS and then the Select and and The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Related topics the Product You the ABBYY OCR to to OS ABBYY to to text first using such as Scan and then ABBYY the From and Select the option to then and follow the instructions the With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or scanning. the Applications and the ABBYY You this
the From and Select the the to as the Select the type of to Scan the used. and Scan and the Scan while to Click to the Scan and necessary.
You the Converted Click the The and then associated with the type selected, topic: Convert Scanned to Text (OCR) Related topics the Product
Connecting Telephone or these sections to This allows to telephone numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and Connecting Telephone or and You to telephone to or If to the to telephone or to using phone If telephone to to
the phone to telephone and to the LINE If DSL or ISDN the DSL or ISDN or router to the to to the or DSL or ISDN the DSL
Telephone DSL DSL ISDN phone
ISDN or ISDN router ISDN phone numbers)
ISDN or ISDN router
If connecting telephone or to phone the from the EXT
the to telephone or and to the EXT If and turned the to higher than the of to or connected to the EXT to incoming when the phone with or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: with header and the features to If of to the and the Product
the Product Selecting Country or the the OS topic: these sections to features using the Selecting Country or Selecting the and Information and Characters Selecting and Selecting Reports Restoring topic: Related the the OS faxing, the country or which If the country or to their and them Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow and then OK Press the arrow buttons to then OK
Selecting the and You this Select Country/Region then OK Select country or then OK You If the correct, and then OK (If and retry.) the country or the to the topic: the Product faxing, the and phase and choose and Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to then OK Press the arrow to then OK You this
Select then OK You this Select the to then OK the buttons the to the then OK Select the to then OK the buttons the to the AM or PM selected 12-hour then OK Select Daylight then OK
Information Select the that to then OK or and Daylight (DST) or winter or Daylight (DST) selection, to the If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock from to the clock back hour. topic: the Product faxing, and to the header to the of the Press the button, necessary. Press the arrow buttons to then OK Press the arrow to then OK You this Select Communication then OK Select then OK Select then OK
and Characters You this the to the such as or business You to characters. then OK to to the Select then OK the buttons the to to characters. You to Press the OK to to the Press the to topic: the Product Follow these to and characters You the LCD or the the
Selecting and Press the arrow buttons to highlight character or function the then OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and OK Then highlight option and OK To and OK To characters, the back arrow and OK characters, and OK topic: the Product You the quality, and other incoming and outgoing Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to then OK Press the arrow to then OK You this
Selecting Select or then OK of the Press the to topic: the Product Related You and phone Press the necessary. Press the arrow to then OK You this
Reports then OK of the Press the to topic: the Product Related You of reports and and You to selecting then selecting or Press the necessary.
Press the or right arrow to then OK Press the arrow. Press the arrow to then OK You this Select of the then OK Press of the buttons to the topic: the Product
Restoring Related You to their necessary. Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to then OK Press the arrow buttons to then OK You this Select of the then OK You Select or then OK topic: the Product Related the options to outgoing
and and of and art. and to the and originals the ADF. On On Prints the transmitted On Prints the every the transmitted topic: the Product the options to incoming Allows incoming should printed. (A telephone connected to the On Automatically and
Source Prints (WF- Prints only) switches the when (WF- only) only) the of the incoming A4 Reduction On of incoming to the of selected as the Prints incoming or sheets, topic: the Product the options to phone DRD If Distinctive Service phone telephone assign or phone to the and to each. If this service, the of as the DRD the of the and that this service. ECM On Correction (ECM) to of with off Correction (ECM).
Fast(33,600bps) Medium(14,400bps) Slow(9,600bps) to to the of The If turned and connected to the this higher than the of to Tone Detection On Automatically the to when the tone the off tone This connected to Branch (PBX) or (TA) the header information outgoing topic: the Product the or to or of of
the of the incoming Trace of topic: the Product Select the to of the the and the header, and of the Network of the the the and of the the topic: the Product You header and the FAX of the following: to the (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this
Select (Select prompted.) You this
the OS Select Follow the that appear the to information and information, the FAX option. topic: Related topics the Product You header and the FAX OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and
and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX topic: Related topics the Product You of them faxing. You to to numbers. these sections to and
Speed/Group the Product Creating Speed/Group the Product Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS topic: You and using the Creating Creating topic: and Related Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS You of to You to and combined. Press the button, necessary.
Press the or right arrow to then OK Press the Select then OK You this Select then OK You this
Select the to the then OK the buttons the to the You to characters. Press the OK You this the to the You to characters. Select then OK You to the
the following as necessary: To and the To existing entry, the entry, and the information. To entry, the OK and the topic: Speed/Group the Product You easy reference. or Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to then OK Press the arrow. You this
Creating Press the arrow buttons to then OK You this Select then OK Press of the buttons to the topic: Speed/Group the Product You creating Each include to numbers.
You to and combined. Press the button, necessary. Press the or right arrow to then OK Press the Select then OK Select then OK Select then OK Select the to the and the OK You this
the to the entry. You to characters. Select then OK Highlight the to to the and the right arrow to selecting as necessary. finished, OK You to the the following as necessary: To and the To existing the entry, and the information. To the OK and the topic: Speed/Group the Product You easy reference. or Press the necessary.
Press the or right arrow to then OK Press the arrow. Press the arrow to then OK You this Select then OK Press of the buttons to the topic: Speed/Group the Product
Speed/Group the You and using the FAX The from the and back memory. You to and combined. of the following: to the (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this Select (Select prompted.) You this
Select Dial/Group You this
Speed/Group the OS Select and the To and the To and the of the following: To and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the previous as to or finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics Speed/Group the Product You and the FAX Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan the FAX option and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select the FAX option and Select Double-click FAX necessary. You this
Select FAX the Select Dial/Group You this
from the Product To entry, To entry, and the information. To entry, and the of the following: To and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the as to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics Speed/Group the Product these sections to using from the Product the the OS topic: these sections to the Manually or Selecting From or from Connected Telephone Broadcasting topic:
Manually or You from manually the or redialing the the faxing. Press the button, necessary. Press the or right arrow to then OK of the following: the to the You to characters. Press the to the If to the arrow, OK and Press of the buttons. If and-white. To faxing, the and to necessary. the and the
Selecting From or If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product You from selecting or from the the faxing. Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to then OK Press the Select the or to then OK If to the arrow, OK and
from Connected Telephone Press of the buttons. If and-white. To faxing, the and to necessary. scanning the and the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product Speed/Group the Product If connected to the EXT. the from the connected telephone. the faxing. Press the necessary.
Broadcasting Press the or right to then OK the from the connected telephone. If to the arrow, OK and selecting OK Press of the buttons. If and-white. To faxing, the and to necessary. the telephone. the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product You easily to the or or phone numbers. You the to to phone numbers.
You black-and-white when this option. the faxing. Press the necessary. Select then OK Press the arrow. Select Broadcast then OK and of the following: the to manually numbers. Press then or the to necessary. finished selecting OK If to and Press the B&W If prompted, where (ADF or To faxing, and to necessary. scanning the and the
the If the or there displays redialing and the topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product While these and and of and art. and the and originals the ADF. On topic: from the Product You from You to including cover the to and the command. You this:
Select with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to Click Print. If the first this
the OS information that the of the Then OK to the information. cover input or of then Next instructions the FAX Utility, If cover to cover and information, then Next. Click to topic: You from OS the FAX Utility. You to including cover
the to Select the You to the option the or another command. FAX option as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the Select the of as the the to Select from the You this
of the following to choose Select or from the and and the Click the and from Select from the You this
Reception Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Automatically Manually topic: and when reception to If connected telephone to the and to manually. This allows to tone the telephone and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to topic:
Automatically Manually To and automatically, the to turned or To or off, If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or If telephone connected, and to that to the LCD displays that topic: Related You to manually turning off This tone the connected telephone the telephone the
If hear the option, then OK the active as the Follow the instructions the to the finished, the previous LCD Press the OK to the the topic: Related
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Memory Card only memory memory the memory and the with the memory the the oriented correctly. force the the the it The memory light flashes and then memory or turn off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Memory Card
Memory Card Memory Card Specifications topic: Memory Cards With Product You these of memory Cards with using Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD topic: Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to of to topic: Memory Card
Memory Card from Memory Card with memory to to from memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory the memory light flashing. If connected to using USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card these sections to from memory and topic: Memory Cards With Product
and and these sections to and LCD and Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD Selecting Displayed the LCD topic: from Memory Card You as them the LCD Press the necessary. Select Functions then OK Select then OK Press the or right arrow to through and photo to You of the photo:
Press to the photo To and the following as necessary: To than of the photo, or to the to To the the arrow and the To the the arrow, then To or the arrow, then the displayed the LCD to To and others the arrow buttons and the selections ready to the To topic: and Related You of the memory or other Press the necessary. Select More Functions then OK Select then OK Press the arrow, then choose Select and OK Choose Select You this
Select or to the of of each photo, then OK Press the arrow and choose the of ready to the button. To topic: and Related references You based the the Press the necessary. Select More Functions then OK Select then OK You this:
Press the arrow, choose Select and then OK Select Select then OK You this: Press the right arrow to shown, then OK Select or to the of of each then OK Press the arrow and choose the of
Displayed the LCD Displayed the LCD ready to the To topic: and Related references If to photo displayed the LCD the arrow, and the To the photo, to the yellow or to the outward. To the the arrow buttons. To the the To the OK topic: and You the and appearance of displayed the LCD The the of the photo, the Press the arrow, then and OK You this
Select photo Select option the To clear the Stop/Reset selecting the back topic: and Related Select the options to when and displayed the LCD
options On Automatically the brightness, and of the photo based the Detection that selected off below P.I.M. PRINT Matching or the of Detection the option that matches People Night Red-Eye Automatically the On On tone to the or photo the B&W black-and-white to the or photo the photo Brightness photo Sharpness sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: and
Selecting Displayed the LCD You the the LCD Press the arrow. Select OK You this Select Select option the To clear the button. selecting the back topic: and Related Select the to when displayed the LCD options Indicates the of
options Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected Expands the to the of the With around the Quality Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white Prints the the the the On Automatically the to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to topic: and You or the LCD of photo Press the necessary. More Functions then OK Select then OK You this
Press the or right arrow then the Select the that matches the loaded, then OK Select the type that matches the loaded, then OK the selected, this If the of the following: To allow to the the automatically, To the manually, manually and follow the instructions the
Memory Card Select the to Press or to or of each to To other through and the selections Then OK To than of the or to the to Then OK Select the photo ready to the To topic: from Memory Card Related the to when Prints photo or or or the or of the ID Prints topic: You to and from memory memory From from Memory Card to
From Computer from Memory Card to topic: Memory Cards With Product from to memory memory to the memory this or from the memory memory or off while the memory flashing or from the memory Press the necessary. Select then OK then OK Select type. topic: Memory Card You to and from memory memory and connected to to and from memory while from the memory
connected to memory memory of the following to memory from Select the or then the OS with USB the then OS with Select the or from the the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD Select the that the to to the or memory LCD to to the memory the memory light flashing, then and the memory to the displayed. topic: Memory Card
with Product from Connected to Product Selecting From Follow the instructions these sections to with such as USB or other from Connected to Product or from USB or Charging USB Product If that PictBridge to the and directly from the to JPG and from to the of of type, and supported, and the Selecting From Connecting and From topic: with Product from the Press the necessary. Select then OK Select then OK You this
Select then OK Select the to then the back Select then OK Select the to then the to ready to and topic: from Connected to Product Select the options to when from options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected
options Expands the to the of the With around the or sheet or or photo the or of the Prints Quality Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white On/Off Prints the the the On Automatically the to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to topic: Selecting From Select the options to when from
Connecting and From options On the brightness, and of the based the Detection that selected off below P.I.M PRINT or Detection the of the option that matches People Night Red-Eye On/Off Automatically the tone to the or photo the photo B&W black-and-white to the or photo the Brightness Sharpness sophisticated to that this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: Selecting From the turned
memory from the the to the USB that with to the USB the front of You the USB to from to Turn You this Follow the instructions that with to and off and from the
or from USB or USB Specifications Connecting and USB or topic: from Connected to Product Related topics Loading You and from USB or other such as or CD/DVD the with the USB Specifications Connecting and USB or topic: with Product You that these specifications. JPEG with the to of to topic: or from USB or or the turned the of memory from the the to USB or the USB that with the USB the front of
Charging USB Product (such as CD) necessary. If there the and the OK You and from the LCD the light the flashing, then or from the the USB or off the when the light flashing, or the topic: or from USB or Related topics Loading and You or other to the user-supplied USB that to with with USB Devices that than the of the information. Turn to the USB the front of the
while charging to charge You the USB to from to If to the memory instead. Disconnect memory topic: with Product
You or stationery with background. and Graph You or with of the background. of these inches or A4 inches memory memory Press the necessary. Select Functions then OK Select then OK You this Press the arrow buttons and of the options (with or without then OK Select You thumbnail of the memory
Lined and Graph Select the photo to as the background You of with the the background. of the following as necessary: To the arrow buttons to through and the to To the the arrow. ready, OK You to Press OK To than or to the to ready to of the buttons. To topic: Related topics Loading You or and
of these inches or A4 inches Press the necessary. Select More Functions then OK Select then OK You this Select of the options shown the Select to Proceed OK To than or to the to ready to of the buttons. To topic: Related topics Loading
Cartridges and Cartridge and Checking Cartridge the LCD Screen The that flushed from the head cleaning. or the the of its service life, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of and responsibly and with If would to and to please to www.epson.com/recycle information. Cartridge and Purchase Cartridges and Removing and Cartridges With Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with the and its software when or expended, or when the to replaced. Checking Cartridge the LCD Screen Checking Cartridge and With Checking Cartridge and With OS topic: Cartridges and You the of using LCD Press the necessary. Select Select The displayed.
Checking Cartridge and With Displayed of the following: To OK If to Cartridge and follow the instructions the screen topic: Cartridge and appears to when and or To the the then You this
or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
the checkbox the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge and
Checking Cartridge and With OS You the of and of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select EPSON You this
Purchase Cartridges and Cartridge and the following as necessary: You the and clicking or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge and You purchase boxes, and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that and them. The of other products and The with and of the from this first of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge and topic: Cartridges and these when or purchase or T671000 within months of the High-capacity High-capacity Black
Removing and Cartridges High-capacity High-capacity topic: Purchase Cartridges and You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If expended, the LCD which to replaced, then OK and follow the instructions the If the LCD the then Cartridge the
the cover. of the or to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of the the and the straight to
Gently the four or as shown. Then the from the or or the the the immediately the the head and to the
the the and clicks the cover and clicks the to If that incorrectly, the the cover, and the clicks Then the cover and the
With Black and Cartridges With Cartridges off the If or and the If the supply from and and the as the The the to the supply or surrounding with the facing topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase Cartridges and expended, temporarily from using the as as You with using With Cartridges With Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges and If that temporarily with and to or To this Click Stop or to If the appears another to the the or
With Cartridges OS Access the Click the Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK displays Click Black to topic: With Black and Cartridges If and to temporarily with or Click the the If that temporarily with the or to If the appears another to the the the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and You this
Conserving Black with On as the temporary Click OK the or Access the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the option. Click to topic: With Black and Cartridges The following appears when and there
the The appears when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to using the the Click this to the If this the topic: Cartridges and that and than the from sunlight. Press the to off the the from its the the
Press the and the cover). the as shown and of its the or Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right the of the reach of children and the
the the that with the the and of the the and the the cover).
topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase Cartridges and
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product Touch If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning clean the only You them them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality You to Checking the the Product Touch Checking the topic: Head You the head using the of the (or Press the necessary. Select then OK Select then OK
You this You this Press of the buttons. The the to there the head
Checking the head cleaning of the following: If there then OK If there or the Clean the Head then OK and Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary. If cleaning the head to least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and Loading You the head using or sheets of the (or of the following: Right-click the the
OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences and Select Select You this: Click the to there the head
Head Cleaning head cleaning If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and Loading If and the the head. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related topics Cartridges and
Cleaning the Head the Product Touch You clean the head the of the (or Press the necessary. then OK then OK You this Select Head Cleaning then OK You this
Cleaning the Head Press OK Select the cleaning to then of the buttons. the to which cleaning. You cleaning selected the cleaning finished, the off the cleaning or then OK Press of the buttons to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and You clean the head using or sheets of the (or
of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and or Select Select Head Cleaning You of these
Select the cleaning to based the Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head clean
Head the Head the Product Touch head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to clean the head If cleaning the head to least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product Touch the Head topic: Quality You the head using the
of the (or Press the necessary. Select then OK Select then OK You this Select Head then OK You this
the Head Press of the buttons to while head the printed, of to the each the and choose the the each then OK selected the the OK topic: Head You the head or of the (or of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select Head Click Next then to while head You this:
Cleaning the Path the and follow the instructions the to choose the representing the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head If the back of the to sheets of the
the to without the the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related topics Copying
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Product To its should or thinner to clean the or or other the or the when using to Turn off the the connected the from the Clean the Clean the and the the with cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force.
If appear the or the the the ADF cover and cloth (microfiber recommended), to clean the and the of the ADF.
Transporting Product Clean the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise the the the head and the from Turn off the the from the the connected the feed and the its or with cushioning around the the protects the
the If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Head Cleaning
Checking Software Updates these sections to Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Memory Card to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to free to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or With software You manually the software selecting Software Right-clicking the the On the the On the or the EPSON (other topic:
Product You often with the its LCD You information and how-to instructions the Press the necessary, the or right arrow and then If the the to the from LCD or If the follow the instructions this to the from the indicated If the Turn the serious occurred. Turn the off and then back If off and the If there Communication the connected to and software PC correctly. connected. The the nearing the of its of its service life. service life. The You the to the of its service life. You to The the of their service and the nearing the of its displayed the replaced. to service life. Please the of their service life. (To of the Support. buttons.) The the of its service life. Turn off the and the of its service life. Please Support.
Product LCD tone detected. the connected correctly and the phone the If the to PBX Branch or off the Tone Detection Combination of IP There with the to and Recovery occurred using USB and downloading the from If The the and the that the of reach where satisfactory or the reached the of their life. The LCD, or lights the when these replacing. If this the warranty of the the of the or of the covered the warranty. If the of warranty, the authorized service The user-serviceable topic: Related Checking Software Related topics Cartridges and Loading operating properly. interface connected to the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow then OK
Select then OK Select then OK Press of the buttons. The printed. of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected
the other this or and software. If the the or the head. If the the Check the other this If they topic: Related Head Head Cleaning to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow then OK Select then OK
Select of these the and Communication the header, and Network and You Select to the selected then OK (Select then OK to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic: If hear from these The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the finished the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic:
Software Network Product to Wireless Router or Access If while software, try these turned and securely both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: these or or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network Network topic: If or to wireless router or these to within of router or microwave or such as
Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS that router or operating correctly to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. topic: Network If these turned and connected to using If necessary, software and try topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If connecting the wirelessly and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software
Network If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If and the strength. If to router or microwave or such as wired LAN router or to the LED the to which connected or flashing If the LED off, try the following: the Ethernet securely connected to and to router, switch, or to or router, switch, or with Ethernet to from another the If the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Network
Scan Network Network If Scan these If high If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan the and the Scan to the and EPSON Scan the to Network then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the button. the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related topics Scanning You to the of using Press the necessary.
Copying Product Nothing Press the or right arrow button, then OK Select Press of the buttons to the (Press the to the operation.) the shown the to topic: Network these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the software correctly.
Product It While topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying these sections using with the Product the the (Rear the Ejection topic: If feeding these If from the or the right then the the the the the If feed once, the the to the sheets, and than the recommended of sheets. If when both of the follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the
the Product with the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related topics Loading If the follow the below to clear the the necessary. from the feed the
the white the the while the cover including torn
the the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: If follow the below to clear the the necessary. the then
If the the off, and Then the its and the the
the (Rear Gently the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: If the cover), follow the below to clear the the necessary. Press the and the cover).
from the
the
the
the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: If with the (ADF), follow the below to clear the the necessary. originals from the ADF. the ADF cover.
the ADF cover the the ADF cover, then the cover.
the shown.
the cover. the ADF input the ADF input to its
Ejection from Nothing Prints the ADF its originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: If with ejecting properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned
Product Not Appear interface connected securely both If to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the to the right-click the and Select and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first try restarting If that try this of the following: to the right-click the and Select and Sound Devices and Click and Devices and Click and and Sound
Cartridge XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Click the Preferences Click the Shortcut Click OK to the topic: from If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the allowing to the If the head the follow the instructions this to and the replaced, to it the its Complete the topic: from Related Product If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If using the Devices and Clear or to existing
and when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the and the following High RAW as topic: from Related Selecting Selecting OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic:
Inverted Too If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS that the or software topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and
Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect try these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading If these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software. the to the amount of the of
Incorrect Characters the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the Access the or Preferences OS X) and White topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect characters appear try these reprinting: securely connected both from the to the right-click the and Select and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If connected to USB directly to instead. topic: and
Incorrect or Printout Quality If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Additional and Selecting OS If try these the the of the Select higher software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout
White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: If white or these to of the head Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Additional and If or smeared, try these curled, or incorrectly with or the to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. each from the as printed.
Printout or Printout right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of lighter or that first. the and/or Drying to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Double-sided and OS Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Additional and Selecting Double-sided Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary.
Printout The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges and Loading If these the of the correctly Select higher and turn off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning
Incorrect Colors Head Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading If incorrect try these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head Then clean the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen However, to as as the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS OS Related topics Cartridges and
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, try these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Scanning with OS If Scan, these turned and interface securely connected both Scan selected power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the Scan
Scanned Quality to the and EPSON Scan the selected, then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan If both and If operating Scan, With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Starting Scan the Scan Scanning with OS these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not
Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Scanned Edges Cropped topic: If consists of try these facing the If the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product
Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too If appears or try these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or warped cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too try these these Scan and scanning Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan
of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK and the and of and the software using to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with combinations of the the Tone Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan
Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped or If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Office Scanning Scanning Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product these with or with Telephone Connected to Product topic: If or try these the turned and correctly turned to automatically. to this turned
with Telephone Connected to Product that the to LINE or software to the that the telephone connecting phone to and testing If connected to DSL DSL to the to the DSL the lowering the correction trying to or If to that to phone that when If phone includes services, or service. topic: Related Connecting Telephone or Automatically Selecting Communication Reports Related topics Loading telephone connected to EXT that the LCD displays that topic: Related Connecting Telephone or
Memory Card Memory Card Not or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card these memory with Memory Card Not or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card Access Memory Card From topic: If memory properly force You to with memory topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card If or from memory these memory with the the memory the If too memory the or prompted to of the of or of the memory specifications the of topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card If to or from memory these memory with the securely connected to
Access Memory Card From to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software If to the memory the memory write-protect to to allow writing to the that the correctly. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card If memory from connected to try these You the Memory Card to the Trash. the and the topic: Memory Card If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface of the following: to the right-click the and Select and Select then option then Uninstall/Change If Account or
Uninstalling Product Software OS Select necessary, then OK and to the (other Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall or the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change or Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or
Where to Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the or Scan and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM,
AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products Specifications Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications USB Specifications Memory Card Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3
Specifications Scanning Specifications www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications WF-3520: front Capacity inches thickness topic: Technical Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS WF-3530: front Rear feed top to inch thickness feed
(ADF) Specifications Effective inches Scanning to and internal Light LED Scanning restricted too topic: Technical Specifications input Facedown US or A4 type weight to thickness: inch Sheet feeding Two-sided topic: Technical Specifications US or A4 to Approximately sheets (US or A4) or sheets
Specifications Specifications type Black-and-white and Household phone to correction CCITU/ITU with correction to (combined) memory to (ITU-T chart (with Interface RJ-11 topic: Technical Specifications Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or RJ-11 Telephone
Specifications Single-sheets A4 inches and distributed Thickness inch to inch to inches to topic: Technical Specifications the expanded A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
inch inch Right: inch inch
Cartridge Specifications Specifications inch inch recommended inch Top: inch Right: inch inches recommended topic: Technical Specifications Yellow, Black Cartridge months to to within months of the topic: Technical Specifications and inches and inches (without topic: Technical Specifications Unopened the the month thaws and hours inches
Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications supply rating to to Rated Rated copying (ISO/IEC24712) Ready topic: Technical Specifications to to to RH (non-condensing) to RH topic: Specifications Interface type USB Class computers) the operation of externally connected topic: Technical Specifications off to to month USB
USB Specifications Memory Card Specifications only with AC that USB recommended. CD-R, DVD-R, and CD-ROM/CD-R: 700MB DVD-ROM/DVD-R: 4.7GB 1.3GB 2TB and USB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or topic: Technical Specifications Cards with (CD-RW, DVD-RW, DVD+R, DVD+RW and supported)
Network Interface Specifications SD Compatible DCF DCF or topic: Technical Specifications Wireless LAN IEEE WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES); WPA2 Communication Ethernet SDHC SDXC Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory WEP
and Specifications 100BASE-TX/10BASE-T Ethernet Wireless LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation WLU6117-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices FCC these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products FCC Software Notice Copyright Notice United States This with of the FCC and the the Council ("ACTA") On the of this that other information, the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. If this to the telephone Applicable Universal Service ("USOC") the RJ11C. and to this to the and with the FCC and adopted the ACTA. and with this It to connected to that instructions The REN to the of that connected to telephone the to incoming areas, the of should To of the of that connected to as the RENs, the telephone products July the REN this of the that the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the If this to the telephone the that temporary of service required. isn't the the as as Also, of right to with the FCC necessary.
The telephone its operations or that the of the If this the telephone to to service. If with this and technical or please www.epson.com information. This to repaired the customer. If connecting this to telephone please America, Inc. Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: If the causing to the telephone the telephone that the the This service the telephone to service to the service or corporation information. If specially wired to the the of this If about what telephone or The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or (The telephone or other which charges or charges.) to this information follow the instructions Information". According to the FCC's advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions,
Software Notice interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of to to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the This Class with ICES-003. (IES) interface interface tous NMB-003 topic: Notices This includes software Section to the of each software
the of the GPL LGPL and ncftp (each Section years the of of this If to the please the of You comply with the terms of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written Young The terms of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL
This includes the software which apply the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes software which the of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC ncftp This includes the software "ncftp-3.2.4 which the and of the copyright to the "ncftp ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the terms and of the copyright to the "ARC4". This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software "MD5" which the and of the copyright to the MD5
Copyright Notice This includes the software "AES" which the terms and of the copyright to the "AES". SHA1 This includes the software "SHA1" which the and of the copyright to the "SHA1". topic: Notices EPSON and TM TM and TM and EPSON of Corporation. SM service of iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. of Apple Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions.
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted
Products Copyright Attribution those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. More achieved the to to shorter topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-37228R1 topic: Copyright Notice