Copyrights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation Integrated XL (IPS/XL) PCLXL NEST Office Copyright Inc. rights IBM and PS/2 of International Corporation. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation the United States of America and other countries. Apple and of Apple Computer, Inc. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of Corporation. of Industries (UK) of Arthur and
CG and CG of Monotype Corporation and New and of The Monotype Corporation and ITC Gothic, ITC ITC Chancery and ITC of International Typeface Corporation and Olive of Olive. Univers, New Century Schoolbook, and of AG which of Microsoft Corporation and HP and HP of the Company. the and of Incorporated, which Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights
Instructions and Notes to to to Notes information and the of to follow the to operation: Instructions
the with products should or people should the the as shown below. Instructions the these areas.
to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, to allow the heat to hand the as and injury. touching the the instructed to this force the Although the to rough toner clean, smooth the CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE Instructions
to toner or it They the the toner from of toner photoconductor or toner fire, as they and of them to If toner and or cloth with and to clean the fire or they with cleaner. least hour toner from cool to to from the photoconductor to light than The light-sensitive to light the causing or light to appear the and reducing the service of the If to the of the cover with cloth. to scratch the of the the photoconductor from the the clean, smooth touching the from permanently its and To the the photoconductor to sunlight, or (such as locations to or or humidity. Instructions
to of the reach of the This the to overheat. with other outlet that the of this Instructions of the following instructions operating choosing and the the outlet where easily and the cord. the where the and the and the back or or cover them. the or other or built-in provided. interface this Non-LPS Instructions
to outlet that the of this indicated attached to the If of the supply specifications or If to the AC the that other the type of indicated the If of the type of or If to the the this to or other with the of the Each only the both connected the If cord, that the of the the products the the this from the and servicing to service the following Instructions A. the or or frayed. B. If C. If to or
the Follow and instructions the this from the cleaning. cloth cleaning and or cleaners. touching the the instructed to the force Although the to rough to of the reach of of the This the to overheat. D. If normally when the operating instructions followed. only those that covered the operating instructions of other and often to the to operation. E. If or the F. If performance, indicating service. Instructions
of through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service only those that covered the operating instructions. of other and service ENERGY STAR The International ENERGY STAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and and to reduce caused Their and Instructions ENERGY STAR that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency.
Information the AC the the that with this of the another fire or shock. This with this only. with other fire or shock. Warning: The performance of procedures and other than those specified the Class as the IEC60825 specifications. The shown attached to the back of the countries where required. Radiation Wavelength: to Instructions
This Class III Assembly that invisible The head NOT SERVICE ITEM, therefore, the head should to the of the CDRH information about the Devices and Health of the U.S. Food and Administration, and as by-product of the process. only when the The recommended as time-weighted hour The than hours of the To the of to should the following of of Instructions
together with of the location The should located that the and heat Not directly the directly of the building whenever On/Off off the turning the Ready appears the LCD While the Ready light flashing. While the light or flashing. While Instructions
Chapter to Where to Information with information assembling the and the software. (this with information the optional products, troubleshooting, and technical specifications. Network with information both the and to this from the Network CD-ROM to with about to to this and the software Click information and instructions the software that when the software. to
cover cover MP cover to
Rear Ethernet interface interface USB interface interface switch AC to
the photoconductor toner toner to
LCD and Ready light On when the ready, indicating that the ready to and when the ready. light On or flashes when (Red) occurred. these to the where and the of products. instructions to these buttons, the to
the this the the light flashing, this clears the and switches the to ready light On when the (the section of memory printed. Flashes when the when the Press once to the Press and than seconds to from the memory. and Products You to of the following options. Optional Unit (C12C802211) This increases feeding to sheets of Unit (C12C802221) This Unit allows both of the to
(C12C824172) This option expands the allowing to and high This option to the function. the function, the and them directly from the P5C (C12C832641) The P5C with the to the with this This optional includes the ROM and Memory This option expands the memory allowing to and graphics-intensive The memory to MB products The of the following products the The know when that the DIMM purchase with EPSON products. the where purchased this or EPSON service representative. Product Product 5K: high toner (Yellow) 5K: high toner 5K: high toner 5K: high capacity toner 2K: toner (Yellow) to
2K: capacity toner 2K: toner Photoconductor 120V) 240V) toner to
Chapter and The with of features that to ease of and high-quality The features below. High-quality the 2400RIT* of to when A4 the professional and its the The offers allowing to of the information. the information. and
and The both and The three with toner and with four toner To reduce the amount of toner rough using the and Enhanced MicroGray that smoothing the of and both and graphics. Enhanced MicroGray the halftone of graphics. With the the inch) and Enhanced MicroGray of The with selection of and LJ4 to with the to professional-looking and Various
The with the to included. IES Switch) and SPL (Shared allow the to switch the and other as the P5C The P5C with the to the with this this optional memory this allows to the P5C This with of You or of The following the each type of Choose the Double-sided Unit" and
both of the You optional Unit to both of the to and
This function with OS X. or reduce the of to the selected. the the (Macintosh) or four and
This function with OS X. text or as and
overlay" or template that as when other The function the the function the Function" the Function" that the directly from the and
You optional to the function. the HDD function HDD overlay" and
Chapter Sources This section the of and that
MP Capacity to to A4, (LT) to Thick to EPSON A4 to sheets thick to EPSON You the back of that previously this the Capacity to A4, A5, B5, (LT), (HLT), (EXE), Government (GLT) C5, C6, C10, DL, to sheets Monarch (MON), ISO-B5 thick to A4, A5, B5, (LT), (HLT), (EXE), Government (GLT) A4, (LT) to A4, (LT) to sheets thick than to thick to to
Optional Selecting You specify manually, or the to the automatically. selection You the or the to manually. To the "Accessing the or "Accessing the to the the the Access the the and the that to from the Source Then OK EPSON A4 to thick than Capacity to EPSON A4 to thick than A4, (LT) to thick than
Access the from the and the OS X), or the OS Then, the that to from the Source and OK the Access the then Source and the to selection You the or the to containing the of automatically. To the "Accessing the or "Accessing the to the the the Access the the and Selection as the Then OK Macintosh: Access the from the and the OS X), or the OS Then, Selection as the and OK The search containing the specified the following
If or these the If the only from the MP of the Source You the of the MP using the MP the the Access the and Source, then Loading This section to If such as or MP Follow the below to MP With optional MP
Turn the Press the the MP and the the the MP to the of the to
the and the then the right outward. A4, or of the
of the the of the to with the the first. that the that previously, straighten
Pitch the and the together, then the the right of the to and optional Loading Follow the below to The the the MP to match the the
Turn the and the the the
of the to with the the of the that the height. To the the the instructions.
the the Follow the below to the the the If the the LC to match the the
the the the three screws the the
the three to the that to the three with the three screws.
the and the The located the top of the Since face-down, this to as the face-down This to sheets. the LC to match the the
If the the the You which include such as the following. the of or type of the the of type of of purchasing or EPSON EPSON should as shown below: the the
You these the the EPSON recommends the of EPSON the MP only. using should as shown below: the the You these the the A4 Source: MP to sheets or to thick to sheets or to thick A4 or LT MP to Source: Transparency Please the following when this
each its edges, as from to the and the of the The appears the the MP the first as shown below. them the MP and the to Transparency the the the to Transparency other type of the that The of of thicknesses. or to the quality.
The when with the the of the or the might of should as shown below: the the You these the the Please the following when this IB5 C6 MON C10 DL or C5 Source: MP to sheets, or to thick) Normal
to the the to the the to the to the other than when the to the because the to toner to the It and of the toner that to the the this the to the and the clean. to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, cover and B, then to allow the heat to
with the first as shown below. that or that the of the following the Width:
You to thick of the MP to or them manually. the of the or the might of should as shown below: the the You these the the You should only or To the from with that completely cover the with the Press of top of each of If the those A4 or LT Source: MP to
You to the Thick the the Thick You thick to thick should as shown below: the the You these the the EPSON Coated the as thick thick the A4 A5 B5 LT HLT EXE GLT Source: MP to Thick using thick automatically. to with thick the to Thick then manually. thick that previously, straighten
Loading You to the MP as as the following should as shown below: the the You these the the Source: MP to thick or Thick the then from the the the the Width, Length, and Unit to match Then OK and Macintosh, the Custom the Then New the Width, Length, and Margin to match Then the and OK to
If the as this the the and selecting CTM as the
Chapter the Software with About the Software The choose from of to the from The includes EPSON which through the Optional EPSON the of EPSON information. Accessing the You the directly from from operating The from the when the from the operating should the from to that the From the To the the or from the You to or of these buttons. the Software with
XP or users To the and then Right-click then Preferences or To the to then Right-click then To the to then Right-click then Preferences NT4.0 users To the to then Right-click then The the Software with
to the You the of through the With the the choosing from of or the Choosing the the You the of to or There the and three the selected the the of to the select. and the only to You other such as or applications. The Click the the Software with
Click then choose Click OK to apply the The the following Text, Text&Image, Text&Image, If or memory-related appears, selecting allow to proceed. the Software with
the The to of such as or or Follow the below to the Click the Select Advanced You the the below of Select the from the to the type of or to the Software with This operating
choose other such as and automatically. shown the the Information that appears the Info the Optional This the following inexpensive Text that include Text that include text and that icons, and This effective that include or It effective that include and and include Text/Graph that include and such as Graphic/CAD the Software with
graphics and charts. PhotoEnhance with or EPSON PhotoEnhance4 the and brightness of the to This ICM NT ICM This to match which the Matching with these of To that Advanced Text/Graph high-quality that include text and Advanced Graphic/CAD high-quality charts, and Advanced high-quality and digitally-captured the Software with
If to the manually. Follow the below to Click the Click Advanced then More Choose or Black as the then choose with the This operating the other each the Software with
Click OK to apply the and to the To Advanced then the The Custom appears. the then appear the to the right of the You To Advanced the the the Custom then the Software with The Smoothing when PhotoEnhance selected. this effective that include or It effective that include and and include
You If the More when of selected the Advanced the the selected the to Custom The that selected affected this To to from the You or reduced To to the Click the Advanced the Software with
Select the then the from the The to the selected. Select (to reduced of the or (to reduced with centering) Location Click OK to apply the specified Click the Advanced Select the the Software with
Select the To then the the Click OK to apply the If necessary, the to from the The and the Software with
the or four and the each to the specified You choose to surrounded Click the Advanced the and the of to of Then More The appears. the Software with
Select the which the each Select the the when to the surrounded Click OK to apply the and to the Follow the below to the Advanced or from of or with text or The allows to of the intensity, and of The choices the of selected and the or Landscape) selected the the Software with
Click the Advanced Select that to from the If to The appears. the Software with
Select the from the then the of the with the Select (to the the foreground of the or (to the the background of the the Select the location the where to the from the Location the or the of the with the Click OK to apply the and to the You as follows: Click the Advanced the Software with
Click The appears. Select Text or BMP and type the the If Text type the text the Text If BMP the BMP to then OK Click appear the Click OK to apply the the Software with The appears clicking the This appears when Text
You to The allows to or that as overlays when other This creating or The function when High Quality selected the the from the Optional Creating Follow the below to and and the that to as overlay. the ready to as overlay, choose or from the of then or of these buttons, Click the Advanced the Software with
Select the then The appears. the Software with
then The appears. the then The appears. the Software with
the the and its the Select To or To to specify whether the as background or foreground of the Click to apply the and to Click OK the Click OK the the as It to of as overlay. The created. the Software with If the Assign to Source selected, the the Source the
with Follow the below to with the to with From the the the choose or then or of these buttons, Click the Advanced Select the and to the Choose the from the then OK to the Advanced the Software with
Click OK to the The with the (such as If to the with (such as Landscape), follow the instructions below. the as "Creating overlay" the and the the that to the "Creating overlay" This HDD This function with users the the optional the though or the the You this function from the Selection the This function the optional the Software with If the Assign to Source selected, the displayed the Source the You the without the
the or from the that the with the This function the High Quality the the XP, NT or allowed to the the optional the following The only the characters shown below. Z, and If the created the displayed. the to the PC to XP, NT or as or NT to and then XP or to and then the and Right-click the EPSON AL-C2600 Advanced or EPSON AL-2600 Advanced and then Click the Optional Click The to HDD appears. the Software with
Select the from the and then If to the to the to the Click to the to HDD Click OK to the with HDD the the optional Follow the below to with HDD Click the Advanced the and The appears. the Software with that appear the
Select the and The Selection appears. Click HDD the the text or and the the connected through that selected. If selected, another appear. If the of the to it and the Also, of the the then You thumbnails of the clicking the the through and the installed. the Software with
Select To or To to the as background or foreground of the then OK to to the Advanced Click OK to the the using XP, NT or allowed to or the the optional the following to XP, NT or as or NT to and then XP or to and then the and Right-click the EPSON AL-C2600 Advanced or EPSON AL-2600 Advanced and then Click the Optional Click The from HDD appears. the Software with
If the then If to the Selected the the then Click Click OK to the both of the the specified as to the If the of the to and the Also, of the the and the You the the connected through to the HDD displayed clicking the the Software with
ENERGY STAR recommends the of the function. to ENERGY STAR information the ENERGY STAR with the Unit Follow the below to with the Unit. Click the Select the then Top or Right as the Click to the the Software with
Specify the Margin the front and back of the then whether the front or back of the to as the as the and about each Click OK to apply the and to the You the To the the Optional the Software with
High Quality (PC): Select this with higher specs to reduce the this such as and type with with used. as Select this to as the that with the with Select this to the the as This function when the Graphic to High Quality (PC). Click this to the Font This when with selected. the specified Select this to the the the and the selected the the specified this to the the the and the selected the the Software with High Quality Select this with specs to reduce the PC CRT: Select this as as with High Quality (PC) or High Quality this such as PhotoEnhance4, and type with with used.
to the the front and the back of this the the selected this the of Automatically to High Graphics Select this to the of graphics of such as and the specified the the the operating Click this to the to the Click this to Click this to the or without the OK Click this to the and to the or the Software with Select this to the the and switch to the and white. Clear this graphics correctly. Select this to the that specified the Select this to the function XP, or NT
Optional You the option information manually options to Click the Optional then the Option Info Manually Click The Optional appears. each option, then OK To the of the from the The information about the the Follow the below to Access the Click the Optional and then The the Software with
To the the the Software with
The amount of toners and the expected service of the photoconductor displayed the when EPSON You the of the the Info that appears clicking the Info the Optional the Function The function allows to the and to them directly from the Follow the instructions this section to the function. You optional to the function. that the correctly the using the function. the Software with
The below of the options. option this section. the the option. to the below Option the and reprinting. to the the without apply to the and Option of (combined manually manually Turning or Option cleared cleared cleared the Software with with with
The option allows to the currently that directly from the Follow the below to the option. Click the Select the Specify the of to printed, and other as Click the Optional then The appears. Select the On then user and the text boxes. the Software with
Click OK The and the the To or this the and The option allows to to the Follow the below to the option. Click the Select the Specify the of to printed, and other as Click the Optional then The appears. If to of the first of the Thumbnails followed the internal IP the Software with
Select the On then user and the text boxes. Click OK The of and the with information the of the confirmed the the or this the and instructions. the Software with If to of the first of the thumbnail Thumbnails the IP
The option such as invoices. The the off the or using the function. Follow the below to using the option. Click the Select the Specify the of to printed, and other as Click the Optional then The appears. Select the On then the Software with
and the boxes. Click OK The the the To or this the and The option allows to apply to the Follow the below to the option. as Click the Optional then The appears. the Software with If to thumbnail of the first of the the internal IP browser.
Select the On then and the text boxes. the the the text Click OK The the the To or this the and four from through You the when the Software with
EPSON EPSON that and information about its XP users: Shared XP LPR and shared XP TCP/IP with the function. EPSON when from Remote users: NetWare that to operating used. confirmed the below: or XP, or NT NT/2000/XP To NetWare to each the Network the You NetWare the IPX router the IPX This NetWare such as or NDS. You NDPS Distributed Services) the Software with
EPSON Follow the below to EPSON that the off and that the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM Click the software appears, the then Click Select and then If the selection appears, country. If the appear automatically, the right-click the CD-ROM OPEN the that appears, then the Software with
the that appears, Click Custom the Software with the Network information EPSON
Select the EPSON then the that appears, that selected, and OK the Software with
the that appears, country or and the URL that country or appears. Then OK the OK Accessing EPSON Follow the below to EPSON Access the then the Optional the Software with the the URL the where Selecting country or allows to the of the URL. the the URL appear, the EPSON
Click EPSON the Software with
You and information products the EPSON This operating The and the The the shows the graphically. Text The text to the displays the of the the displayed. the Software with
Clicking this the information the and Information: information the The Information when the information the Preferences the Information the the type and the amount of the Information the optional displayed this option Indicates the amount of The toner flashes the toner Clicking this to toner The flashes when functional of the toner or occurred. Photoconductor Indicates the functional of Unit: the photoconductor the Software with The shown the the the B/W toner displayed. the the B/W four toner displayed. The the of the photoconductor that The to when the
To the the EPSON The appears. The appears clicking the the the the EPSON Text the and the Software with
Now/Find to the URL where and the button: the and allows to the of the URL. the this the Software with this to to the appears. If this to appear, the the the If the to appear when the Now/Find the the confirming the this selected, the appear automatically.
Preferences To Preferences the Optional of the The Preferences appears. The following and buttons appear the Select Notification: the this to the of that to about. To the item to displayed, the The of the item as On or Notification. the Software with
Select Shortcut To the shortcut the Shortcut then choose The appears the right of the Once the shortcut the to the EPSON Alternatively, right-click the shortcut then Preferences from the to the Preferences and from the to the EPSON Select the Information to the Information the EPSON this selected, the appears the Allow of this selected, shared other the Preferences OK the Software with To the when finished, the when completed This only the the function"
The what type of and offers The once the cleared. This appear to the selected the Preferences If to information about Once this clicked, the cleared. Click to the function the function, information the Information the EPSON You choose to appear the when completed. the function The function when the following used: and the Software with
using the or NT LPR with XP, or NT using the shared or TCP/IP with XP, or NT using the or NT EpsonNet TCP/IP with XP, or NT only the LPR XP, or NT the TCP/IP XP, or using the TCP/IP XP, or NT You this function the following using optional Ethernet interface that the function. the NetWare the function. the from NetWare and as Unknown the that the account to to from the account to to the the function the Software with
You the or EPSON when the following used: the or NT LPR the or TCP/IP the shared or NT TCP/IP the Information To the Information the information the Preferences then the Information the EPSON the Software with
Clicking the EPSON Follow the below to The which to printed. The which The which The which currently. Completed: only that finished Canceled: that the Other as the Computer: the of the to the the type. the function used, the displayed as and respectively. About the function, the Function" button: Selecting and clicking this button, the selected the to the and Refresh Clicking this refreshes the information this the Software with
You the following The of the other than The other than selected. Access EPSON "Accessing EPSON Click the Information Select the to Click The following appears. the the and from to Click OK to to when completed the when completed selected, the when completed function used. this function the appears completed. the Software with
the the when completed appear. You the clearing the the the Optional to the The the displayed the Optional of NT or the Optional of Preference XP, or You the clicking the EPSON the Optional You the to the of that EPSON EPSON this Usually, to the Click to to EPSON then the Software with
Clear the of the of to Click OK to apply the the USB The USB interface that with with Microsoft and USB specifications. PC with USB and XP, or the USB interface. USB to USB as the interface to to the USB with USB USB as interface. the Software with
USB XP, and operating If operating or USB interface. Access the or the XP, or the or the USB from the to the following XP, or the USBXXX USB the the Click OK to the This operating the Software with
Canceling If the what expected and incorrect or characters or to the the follow the instructions below to the Double-click the Select the the then from the the the Ready light the The canceled. You the that from pressing the the the to other users. the Software with
Uninstalling the Software to or the to the software EPSON from XP, NT4.0, or the shortcut from You the clearing the Shortcut the Preference Uninstalling the applications. Click to then XP or then or Double-click the XP or the or the Software with
Select EPSON Software then XP, or EPSON Software then Change/Remove Click the the Software with
Click the and that the the software to selected. To OK Follow the on-screen instructions. Uninstall the USB the to with USB interface the USB the to the USB Follow the below to the USB If to EPSON the EPSON You only the of EPSON the the of from EPSON of other the Software with
Uninstall the the USB Once the USB other connected with USB interface Follow through of "Uninstalling the Select EPSON USB Devices then the Software with EPSON USB Devices appears when the connected to or with USB interface
Double-click the XXXX to Follow the on-screen instructions. the Network the This section to the The that directly connected to of them. The that directly connected to the the and the other the which to the with the The the the According to the of OS and rights the the of the and the or as If the USB correctly, EPSON USB Devices appear. Follow the below to the the CD-ROM that with the CD-ROM CD-ROM 2.Access the CD-ROM 3.Double-click the 4.Double-click the the Software with
XP, NT or the or "With or XP or "With XP or NT "With NT the to EPSON that the the or the the Network and that the and Microsoft then the and that the or the TCP/IP The and should the and they should the The operating as shared the OS or follow the below to the Click to then the Software with
Double-click the Network Click and the Select the to to allow others to to printer(s) then OK. Click OK to apply the Double-click the the Right-click then the that appears. Select Shared type the the then OK and the appears, the or CD-ROM the Click OK then follow the on-screen instructions. the to the appears, the then with the or hyphens the or the Software with
You to the that they the the following "With or "With XP or "With NT the OS XP, NT or the the The that OS from the Follow the below to XP, NT or as then the You XP, NT or as the of the If the OS NT the only Service or or NT to then XP or to and Right-click then the that appears. the Software with the to EPSON that the shared the
or NT Shared as then type the the XP or the following appears, Network or If the security to without the follow the on-screen instructions. XP or this then type the the the Software with
Select the the Software with or the or If the of the and the OS, to the OK On the NT Select to the the or then OK You to NT that already other than The other You XP, or as On the XP, or
Click Additional then OK the Software with
the Software with or or Select and XP), Select and Edition NT Select NT4.0 or NT4.0 or XP), Select NT4.0 XP or or XP XP), XP and
appears, the CD-ROM that with CD-ROM then OK According to the type the and which the located, then OK the OS, the displayed You to the noted below, these or XP XP) XP and other than the the The other The the OS used. OS or NT the Software with
XP, or NT the property automatically. You to the that they the the following "With or "With XP or "With NT This section to the the the Software with XP, or found. appear. Click or XP or and Confirm the following items when the to EPSON that the the the security the right the shared without right.
To the to the as or or XP, NT or This section to the using the (Microsoft If the shared to the the of the This section to the the shared from the You the shared from Network Neighborhood or Network the You the the OS. to EPSON to both of the and EPSON each from the CD-ROM. With or Follow the below to or Click to then Double-click the then Next Network then Next Click and the appears. You type \\(the of the that locally to the printer)\(the shared the or the Software with
Click the or that to the shared and the of the shared then OK Click Next the Software with The of the shared the or that connected to the shared To of the of the shared the of the If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the If the OS or or the or the XP, NT or to the If the or the XP, NT or to the from the CD-ROM"
of the of the then whether to the as the or Click Next then follow the on-screen instructions. With XP or Follow the below to XP or You the the or rights the If the OS NT the following items: NT the XP or the NT which as the NT the the XP or from NT the NT You the XP or as the NT To the XP or XP or the the the from the CD-ROM that with the then the following to and XP to and You the shared that it appears the the Software with
the then Next XP, the Network then Next XP, or attached to another then Next type the of the then Next the Software with
You type \\(the of the that locally connected to the shared printer)\(the shared or You to type the of the shared XP, the Software with
Click the of the or that connected to the and the of the then Next the Software with The of the the or that connected to the To of the of the shared the of the If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the If the XP or the XP or as the instead of the the NT If the XP or (NT the XP, NT or to the
whether to the as the or then Next of the then With NT Follow the below to NT You the the or rights the Click to then Double-click the Select Network then Next If the the NT or the OS or to the from the CD-ROM" the Software with
Click the of the or that connected to the shared and the of the shared Then OK the Software with You type \\(the of the that locally connected to the printer)\(the or The of the shared the or that connected to the shared To of the of the the of the If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the If the NT the XP, NT4.0, or to the
Select whether to the as the or then Next Click the from the CD-ROM This section to the the when the as follows: The the XP, NT or The OS or and the OS XP, or NT The displays the following the of OS. XP, or NT XP, or NT as If the additional or the of the and the OS, to the from the CD-ROM. Access the shared and appear. Click OK then follow the on-screen instructions to the from the CD-ROM. If the NT the XP, or or the OS or to the from the CD-ROM" the Software with
the CD-ROM, type the and which the located, then OK Select the of the OK then follow the on-screen instructions. the Software with XP, or found. appear. Click or XP or and The the OS used. OS or or XP NT \<Language>\WINNT40
Chapter the Software with About the Software The software and EPSON The choose from of to the from the following to the EPSON OS users, the and from the Then the OS users, the EPSON from the Apple then EPSON the of EPSON information. Accessing the To and its the The allows to easily the including and OS To the OS or OS or below), the of then the Software with
OS To the the Chooser from the Apple then the boxes from the To the from the To the from the The to the You the of through the With the the choosing from of or the Choosing the the You the of to or There of and high memory and the the Software with
selected the the of to the select. and the to You other such as or OS the Select from the and the Click then choose the from the OS users the the Software with
Click Quality, then choose from or with the the The to of such as or or Follow the below to the OS the Select from the and the the Software with If or memory-related appears, selecting allow to proceed.
Select Advanced You the the the right of Select the from the to the type of or to OS the Select Advanced You the the the right of Select the from the to the type of or to about the function, the the Software with
choose other such as and automatically. shown the the OS X), or the the of the OS This the following Text/Graph that include text and such as Graphic/CAD and charts. PhotoEnhance4 using the input, or EPSON PhotoEnhance4 the and brightness of the to This This function with OS X. ColorSync the Software with
Automatically to match (High Quality) that to high-quality Advanced Text/Graph high-quality that include text and Advanced Graphic/CAD high-quality charts, and Advanced high-quality and digitally-captured the to the or to Follow the below to the the Software with
Click Advanced then More The following appears. Choose or Black as the Choose from or Click OK to apply the and to the OS users the following to the Software with the other the each each the
OS users, Custom as Custom the Preset You only of OS or users, or the Preset the the with this the The Custom option of OS X. OS users To Advanced then the The Custom appears. the appear the the right of the To Advanced the the the then You If the Advanced when of selected the Advanced the the selected the to The that previously selected affected this To to from the the Software with
The to function the allows to or reduced to the specified This function with OS X. The or reducing specified to the selected the The or reducing selected the Click the the The appears. Select the to then the from the The to the selected. Click OK to apply the the Software with
the You or four and to specify the each to the specified You choose to surrounded OS users the Select from the Select the of to of from the Click to OS users Click the the The appears. The of OS X. the Software with
Select the then The appears. Select the of to of the Software with
Select the which the each Click OK to apply the and to the Select the the the when to the surrounded Click OK to apply the Follow the below to the from of or (PICT) or text as The allows to of the intensity, and of This function with OS X. the The Click the appears. choices selected and the Software with
the then from the the location the where to the the the Also, when to the its the of the with the the the the then the text with the the Click OK to apply the You text or with the following the Software with
To text the The Click the appears. Select the then The Custom appears. Click Text the Custom the Software with
the text the Text the Font and then OK the Text the the then the from the the then OK the Software with To the text from the then Text editing, to OK to the To the text from the then to to the
To should (PICT) Click the the The appears. the then The Custom appears. Click PICT the Custom the Software with
Select the PICT then the the then Select the from the the then OK both of the You the optional Unit. You manually without using the Unit. the specified as to the the Software with To the from the then removing to to the
ENERGY STAR the of the function. to ENERGY STAR information the ENERGY STAR with the Unit Follow the below to with the Unit. OS the Select from the and Click from Top or Right Click the Specify the Margin the front and back of the Select whether the front or back of the to as the Click to OS the The Click the appears. Select the Select from Top or Right Click to the the Software with
Specify the Margin the front and back of the Select whether the front or back of the to as the Click OK to apply the and to the You the Protect. OS users, the and from the then OS users, the the to the the front and the back of the Software with
the selected this the of the Select this to the the specified the this the Automatically to thickness the of the printed. Smoothing intensity. OS users, this to the to the Select Selects Click this to the or without the OK Click this to and to the or The effective and OK the Software with This function with OS X. Select this to the the and switch to the and white. This function with OS X. This function with OS X. OS users, this to the the Temporary to the This function with OS X. This function with OS X.
To the of the from the The information about the the Follow the below to Select Chooser from the Apple Click the of and then the USB that connected to. Click and the EPSON appears. Click and the This function with OS X. OS users, from the instructions. the Function The function allows to the and to them directly from the Follow the instructions this section to the function. You optional to the function. that the correctly the the function. The below of the options. Each option this section. the Software with
the the option. to the below Option the and reprinting. to the the without apply to the and Option of manually manually Turning or Option the the cleared cleared the Software with with cleared with
The option allows to the currently that it directly from the Follow the below to the option. OS users the and from the then the Click the The appears. the On then and the text Click OK The then the the OS users the Software with
as the then the The appears. Select the On then user and the text boxes. the Software with
Click OK The then the the To or this the the The option allows to to the Follow the below to the option. OS the and from the then the Click the The appears. Select the On then and the text Click OK The and the the OS Specify the of to printed, then other as the Software with If to of the first of the the IP browser.
the then the The appears. the On then and the text boxes. Click OK The of and the with information the of the confirmed the the or this using the the instructions. If to thumbnail of the first of the thumbnail the IP the Software with
The option such as The the off the or the function. Follow the below to the option. OS users the and from the then the Click the The appears. Select the On then and the text Click OK The then the the OS as the then the The appears. the Software with
Select the On then and the text boxes. Click OK The the the To or this the the The option allows to apply to the If to thumbnail of the first of the thumbnail Thumbnails the IP the Software with
Follow the below to using the option. OS the and from the then the Click the The appears. Select the On then and the text the the the Click OK The then the the OS users as the then the The appears. the Software with four from through You the when
Select the On then and the text boxes. the the the text Click OK The the the To or this using the the four from through You the when the Software with
EPSON EPSON and information about its Accessing EPSON OS users Click the of The appears. Select from the and the Software with
Click OS users You EPSON selecting the EPSON from the Apple The already selected the Chooser that information from the selected when the EPSON If the correct, If the the Chooser while the the background, to the and products information appears the only the Chooser normally. the Software with
You and information products using the EPSON This operating The and shows the The the shows the graphically. the Software with
Text The text to the the of the the displayed. Clicking this the information the and Information: information the The Information displayed when the information the the Function" Indicates the amount of The toner flashes toner toner The flashes when functional of the toner or occurred. Photoconductor Unit: Indicates the functional of the photoconductor the the type and the amount of the Information the optional displayed only this option the Software with The the of the photoconductor that The to when the
Preferences To from the The appears. The following and appear the Select Notification: the this to the of that to about. To the item to displayed, the The of the item as On or Notification. OK and the the Software with
The what type of occurred and offers The once the cleared. This appear to the selected the Preference when the the selected. To the the follow the instructions below. button: Select the information to the Information the EPSON this selected, the appears the the Software with This function with OS X. To the when finished, the when completed This only the the function"
OS the and from the Click the and the the OS Select Chooser from the Apple and the Click and the the If to information about OS X) or OS If this the the cleared. To the to the function You information the the Information the EPSON the Software with
To the Information the information the then the Information the EPSON The which to printed. the Other users as the the Software with The which This function only with OS The which The which currently. Complete that finished Canceled: that
Computer: the of the connected to the the type. the function used, the displayed as and respectively. About the function, the Function" Selecting and clicking this the selected the to the and Refresh Clicking this refreshes the information this The the displayed the Information the USB If connecting the USB to through USB to using the first the The USB interface the used. If with this type of the USB directly to USB OS the Applications then the and the OS or OS or below) Click the the Software with
Select EPSON USB from the Select the Product then OS or OS or below). OS users Select Chooser from the Apple Click then the USB connected the Software with
Select Background to background or off. Chooser Canceling If the what expected and incorrect or characters or to the follow the instruction below to OS OS or OS or below) and from the Then, from the OS Press the while the Command to the shows the to If this appears, follow instructions the the Software with Background turned the EPSON to background while
background EPSON from the Application Then from EPSON or the that the the Ready light the You the that from the the the to other users. Uninstalling the Software to or the to the software OS users applications, and the EPSON software CD-ROM Double-click the OS Double-click the Double-click If the Authorization appears, the or phrase then OK the Software with
the software appears, the then Select Uninstall from the the then Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions. OS applications, and the EPSON software CD-ROM Double-click the English then the Double-click the Click the software appears, the then Select Uninstall from the the then Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions. the Software with
the Network the This section to the The the the that directly to of them. The that directly connected to the the and the other the which to the with the The the the OS users the which of OS or This with OS operating OS as Follow the below to connected directly to with other Turn the the Software with
Select Chooser from the Apple then Select USB or the Select the right, then The appears. Sharing The appears. Select the this then type the and information as Click OK to apply the the Software with On selected Background
Chooser Accessing the Follow the below to from another the Turn On each from which to the Chooser from the Apple Click then the of the the Select the right. You from the connected to Click the the then OK The appears. Shared Information On selected Background the Software with
The following type of appears the that the Click OK to the Chooser the Software with
Chapter the About the The with the following high- performance features: to You easily art, and graphics. The Helvetica and IES Switch) and SPL (Shared to allow the to switch the and other as received the EPSON reliability, and ease of operation. the following to to the Memory the shown below. optional memory the amount of memory currently the
memory Recommended memory MB* of with this amount of memory, the specifics of the printed. the following to to the To the Microsoft XP, or NT the following XP or There these or or or MB MB free installation) installation) Memory MB MB NT the Recommended MB of
or or MB free Memory MB MB to which the connected OS or or OS or the following OS G3, G4, G5, G3, G4, or Memory MB OS PC MB free MB installation) Memory MB MB The or below. Recommended Recommended The 68K computers. the
active, the to ASCII or inactive, the to ASCII. should the directly to the USB If USB used, that the to the first-tier the with To the to the the sections below instructions to the interface that to the the interface Follow the below to the the interface. EPSON and the when the connected It the the software XP, or NT If information. Turn off protection the software. the
that the turned off. the software CD-ROM CD-ROM or NT to and Then the XP, to and and the The appears. Then Next or to XP, or NT then Next Select LPT1 as the the connected to, then Next Click and specify the following the CD-ROM. If CD-ROM D:, the D:\ADOBEPS\ENGLISH\ \PS_SETUP Then OK XP or the Automatically and and the as The operating or WIN9X XP or WIN2K_XP NT WINNT40 the
Select the then Next or LPT1 as the the connected then Next XP, or NT to the Follow the instructions the of the installation. the the USB interface Follow the below to the the USB interface. EPSON and the when the connected USB It the The USB interface NT or the and the PS with USB already follow the the the interface" to USB as the If USB follow the below. the software XP or If information. the
Turn off protection the software. that the turned off. the software CD-ROM CD-ROM to the with USB then the the USB Select Specify location, then specify the following the CD-ROM. If CD-ROM D:, the D:\ ADOBEPS\ENGLISH \WIN9X\ PS_SETUP Then Next Click Next to search (Recommended) Next then to Next the New Select Search (Recommended) then Next XP or USB automatically. to the as or WIN9X XP or WIN2K_XP the
of the USB the following the on-screen instructions. the the interface" the the interface the sections below to operating and follow the instructions to the the interface. the the to the Network that with Turn off protection the software. XP or users that the turned the software CD-ROM CD-ROM or NT to and Then the XP, to and and the The appears. Then Next Select then Next the
the and TCP/IP from the Click Next Click Next to Specify the IP and then Next Click Click the and the following the CD-ROM. If CD-ROM D:, the D:\ADOBEPS\ENGLISH\WIN2K_XP\PS_SETUP Then OK Select the and Next Follow the on-screen instructions the of the installation. or users the Print. to EpsonNet Print the Network to the instructions. the the the interface" the Automatically and and the as the
the to EpsonNet to the the Network to the instructions. NT users that the turned the software CD-ROM CD-ROM Click to and Then the The appears. Confirm that the selected and Next Click Select LPR and New Specify the IP and then OK Click Confirm that the selected and Next the following the CD-ROM. If CD-ROM D:, the D:\ADOBEPS\ENGLISH\WINNT40\PS_SETUP Then OK Select the and Next Follow the instructions the of the installation. the the as
Accessing the You the directly from from operating The from the when the from the operating should the from to that the From the To the the or from the You to or of these buttons. XP users To the and then Right-click then Preferences or To the to then Right-click then users To the to then Right-click then Preferences the
NT To the to then Right-click then to You the the to with the If the the top-right of the title then the of the that information of the and its options displayed. Notice or The normally the connected to the the interface and the ECP If this the the To the the then the that appears, Select this then OK the function The function allows to the and to them directly from the the Function" the
You optional to the function. that the correctly the the function. The function when using the or NT to clear the On the when outputting as PS The selected that the information attached to the when to the Follow the below to the function when from Click from the Click then the Specify the the that appears. the Collated the Advanced of the with the then or NT the following or NT and the connected through interface using the SelecType to the item to PS3 the to printed. the
On the of the that SEND CTRL-D and SEND CTRL-D Each to TBCP as the On the of the to clear the On the with the Follow the below to the that the OS users that OS or OS the software CD-ROM CD-ROM Double-click the CD-ROM Double-click OS then PS the
The EPSON Software appears, then follow the on-screen instructions. the Click OS the software CD-ROM CD-ROM Double-click the CD-ROM Double-click OS then English Double-click and Then follow the on-screen instructions. Select then OS the Authenticate appears, the and OS the Authenticate appears, the and If connecting or EPSON of the and to the the Network the
Selecting the the to the Selecting the when connected USB OS users If the connected to USB to the from the Chooser. You to the Apple Utility, then the as The when the Follow the below to the and to the USB from 0S the to ASCII To specify this from the of the that then the of the from the options the On the option that appears, ASCII the The often Encoding or the then the Utility. The New appears. Select from the With (USB) the then OK Click USB Selection The USB appears. Select from the of connected USB then OK the
Click to the (PPD) PPD selected, the selected the If the incorrect, then the PPD the USB and PPD selected, warning to to appears. Select Select to The USB displayed the Selecting If the connected through the Ethernet interface or optional OS users Follow the below to the You the Although EPSON appears the interface with the You to the options manually when the connected using USB, IP or the connected the software the to ASCII as the the properly when using IP or the Applications the then OS or OS The appears. the
Click the Select the or the interface that from the Follow the instructions as below to the users: to EPSON with the IP users: to IP EPSON TCP/IP with the selecting IP the IP the then to the USB users: to USB EPSON USB with the Select from the then from the IP Select from the then from the USB Select from the then from the
Click Confirm that to the Then OS or OS OS users Follow the below to the Select Chooser from the Apple that active. Click the and the to the appears the Select OS users If selected the when from the while the the from the selected the USB OS or users: If selected the to the the IP users, USB or users: Select from the then Info from the The Info appears. Select from the then the the
Click The appears. Click Accessing the To and its the The allows to easily the including and OS users To the OS or OS the of then OS users To the Chooser from the Apple then the Select the of the the MAC displayed the the connected through optional to If to than the connected to the
to You the the to with the Follow the below to Click the then the item that with. Information that item displayed floating the You or the to the options OS Follow the below to the Access the The appears. the from the Select Info from the The Info appears. to the then the OS or OS the
OS users Follow the below to the Access the Click the then the the the
the the You the to of that allow to the of products, and This section to the and when to using the to from the and to the fact, the the to software or including the following: the and selecting the IES Switching) Specifying and the interface Choosing the of the memory to to the of the items and the the
the Ready light the to the the and buttons to through the Press the to the items the the LCD displays item and the YYYY=ZZZZ or item YYYY the and buttons to through the items, or the to to the previous Press the to the indicated such as or the or to the such as or the the and buttons to through then the to Press the to to the without the You to the off and then to
Press the to the Press the and buttons to through the The and items appear the shown below. and items appear when optional or Information From this the toner and the service of products. You and showing the and summary of features. Press the or to Press the to or the
Item Sheet Network AUX USB EXT I/F PS3 PS3 Font LJ4 Font ESCP2 Font FX Font I239X Font C/M/Y/K E******F E******F Photocon E******F Unit E******F to to B/W to only the or B/W when the the only when when the Network I/F to ON when optional interface and the turned when the AUX I/F to ON only when the to USB with D4 and turned when the USB I/F to ON the
the (B/W B/W or the B/W only the AUX PS3 Prints sheet showing the and options. These sheets to whether options correctly. Sheet Prints showing the using the currently toner Prints of the optional Prints of the the optional Network showing the of the USB Prints showing the of the USB interface. PS3 Font LJ4 Font ESCP2 Font FX Font I239X Font Prints of the selected the
C Toner/Photocon/Fuser Unit the amount of toner the toner and the service of the photoconductor and the as shown below: This when the the B/W It displays the amount of toner the four toner the of the the of the B/W the of black-white the the to E******F to E***** to E**** to E*** to E** to E*
This allows to the and type of the MP Accessing this the of the currently the The type this from these whenever to the country of purchase. only when the optional installed. MP Select from this LC1 Select the the and optional MP the type the MP LC1 Item A4 A5, B5, LT HLT, GLT, EXE, MON, C10, DL, C6, MP C5, IB5 LC1 A4 LT MP Recycled, Color, Transprncy, LC1 Recycled, the
the type the and optional this to the You specify each interface; other each the to. Since each its own the LJ4, ESC P2, FX, GL2, or I239X as necessary. The choose from the interface. Item LJ4, ESCP2, FX, I239X, PS3, GL2, P5C LJ4, ESCP2, FX, I239X, PS3, GL2, P5C USB LJ4, ESCP2, FX, I239X, PS3, GL2, P5C Network AUX LJ4, ESCP2, FX, I239X, PS3, GL2, P5C only when optional interface when optional P5C This allows to such as and when from or operating that to the to these whenever these the
detected. when the optional Unit the A4 Selecting On the and right from to whether the or Item A4 A5, B5, LT HLT, GLT, EXE, MON, C10, DL, C5, C6, IB5, CTM On A4 On On On Top Top the
the Turning smoother and and graphics. this selected the B/W and B/W the toner the of characters. The characters outlined the right and this selected the the toner the amount of this the of graphics reduced. It reduces the amount of graphics when the reaches the memory allowing to printed. Top to the of the that the the of the the to the of the This the
that the the of the the Top the the back of the when both this the the back where expected. the the back of the when both this the the back where expected. This allows to related to feeding and You this to the LCD the
Item English ESPAOL, SVENSKA, SUOMI, to to of MP, LC1, LC2 Source Normal MP to On Edge Short Edge Normal Thick, Rough On On On On On Protect Stop to to LCD when the option only ESC/P2, FX, or I239X the the LCD and that the the
the of the seconds, when interfaces switched automatically. The the of from the when received from interface the of switching the interface. If the when switching the interface, the the Source whether the from the MP or the optional If from the containing that matches If C5 C6 C10 DL MON or IB5 selected as the from the MP If Thick or as the from the MP MP This whether the MP the highest or lowest when selected as the Source the Normal selected as the MP the MP the highest as the If the MP the lowest priority. Allows to the feed the MP the of to printed, from through the
or off. the of the whether from the front or back of the the type of to The the to this The reduced when Thick or selected. Select when the front of thick Thick Select when the back of thick Thick to when This when the ESCP2, FX, or I239X whether or to when the specified the reached. The which when the time-out reached. the
If to On turn this item the the the the This of the toner that the properly. this item turned off, the this the of when of the following or Overflow. this option off, the to Protect memory as to You to this If appears the LCD this and This reduces the amount of memory to the allow to Protect when selected. You to increase memory memory to the Protect the memory, which to If the item to Stop the know when the toner To this function, this item to the
If this item to the from what expected there enough toner to the LCD the of the LCD the and buttons to the (lowest and (highest This allows to switch the You this to of the toner when the the B/W Item toner B/W KC KM KY KK the B/W toner this function the B/W the
Switches to the B/W which the with toner B/W Switches to the B/W which the with four toner Switches to the which the with the C, M, and toner KC/KM/KY/KK This only when the the B/W the the indicated toner to to This allows to and the Clear Warning Clears warning that these that from products or mandatory-replacement Clear Clears warning that appear the LCD the
and clears the received from the active interface. You to the when there with the and the successfully. clears the memory, and the to their The from interfaces clears from interfaces. to SelecType the to their C/M/Y/K the indicated toner Cartridge" This allows to or that the using the of the function. instructions using this the the
This allows to or the using the of the function. You to the to this instructions this the These the and the when the interface. this item the or the turned While reflected the and EJL read-back, the or the turned I/F Allows to or the interface. the of the ACKNLG when the or selected, the about Normal selected, the about Item I/F* On Normal ECP Normal the
to specify the bidirectional bidirectional the amount of memory to and If selected, memory If selected, memory allocated To off the than seconds then back operation, as the the Ready light flashing when the USB These the and the when using the USB interface. the
this item the or the turned While reflected the and EJL read-back, the or the turned Displayed when USB with D4 connected. The USB I/F Confg to when exiting the Displayed when USB with D4 connected and the USB I/F Confg to The of the the USB Displayed when the IP to This the IP from or PING to the to or PING the displayed. the from the USB I/F Allows to or the USB interface. Item USB I/F On USB HS FS USB Confg IP PING IP to to to NetWare On, On, MS Network On, On, USB I/F Normal the
USB SPEED Allows to the of USB interface. Selecting HS recommended. Select FS HS the amount of memory to and If selected, memory allocated If selected, memory allocated To turn off the than seconds then back operation, as the the Ready light flashing when the Network the Network each AUX the Network each LJ4 These the and when the LJ4 the
only when the optional ROM whether or A4 selected. Item Download, ROM Font Source to Font Pitch Height IBM-US ECM94-1, ISO, ISO, 8859-10ISO, 8859-15ISO, IBM-DN, MsPublishin, Math-8, PsMath, VeMath, UK, ANSI ASCII, Spanish, PcIcelandic, PcCanFrench, PcNordic, ISO, ISO, WiBaltic, WiLatvian, ISO, ISO, ISO, PcHe862, ISO, OCR A, OCR B, HPWARA Source CR CR LF CR Function LF CR LF LF Function 4K 5S Assign the
If normally the HP when should this whenever the LJ4 FontSource the Font the the The the Pitch the pitch the and of fixed-pitch. You from to (characters inch), This item appear the Font Source or Font the height the and You from to This item appear the Font Source or Font Selects the If the selected Font Source and Font the the Font Source and the Font with the IBM-US the
Selects the of the selected and This (VMI) and the VMI the This that the or the based the VMI. Source locations where with ROM to CR Function, LF Function These functions included of operating such as UNIX. Assign the assignment the command. selected, the commands as with the HP 4K selected, the commands as with the HP and 5S selected, the commands as with the HP GL2 This the to allowing to software which The LJ4GL2 to the GL/2 the HP The of the HP-GL commands and includes the commands found GL/2 as as commands. the
Item LJ4GL2 GL A0, A1, A2, A3 Corner Round, through when selected as the GL the GL/2 You to the following options these to they match the trying to HP-GL/2 or HP-GL selection) thickness or Corner offers only LJ4GL2 offers and If to the first switch to the GL/2 then the using the or the the
or the RAM (such as downloaded when the GL whether the of the GL/2 or the HP of GL/2. whether the from the software scaled. The factor based the of the whether the of the the or the of the to choose which then the thickness the through The LJ4GL2 and while the through the which the which through to the thickness of the to the and the LJ4GL2 and through the the
PS3 These the PS3 Item On Coloration* Protect On only the On the Coloration Allows to the or Protect The when selected. The when On selected. to which amount of ESCP2 This allows to which the when the ESC/P the
whether or A4 selected. Font Selects the Pitch Item T, Font S, H, OCR A, OCR Prop. Pitch On inches 0.05-inch T. Margin Text Italic, PcNordic, ISO 8859-15ISO, ISO, ISO, PcHe862, ISO USA Germany, UK, Country Italy, Spain2, LatinAmeric, On CR On LF Light, (or the character with the
Selects the pitch (the of the pitch, measured (characters inch). You choose spacing. or off. T. Margin the from the top of the to the of the first The measured inches. The the the the to the top. Text the this option, to inch). If the or T. Margin the to the each CG Table the character (CG) option to the graphics character or the The graphics graphic characters corners, areas, international characters, characters, and mathematical If the of the character as characters. Country this option to of the international "International character of the characters each countrys CR the
whether the carriage-return/line-feed (CR-LF) operation whenever the the right If the characters the right and character. This function LF If the (LF) with each (CR). If On selected, line-feed with each carriage-return. Select On text The to the graphics with the commands. If the high, and Light the If the to This that This reduce the of the printed, and when graphics. whether the slashed or unslashed FX This allows to which the when it the FX the
Item Font S, OCR A, OCR Pitch On inches 0.05-inch T. Margin Text Italic, PcNordic, PcIcelandic, ISO 8859-15ISO USA Germany, UK, Country Italy, Spain2, LatinAmeric On CR On LF Light, (or the character with whether or A4 selected. Font Selects the Pitch Selects the pitch (the spacing) of the pitch, measured (characters inch). You choose spacing. or off. the
T. Margin the from the top of the to the of the first The measured inches. The the the the to the top. Text the this option, to inch). If the or T. Margin the automatically to the each CG the character (CG) option to the graphics character or the The graphics graphic characters corners, areas, international characters, characters, and mathematical If the of the character as characters. Country this option to of the international "International character of the characters each countrys CR whether the carriage-return/line-feed (CR-LF) whenever the the right If the characters the right and wrapping character. This function applications. LF the
If the line-feed (LF) command with each (CR). If On selected, with each carriage-return. Select On text The to the graphics with the commands. If the high, and Light the If the to This that This reduce the of the printed, and when graphics. Selects whether the slashed or unslashed I239X The I239X IBM commands. These when the the I239X the
whether or A4 selected. whether or A4 selected. Font Selects the Pitch Selects the pitch (the spacing) of the pitch, measured (characters inch). You choose spacing. Selects the character Character the characters and The text based the selected character T. Margin Item Gothic, Font Prop. Pitch inches 0.05-inch T. Margin Text On CR On LF On Graphics Light (or the character with slash) CharacterSet the
the from the top of the to the of the first The measured inches. The the the the to the top. Text the this option, to inch). If the or T. Margin the to the each CR whether the carriage-return/line-feed (CR-LF) operation whenever the the right If this off, the characters the right and character. This function applications. LF If the line-feed (LF) with each (CR). If On selected, line-feed with each carriage-return. Select On Alt.Graphics Turns the Graphics option or off. The to the graphics with the commands. If the high, and Light the the
If the to This that This reduce the of the printed, and when graphics. Selects whether the slashed or unslashed CharacterSet Selects character or the the while turning the to the appears. HDD the the PS3 HDD the where information the which the the the operated. LCD the
the LCD selected, the the backlight of the LCD automatically. the the backlight off. On selected, the LCD backlight the the while turning the to the appear. This function. You to ordinary Item Normal Normal Thick Envelope Highland Scan Scan Normal the The becomes as the increases. Normal the
the of the back of The becomes as the increases. Thick the thick The becomes as the increases. the The becomes as the increases. Envelope the The becomes as the increases. Highland caused that when the locations high Select when the locations high the which to The the as the increases. This when or the first Scan the which to The to the right of the as the increases. This when or the first the
the which to The the as the increases. This when the the of Scan the which to The to the right of the as the increases. This when the of and This section of shown the LCD of each and correcting the that every shown the LCD the displayed the of the warning To that the to the then the The LCD displays the amounts of toners and The This and clear the finished. While the displays this the covers or off the the
The the memory, including the currently or This appears when the than seconds. The the This appears when the and released within seconds. host) The the Cant The it incorrect. that the and used. Cant The type and of the Unit. The of incorrect the Pressing the the of the of the Press the to the to This appears when the switches from the B/W to (The C or appears of and the or respectively.) "Switching the to to switch the the
The from the of the to the of the specified To clear this Clear Warning from the to the instructions. The the match the type the that matches only the To clear this Clear Warning from the to the instructions. Clean Indicates that the to cleaned the cleaning or (indicated as "Cleaning the photoconductor or "Cleaning the instructions. Clean The the to cleaned. To the and specifying the of to of memory (RAM) or the optional If this only the
To clear this Clear Warning from the instruction about the to the The when the B/W or B/W Press the to the or the to the Cooling The its to the fixing Ready to appear the LCD Memory Overflow There enough memory The the front and the To clear this follow the instructions below. If selected as the the the to the back of the or the to the If On selected as the the of HDD The Canceled the
to the optional Either the or the of reached. then the To clear this Clear Warning from the instruction about the "How to the The ejecting to This appears when the once to the offline, then holding the than seconds to command. Format ROM ROM To clear this the or off the and the ROM then the ROM If that to clear the The optional and the from the To clear this Clear Warning from the instruction about the to the HDD CHECK The the the
There memory to the the specified The lowers the that If the of the try simplifying the the of graphics or reducing the and of To clear this Clear Warning from the to the instructions. Turn the off the the to the to You to increase the amount of memory to to the information memory, "Memory There or the properly. Turn off the then the If already turn the off and the it cooled off covers and B. the then properly. covers and B. The clears the properly If the cleared, the of with Photoconductor There photoconductor or the photoconductor properly. Turn off the and the photoconductor the
If photoconductor already cover closed. off the cover D. the photoconductor then properly. cover D. The clears the photoconductor properly TnrCart The indicated toner the (The C or appear of and the and Black respectively.) the indicated Cartridge" The toner or incorrectly. If there toner the If there toner already it and Collector" instructions. AUX I/F Card This that the with the optional interface Turn off the the then The the while or the Press the to clear the HDD Either the optional or with this Turn off the then the the
N/W There or the with service representative. P5C The optional P5C the the B/W or B/W the optional P5C that the the PS3 The ROM Turn off the and ROM The the optional ROM Turn off the then the ROM occurred the loaded. Clear the and the correctly. "Clearing to to clear the The specified the the indicated loaded, then the Overflow The memory to the Press the the to or the to the the
This appears to the through the when the buttons locked. You them using the Network to the Network information. Memory The memory to the To clear this Clear Warning from the to the instructions. To this from memory to as "Memory or reduce the of the to printed. Cartridge The toner toner recommended. toner or from the of products or or Clear of the the to clear the warning Cartridge" instructions the the
The toner toner toner or from the of products or toner recommended. Press the the to The ready to Press the button. Optional RAM The optional memory or incorrect. with WWWW The location where the occurred displayed WWWWW WWWWW the location of the If or locations the locations displayed. Location cover A. instructions to cover A, (cover A)" A, cover B. instructions to cover B, A, (cover and B)" MP, the MP instructions to the MP MP, (MP and A)" the
A, C1 the instructions clearing this type of A, C1 (cover and A, E, the optional C2 instructions clearing this type of A, E, C2 (cover A, E, and optional There the specified of the the The the specified match the the with the and the to or the to the If the without the the the though match the Please Shutdown This appears the toner Turn off the Please The toner to to the the D, B, A, or the covers. the
The to the the the too Press the to or the to the If this appears On as the Protect the or the If to this when simplifying the the of graphics or reducing the and of To this recommended that the Protect to On and memory to the and "Memory PS3 The memory allocated writing commands the optional To clear this Clear Warning from the or the PS to the instruction about the to the RAM CHECK The the RAM. Ready The ready to and the
This appears when the switches to the B/W "Switching the to to switch the The reached the of its service life. Turn the off, then the with Unit" instructions. Photoconductor The photoconductor reached the of its service life. Turn off the then the photoconductor with "Photoconductor Unit" instructions. The clears the then covers. The photoconductor service counter automatically. the light the the from then The indicated toner of toner and to replaced. (The C, M, Y, or appear of and the Yellow, and Black respectively.) Cartridge" instructions. The toner of with toner Collector" instructions. the
JobCanceled The the of using the function. The of the reached, or the memory to To previously Also, those memory To clear this Clear Warning from the instruction about the to the The interface and the cleared. other interfaces active and their and to the or to the that to while the Press the to clear this The become effective finished. Alternatively clear this or the the ROM CHECK The the ROM. SELF TEST the
The currently and Service Cffff/Service or detected. Turn off the least seconds, then back If the appears, write the the LCD off the the cord, then service The currently the This when the This selecting or from the the instructions. TonerCart read/write occurred the indicated toner (The C or appear of and the Yellow, and Black respectively.). the toner and them. If that to clear the the toner To the indicated Cartridge" Turn the MP correctly. the and correctly the MP Clear The clear the the the
This that the toner the indicated the of its service life. toner Warming The the to ready to Near The toner of Worn This that the near the of its service life. this appears guaranteed. Turn the off, then the cooled off Then the with Unit" instructions. The clears the and covers. Worn Photoconductor This that the photoconductor the of its service life. this appears guaranteed. Turn the off, then the photoconductor with "Photoconductor Unit" instructions. The clears the and the covers. Worn Unit This that the the of its service life. the
To clear this warning and Clear Warning from the instruction about the to the ROM The to write the ROM correctly. You the ROM the ROM ROM Writing ROM A/Writing ROM This that ROM the Please this and the optional the and options of the function and the the option from the Follow the instructions this section. the Follow the below to or and the LCD displays Ready or then to the the Press the repeatedly appears the LCD then the the
the or to to the then the the or to to the then the To the of to the then the and buttons to the of Press the to or to the the Follow the below to or the LCD Ready or then to the the Press the repeatedly appears the LCD then the the or to to the then the To the without the to the LCD the
using the buttons, as shown below. the or to to the then the To the of to the then the and to the of Press the to or to the the four of from through If with the appears the LCD then the the Confirm the and To the the to the LCD
Sheet To the of the and that the options correctly, the Follow the below to Turn the The LCD shows Ready Press the three The Confirm that the information about the options correct. If the options correctly, they appear If the options listed, them. If the options correctly, that they securely connected to the If to the to the
the the option information manually. Optional Canceling You from the To from "Canceling or "Canceling the The the and to Pressing this the currently Pressing the than seconds from the memory, including the currently or the Selecting from the clears the from the active interface, and clears that occurred the interface. Follow the below to the Press the to the Press the appears the LCD then the the
Press the to Press the canceled. The ready to Switching the You the B/W with toner or B/W with four toner the the following sections to to switch the to B/W Follow the below to switch from the to B/W the LCD displays Ready or then the to the Press the repeatedly appears the LCD then the Press the repeatedly B/W displayed, then the the LCD displays the currently toner toner instructions to toner toner from the the to the B/W the
to B/W Follow the below to switch from the to B/W the LCD displays Ready or then to the the Press the repeatedly appears the LCD then the Press the repeatedly B/W displayed, then the the LCD displays to the currently toner and toner instructions to toner the users: If EPSON that the Cartridges the Optional selected. The Optional appears clicking the the Optional OS users: the to the OS or OS or below), and then the If the toner the to the Follow the instructions that appear the LCD
toner the the to the B/W B/W to Follow the below to switch from the B/W to the LCD displays Ready or then to the the Press the button repeatedly appears the LCD then the Press the repeatedly displayed, then the the LCD displays TnrCart toner of the indicated as C or the toner instructions to toner users: If EPSON that the Cartridges the Optional selected. The Optional appears clicking the the Optional OS users: the to applications, the using OS or OS or below), and then the the
toner the to the B/W to B/W Follow the below to switch from the B/W to B/W the LCD displays Ready or then to the the Press the repeatedly appears the LCD then the Press the repeatedly B/W displayed, then the the LCD displays TnrCart toner the toner instructions to toner the If the toner the to the Follow the instructions that appear the LCD users: If EPSON the Cartridges the Optional The Optional appears clicking the the Optional OS users: the to the using OS or OS or below), and then the
three toner installed, the to the B/W B/W to B/W Follow the below to switch from the B/W to B/W the LCD displays Ready or then to the the Press the repeatedly appears the LCD then the Press the repeatedly B/W displayed, then the the LCD displays the currently toner toner instructions to toner three of the toner from the the to the B/W B/W to Follow the below to switch from the B/W to If the toner the to the Follow the instructions that appear the LCD the
the LCD displays Ready or then to the the Press the repeatedly appears the LCD then the Press the repeatedly displayed, then the the LCD displays to the currently toner and toner of the indicated as C or toner instructions to toner three of the toner the toner the to the the If the toner the to the Follow the instructions that appear the LCD users: If EPSON the Cartridges the Optional The Optional appears clicking the the Optional OS users: the to applications, the OS or OS or below), and then the
Optional Unit about the and that with the optional "Optional specifications, "Optional to the following the option: The about One should to or people should the from the shown below.
the these areas. Warning: If the incorrectly, and the optional Follow the below to the optional Turn the off and the and interface the optional of the then the protective the the optional where to the Then, the the optional each of the corners with those of the then the securely the
cover E. Warning: people should the the
the optional to the with the plates and screws. cover E. the to the of the with the and screw.
the interface and cord, then the To that the option correctly, users: If EPSON to manually the Optional users: attached or options, to the OS OS or below), or Chooser OS and then the the optional Turn off the and the Unit specifications or about the and that with the Unit, Unit" the Unit Follow the below to the optional Unit. Turn the off and the and interface
the MP the cover to the and the cover.
the screws the cover MP. the MP from A. the Unit of its
the the notches the Unit.
the of the Unit and the Unit to the with the screws. cover and the MP To that the option correctly, users: If EPSON to manually the Optional users: attached or to the OS OS or below), or Chooser OS and then the
with the Unit" with the Unit" information about the Unit Turn off the and the The optional allows to the input when the Ethernet interface used, and memory graphics, and the Follow the below to the the to electricity touching grounded of Warning: when the as and injury.
Turn the off and the cord. the four screws from the cover the back of the
the cover with both and to the the Warning: when touching the board the back
the with the four screws the both the the HDD and that the as shown below. You should from the board. the
the cover to the back of the and with the four screws. To that the option correctly, users: If EPSON to manually the Optional users: attached or options, to the OS OS or below), or Chooser OS and then the the the to electricity touching grounded of
Warning: when the as and injury. Turn off the and the Memory Memory (DIMM), increase memory to MB. You to memory graphics. This memory MB DIMM already the of To increase memory than MB, to the MB DIMM first and then optional memory Follow the below to optional memory memory to electricity touching grounded of Warning: when the as and injury. Turn the off and the and interface
the four screws from the cover the back of the the with both and to Warning: when touching the the back cover
the RAM the memory vertically the the that the force the memory the to the memory facing the You should from the board. the
the cover to the back of the and with the four screws. the interface and and the To that the option correctly, users: If EPSON to manually the Optional users: attached or to the using OS OS or below), or Chooser OS and then the
memory memory to electricity touching grounded of static-sensitive Warning: when the as and injury. Turn off the and the Interface Card with interface optional interface to interface options. interface Follow the below to optional interface the interface to electricity touching grounded of Turn the off and the and interface
screws the interface cover and the cover. and the interface the firmly, then the screw as shown below. the interface and and the To that the option correctly,
Removing interface interface to electricity touching grounded of Turn off the and the P5C The P5C as option this This allows to the the P5C ROM Follow the below to the ROM the ROM to electricity touching grounded of static-sensitive Warning: when the as and injury. Turn the off and the and interface
the four screws from the cover the back of the the with both and to Warning: when touching the the back cover
the ROM the ROM the the There ROM and to the ROM force the ROM the to the ROM the the ROM the ROM (P).
the cover to the back of the and with the four screws. the and the To that the option correctly, If P5C as the try the that securely seated the ROM the board. Removing the P5C ROM the ROM to electricity touching grounded of Warning: when the as and injury. Turn off the and the
Chapter Products the following the LCD or the of EPSON the products. You to appears, early to and the of To clear the warning, Clear Warning from the If reaches the of its service life, the and displays the following the LCD or the of EPSON this the the products. LCD Worn Photoconductor The photoconductor reached the of its service life. Worn The reached the of its service life. Worn Unit The the of its service life. Products
LCD The indicated toner empty. to to the Photoconductor The toner The C, M, Y, or appear this indicating the of the toner to replaced. the that the amount of toner the toner appear the LCD other products. or Photoconductor displayed the LCD the the The the LCD from or Photocondctor to or Worn Photoconductor when with If what expected, the The with might the If the the Products
Cartridge the following when the products: toner recommended. toner or from the of products or toner them smooth If toner from cool to least hour to from Warning: the the toner from If toner or clothes, off with and immediately. products of the reach of of products fire, as they and of them to If toner and or cloth with and to the fire or they with cleaner. Products
toner Follow the below to toner of the C or displayed the LCD D. the toner and Products
the toner from the the protective off of the and the toner the toner of its and the protective cover from the toner Products
the the the toner cover. Products
D. Photoconductor Unit the following when the products: The photoconductor to the when carrying the photoconductor to light than three to scratch the of the Also, touching the from permanently its and To the quality, the photoconductor to sunlight, or (such as locations to or or humidity. Products
the photoconductor to the protective cover to the photoconductor and the sealed and the which the photoconductor and the photoconductor Warning: of the products fire, as and of to the photoconductor Follow the below to the photoconductor the toner and the cover D. Products the products of the reach of
the from the the of its the to the the toner Products
the off and cover the the toner with Turn the the front of the photoconductor as shown below. Products If to the toner with the facing to the toner from
the of the photoconductor and to the photoconductor the the photoconductor of its and the protective cover. the the top of the or the photo the Products
the photoconductor its and the the Turn the back to the Products
the cleaning and and the toner the Products
cover D. Unit the following when the products. the of the Doing Warning: The the Turn the off and the the Products of the products fire, as and injury. of to the products of the reach of
the Follow the below to the Turn off the and the the cover to the and the cover. cover B. Products
Turn the both of the to them. the of the as shown below. Products
the of its and the protective cover. the the and the that the the the of the Products
Turn the both of the to them. covers and A. Products that the completely the
Collector the following when the products. toner found the toner Warning: of the products fire, as and of to the toner Follow the below to the toner and the cover D. the products of the reach of Products
the toner the off and the toner with Products the toner that with the facing to the toner from
the toner the the from the the of its the to the Products
cover D. Products
Chapter Cleaning and Transporting the Cleaning the The cleaning. If the outer or off the and clean it with cloth with or thinner to the cover. These chemicals the and the to the or Cleaning and Transporting the
Cleaning the the the Gently the with cloth. Cleaning and the
the the cover. Cleaning the that the turned off, then the MP Cleaning and Transporting the
the of the the MP with cloth. the MP Cleaning the photoconductor cover and the toner Cleaning and Transporting the
the cleaning and and cover D. Cleaning the cover and the toner the toner that something the completely and the cleaned effectively. the toner that something Cleaning and Transporting the
the and and cover D. Transporting the If to the and Follow the below to Turn off the and the following items: Cleaning and Transporting the the cleaning completely and the cleaned effectively. Interface
the protective the then the its to the following when to the If the its own, people should and the Follow the below to the Turn off the and the following items: Loaded Cartridge Photoconductor options the photoconductor to the instructions. Interface Loaded Cartridge Photoconductor Cleaning and Transporting the
to the the as shown below. the Cleaning and the options the photoconductor to the instructions. the these areas.
the relocating the choose location that easy operation and the following as the amount of around the to smooth operation. shown the below To and of the following the indicated amount of to considerations, the following when to the The optional to the of the Cleaning and Transporting the
the where easily the cord. the and from of interference, such as or the of telephones. outlet that switches or timers. of information and memory. around the to allow Cleaning and Transporting the locations that to sunlight, heat, or outlets that other grounded that matches the outlet that the this
Chapter Troubleshooting Clearing If becomes the the LCD and EPSON Precautions clearing to the following when clear force. Torn to and might other to tearing. to with both to tearing If torn and the or this chapter, that the type that the as the the Troubleshooting
Warning: to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding (cover A) Follow the below to clear cover A. that the MP Troubleshooting the as and
the MP the cover to the and the cover the trays, closing the MP Troubleshooting
If the optional Unit of to tear the Troubleshooting If the optional Unit the Unit. and sheets of to tear the Warning: to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, cover and B, then to allow the heat to
cover A. Then the MP and the A, (cover and B) Follow the below to clear cover and B. that loaded the MP the MP the trays, closing the MP Troubleshooting
the to the and the cover If the optional Unit sheets of to tear the Troubleshooting
If the optional Unit the Unit. and sheets of to tear the Warning: to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, cover and B, then to allow the heat to Troubleshooting
cover B. the holding the and sheets of to tear the Troubleshooting
Turn the both of the to them. Warning: to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, cover and B, then to allow the heat to If the covers and A. If the to the Warning: to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, cover and B, then to allow the heat to Troubleshooting
the of the the If the the the the back of the to Troubleshooting
the the that the the the of the Turn the both of the to them. Troubleshooting
covers and A. the MP and the MP, (MP and A) Follow the below to clear the MP and cover A. that the MP Troubleshooting
Gently of that the the MP the trays, closing the MP Troubleshooting
the cover to the and the cover If the optional Unit of to tear the Troubleshooting
cover A. Then the MP and the A, C1 (cover and Follow the below to clear cover and the If the optional Unit the Unit. and of to tear the Warning: to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, cover and B, then to allow the heat to Troubleshooting
that the MP the MP Troubleshooting the trays, closing the MP
the to the and the cover If the optional Unit of to tear the Troubleshooting
cover A. Troubleshooting If the optional Unit the Unit. and sheets of to tear the Warning: to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, cover and B, then to allow the heat to
the Then the to from the Gently of that the Troubleshooting
the the MP and the A, E, C2 (cover A, E, and optional Follow the below to clear cover A, C, and the optional that the MP Troubleshooting
the MP the cover to the and the cover the trays, closing the MP Troubleshooting
If the optional Unit installed, sheets of to tear the Troubleshooting If the optional Unit the Unit. and of to tear the
A. E. Warning: to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, cover and B, then to allow the heat to Troubleshooting
Gently sheets of that the cover E. the optional Then the to from the optional Troubleshooting
Gently of that the the the optional the MP and the Troubleshooting
To the of the and that the options correctly, the or the To from the To from the or Macintosh, The Ready light What to The properly the The outlet switch or The (Ready light off) What to Troubleshooting Turn off the the the and the then the back that the switch turned or another the outlet to whether the operating properly.
Press the once to switch The offline. the to ready The Ready light nothing What to properly the illustrated the connected to the The interface both of the interface securely. the and the If the interface, to the the You the If the interface, interface that the double-shielded, twisted-pair interface than length. occurred. the LCD to appears. The correctly that the the correctly the software that the selected properly software. memory too to the of The optional What to If the USB interface, Revision reducing the of the software, or memory Troubleshooting
users, EPSON users, the The appear or too to only) What to Bidirectional that the and connected with the Select the bidirectional the of the XP, NT or or the or Then the information the Info Troubleshooting users: You to EPSON or manually the EPSON or Optional users: attached or to the OS OS or below), or Chooser OS and then the
Printout The What to You the The selected that the information. Printout What to The interface that both of the interface securely. securely. You the If the interface, interface that the double-shielded, twisted-pair interface than length. The the Specify the the correct. If correctly, or service the choose the as the If using the USB interface, Revision Troubleshooting
The What to The and incorrectly The the incorrect. the the MP which the incorrect. specified with the the MP the the Graphics correctly What to The that incorrect. the the LJ4 that to You memory. Graphics amounts of memory. memory "Memory to the What to Troubleshooting that the and
The the to the to to the the What to toner toner "Switching the instructions. Cartridges Select the Cartridges selected the Black selected as the this to Color. the The the The when from What to that the Troubleshooting
and the to the More the then If the the the each about the More or The from what the What to Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and while typically CMYK yellow, and the Profile To apply ColorSync properly, input and the ColorSync, and Profile PhotoEnhance selected The PhotoEnhance corrects the the and brightness of the and Troubleshooting Although to match perfectly, selecting the ICM XP, or or ColorSync matching the and the Macintosh.
Quality The background or What to You the If the of too rough, type of characters appear or EPSON or smooth, high-quality recommended types" information choosing The the Turn off the Clean three with only character White appear the What to The the Turn off the Clean internal three with character of and Clean and dirty. "Cleaning the instructions. There with the the photoconductor photoconductor "Photoconductor Unit" Troubleshooting
or tone What to or or There toner the If the the LCD or toner EPSON that the amount of toner the toner Cartridge" There with the the photoconductor photoconductor "Photoconductor Unit" The Highland correctly location high Half-tone What to or or to that unwrapped. There toner the If the the LCD or toner EPSON that the amount of toner the toner Cartridge" The too On the the when graphics. More the then Smooth. There with the the photoconductor photoconductor "Photoconductor Unit" Troubleshooting Select as the Highland when location high instructions
What to or or You using the EPSON or smooth, type of high-quality recommended types" information choosing The the Turn off the Clean internal dusty. three with character There with the the photoconductor photoconductor "Photoconductor Unit" the What to or This to the The higher the the the the or You using the If the of too rough, type of characters appear or EPSON or smooth, high-quality recommended types" information choosing Troubleshooting
Completely What to The the and than to the then the There toner the If the the LCD or toner EPSON that the amount of toner the toner Cartridge" The with or interface If ejected, the with the Turn off the and The the incorrect. the the There with the the photoconductor photoconductor "Photoconductor Unit" MP which the incorrect. specified with specify the the MP the the The light or What to or or Troubleshooting
The Turn off the using the or the To the using the the Advanced the and the More the the More that appears. There toner the If the the LCD or toner EPSON that the amount of toner the toner Cartridge" There with the the photoconductor photoconductor "Photoconductor Unit" The of the What to the Clean internal path. three with character Memory What to Troubleshooting
The the of memory, and the the that the memory What to The memory memory or temporarily the memory to What to The of printed. memory to the of or memory. information memory, "Memory feed properly What to Troubleshooting to the If memory or temporarily the
The that the the correctly. the The that selected the correct. There the the selected The of from that the the the Source and MP Too that to the MP or too of the capacity each "MP or "Optional If feed from the optional the properly. To options correctly, The AUX /IF Card appears the LCD What to The the Turn off the then the optional interface the interface of instructions the "Optional Unit" Troubleshooting
feed from the optional What to The optional "Optional Unit" properly. instructions optional The selected the correct. There the the selected Too sheets that to the with too of the the "Optional The correctly. that the selected the the when the optional What to The the "Clearing optional to clear option What to Troubleshooting
users: The option the You to manually the Optional Correcting USB If with USB below, and recommended USB USB or the of USB or both of these should the directly to the USB If USB that the to the first-tier users: attached or options, to the using OS OS or below), or Chooser OS and then the Troubleshooting
operating with XP, or that with and to or that with or and to XP. You to or the USB that these specifications or that with built-in USB about software Incorrect or software to USB of the following and the recommended to installation. Checking software XP, or XP, or follow the the with the to the software. Microsofts Universal instead. To the follow the below. the then right-click the of Click Preferences the shortcut that appears, then right-click anywhere the Troubleshooting
the Not appears the process, If to the software XP or the Software appears the process, If STOP to the software Checking software and If the or the the USB or the software incorrectly Follow the below to that the and software correctly. The shown this section from slightly. If About displayed the shortcut that appears, If with the appears, the software as the If About displayed, the software correctly. Troubleshooting
Access the "Accessing the then the Troubleshooting
Right-click the then Properties. Click the If EPUSBX: displayed the to the following then the USB and software correctly. If the displayed, to the Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting If correctly EPSON USB should appear the
If EPSON USB Devices appear the the Other to the If USB or appears Other the software correctly. Proceed to If neither USB appears Other Refresh or the USB from the then the Once confirmed that these items appear, to Troubleshooting
Other USB or then OK Troubleshooting the following appears, OK then OK to the
Uninstall the software as "Uninstalling the Software" Turn the off, then the software as the and You the and the LCD information, and Canceling You from using the or from the To from "Canceling or Macintosh, "Canceling The the and to instructions, "Canceling the The this section those that when with the instructions to the Troubleshooting
The correctly the What to The The to the incorrect. that the the received and the there where the the this manually to PS3 The the interface that incorrect. The What to The selected the when the the B/W or B/W and The to selected the OS X). Troubleshooting the through the SelecType the The individually each interface which the the interface using to PS3 the through the SelecType the Select the Black the Clear the to the
The as selected the Option the OS only). incorrect that the selected. that to selected. OS users The Downloadable Fonts the option the selected. The the to other than or PS3 the interface that Printouts and white though the to the OS only) when with AL-2600 that to the What to The Conversion to Select from the Conversion the Clear the as the Option the Clear the Downloadable Fonts the to or PS3 Troubleshooting
The or that to appear the OS OS or Chooser OS What to GX OS This GX. GX. The the then the The the OS incorrect. OS or Chooser OS then the that the connected to. The the from that the What to The The the that the that other the Troubleshooting
users The to to the Table the of the turned the the or The correctly specified the of the XP or The What to The the to PS3 the interface that The of and/or smooth What to The Quality to the Quality to Quality. The Increase the memory. memory. If the to to the Table the of the turned the they printed. Specify the using the Font Specify the using the Font the to PS3 the interface that then try the Troubleshooting
The normally the interface only) What to The connected to the the interface and the to the ECP The normally the USB interface What to The Format the to ASCII or TBCP. users The Format the to ASCII. Troubleshooting that the correct. The when connected to the the USB interface. that the Format which clicking Advanced the of the to ASCII or TBCP. If XP, the the Properties, then the and ASCII or TBCP. The when connected to the the USB interface. that the Format which clicking from the to ASCII.
The normally the interface What to The Format from the specified the OS X) The something other than and the Format to ASCII or NT users On selected the The connected to the using 2000/NT and the CTRL+D Each or CTRL+D Each the of the to users The too users the interface. If the created that allows to the or such as Photoshop, that the the matches that the If the something other than that the Format to ASCII or or to ASCII (Macintosh). active and ON selected, the normally. to clear the On the of the that both the CTRL+D Each and CTRL+D Each to Click Advanced the of the then the Format from ASCII to Click Advanced the of the then the Format from ASCII to Troubleshooting
only) What to The of the OS that This unsupported. OS or and OS or memory to only) What to The memory the to Troubleshooting of the following to free memory the RAM cache the Memory OS that Increase the memory the that from OS Turn off background
Customer Contacting Customer If operating properly and the using the troubleshooting information services Warranty information to EPSON Customer They to them the following information: Product (The the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with Customer
Technical to and the section of EPSON the and other downloadables. Technical with that the troubleshooting information Customer
Technical Specifications the of or type of the the of type of of purchasing or and reduce or and other type and The should covered completely, with Thick to EPSON EPSON Colored Non-coated with and of with Technical Specifications
that should You the following this It and other black-and-white black-and-white or Previously other black-and-white black-and-white or thermal thermal-sensitive or that high-temperature-sensitive (around C) that easily or that cover the completely Coated or that or perforated that or that attracts electricity or of thickness thick or thin that too smooth or too rough that the front and back that curled, or torn Technical Specifications
of or that right corners Printable The the Technical Specifications
and electrophotographic 2400RIT Continuous and white (with feed: or A4, A5, LT, B5 and of EPSON supply: MP to sheets of to to to sheets of to of to of to and capacity: to sheets of to Technical Specifications
or other (LJ4 and RAM: MB, to MB to 35C to 90F) Humidity: to RH HP-GL/2 (GL2 ESC/P (ESC/P ESC/P (FX IBM (I239X Not to 35C to 95F) Not to RH Technical Specifications
Mechanical (about the and options Technical Specifications
Completely suspended. with the and U.S. V-120 V-240 Rated Rated to to tion to to UL CSA EMC FCC Class CSA C108.8 Class V, L481A L481A MAX Technical Specifications
Australian This as Class the U.S. of Health and Services (DHHS) Radiation Performance to the Radiation Health and of This that the radiation. Since the completely within protective housings and covers, the from the phase of operation. Technical Specifications Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN EMC AS/NZS CISPR22 Class
CDRH The Devices and Health (CDRH) of the U.S. Food and Administration regulations products products the United States. The shown below with the CDRH and attached to products the United States. Interfaces interface the IEEE 1284-I interface ECP USB interface USB High Technical Specifications
with USB and OS or and XP, or the USB interface. USB to USB as the interface to to the USB with USB USB as interface. USB with XP, and operating If operating or USB interface. Ethernet interface You IEEE 100BASE-TX/10 BASE-T straight-through shielded, twisted-pair interface with RJ45 Ethernet Interface the Technical Specifications
and Products Optional This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. Product C12C802211 A4 and (LT) to to feed: One mounted feed to sheets types: EPSON supply: V/0.3 and V/0.35 the EU-114* and Height: Width: Depth: including Technical Specifications
Unit Product C12C802221 A4, A5, (LT), B5, and (EXE) to to feed: feed types: EPSON supply: V/0.1 and V/1.0 the EU-115* and Width: Depth: This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. Memory DRAM type: Synchronous RAM memory (SDRAM DIMM)* Memory MB, MB, MB, MB, or MB specifically EPSON products Technical Specifications
This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. If toner from cool to least hour to from Photoconductor Product C12C824172* Capacity: GB Product (High capacity/Standard capacity): to C to 95F) to RH Product to C to F) (High capacity/Standard capacity): (High capacity/Standard capacity): Black (High capacity): Technical Specifications
humidity: to RH and toner included the when purchase photoconductor Product to C to F) humidity: to RH EU-116* This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. toner Product to C to 95F) humidity: to RH The of with the toner the type of included the when purchase toner Technical Specifications
C Information about Fonts Working with Fonts EPSON Fonts Only) EPSON easily and of Normally, creation laborious to such as Stop and OCR-B, to the characters themselves. EPSON Fonts to such automatically, allowing to easily that to of EPSON Fonts the following of EPSON OCR-B EAN EPSON Creates EAN EAN-8 EPSON Creates EAN EAN-13 UPC-A EPSON Creates UPC-A UPC-A UPC-E EPSON Creates UPC-E UPC-E Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
EPSON of OCR-B and specified with the EPSON Creates Interleaved EPSON ITF of of (ITF) OCR-B and specified with the EPSON of OCR-B and specified with the To EPSON should the following Information about EPSON CD EPSON CD EPSON EPSON ITF CD EPSON ITF CD EPSON ITF EPSON CD EPSON CD EPSON
Computer: IBM PC or IBM with or higher CPU Microsoft XP, NT or to KB free the EPSON with EPSON Fonts Follow the below to EPSON The the other operating nearly the that the off and that the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM Click the software appears, the and then Click Installation. If the section appears, country. If the EPSON appear automatically, the right-click the CD-ROM and OPEN the that appears. Then Information about C C C C C C C C C C C C
Select Installation, and then the that appears, Information about
Click Custom the EPSON Font and then Then follow the on-screen instructions. OK EPSON Fonts Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
with EPSON Follow the below to and EPSON The featured these instructions Microsoft WordPad. The slightly when from other applications. and the characters to Select the characters, then Font from the Format Information about
the EPSON Font to the then OK The characters selected appear as characters to those shown below. XP, NT or than when Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
Select from the EPSON then the following both EPSON C2600 and EPSON users, the section the below. Information about Fonts
Click OK to the Black Black Text Text* Text Text* Quality Not selected Not selected Not selected selected Not selected Not Not selected Not selected selected Graphic the through the Optional High Quality the through the Optional High Quality These when the selected the the Advanced selected, Click the More and the to Information about Based Based C C C C C C C C C C C C
Notes and formatting Please the following when and formatting characters: apply or character formatting, such as or and white only. rotating characters, of and Turn off character and features that or reduce the of characters only the or Turn off features To easily distinguish from other text to text such as characters such as and when EPSON Font selected, the characters than originally input. Information about Fonts If there the character such as the as appears the
the recommended Font specifications" the EPSON Font other with readers. the or the or of the with readers. and the Font This section the character input specifications each EPSON EPSON EAN-8 EAN-8 of the EAN the automatically, only characters input. The following and input hand: Left/Right Left/Right Character type to of characters characters Font to to XP/2000/NT Recommended and Information about C C C C C C C C C C C C
OCR-B EPSON EAN-8 EPSON EAN-13 EAN-13 the EAN the automatically, only characters input. Character type to of characters characters to to XP/2000/NT Recommended and The following and input hand: Left/Right Left/Right Information about
OCR-B EPSON UPC-A UPC-A the specified the American Universal Product (UPC Only UPC supported. Supplementary The following and input hand: Left/Right Left/Right EPSON EAN-13 Character type to of characters characters Font to to XP/2000/NT Recommended and Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
OCR-B EPSON UPC-A EPSON UPC-E UPC-E the UPC-A specified the American Universal Product (UPC Specification The following and input hand: Left/Right Left/Right Information about Character type to of characters characters Font to to XP/2000/NT Recommended and
OCR-B The EPSON allowing to and the insertion of and OCR-B. The height of the to or of its length, to the this reason, to least the and the surrounding text to should input as or the with or other than Font and input the If input while selected, the correct. EPSON UPC-E Information about C C C C C C C C C C C C
The following automatically and input hand: Left/Right character EPSON EPSON CD EPSON EPSON CD Information about Character type characters (A to Z, to of characters Font OCR-B used: or to XP/2000/NT Recommended and OCR-B used: or to XP/2000/NT Recommended and
EPSON A, B, and C. the of of characters the of the The height of the to or of its length, to the this reason, to least the and the surrounding text to the the of or containing correctly from that from the of or or the with or other than Font and input the If input while selected, the correct. The following and input hand: Left/Right character Character type ASCII characters of characters Font to to XP/2000/NT Recommended and Information about C C C C C C C C C C C C
character EPSON EPSON ITF The EPSON ITF to the USS Interleaved 2-of-5 (American). EPSON ITF allowing to and the insertion of and OCR-B. The height of the to or of its length, to the Interleaved 2-of-5 this reason, to least the and the surrounding text to Interleaved of characters as there of characters, EPSON ITF to the of the character Information about Character type to of characters
The following and input hand: Left/Right character The to the of character as Font OCR-B used: or to XP/2000/NT Recommended and EPSON ITF EPSON ITF CD EPSON ITF EPSON ITF CD OCR-B used: or to XP/2000/NT Recommended and Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
EPSON allowing to and the insertion of and OCR-B. The height of the to or of its length, to the this reason, to least the and the surrounding text to or Stop character input, the character. If neither Stop character input, these characters input as the A. Information about Fonts Character type to of characters
Font OCR-B used: or to XP/2000/NT Recommended and The following and input hand: Left/Right character (when input) Check EPSON EPSON CD EPSON EPSON CD OCR-B used: or to XP/2000/NT Recommended and Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
The following the that The of the appear softwares the with the If using of these The with the shown below, to the LJ4/GL2 Font Family HP Italic, ITC ITC CG Italic, CG CG Italic, CG Univers Italic, Univers Italic, Olive Olive Information about Univers Univers
Italic, New Italic, New Helvetica Helvetica Narrow Italic, ITC ITC Light, Light ITC Italic, New Century Italic, New Century Schoolbook Schoolbook Italic, ITC Chancery ITC Chancery Gothic Gothic Information about Fonts Helvetica Helvetica Narrow ITC Gothic C C C C C C C C C C C C
OCR OCR EAN/UPC selecting software, choose the the HP the or the or of the OCR A, OCR B, and EAN/UPC and the Information about Fonts
ESC/P and FX ESC/P2 the density, or the or of the OCR and OCR and the I239X Font Family EPSON EPSON EPSON Gothic New EPSON OCR OCR Font Family EPSON EPSON Gothic EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Information about C C C C C C C C C C C C
OCR the or the or of the the OCR and the PS The Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Italic, Italic, and P5C Scalable Font Font Font New Gothic New Gothic New Gothic New Helvetica Helvetica Information about Fonts Font Font
Helvetica Helvetica CG Helvetica Narrow CG Helvetica Narrow CG Helvetica Narrow CG Helvetica Narrow CG CG CG CG ITC Gothic ITC Gothic Univers ITC Gothic Univers ITC Univers ITC Light Univers ITC Univers ITC Light Univers ITC Univers New Century Schoolbook Univers New Century Schoolbook Olive New Century Schoolbook Information about C C C C C C C C C C C C
Olive New Century Schoolbook Olive ITC Chancery ITC Font Font You of the each the Information Follow these to that loaded. the LCD displays Ready or then the Press the to the the Press the to the selected Information about Fonts
You of to include this instructions Selecting software instructions. If text to the directly from DOS or software that include selection, the when the LJ4, ESC/P FX, or I239X Downloading Fonts that downloaded, or to the they printed. Downloaded memory off the or otherwise If downloading memory. easy to their The the option of the downloaded whenever or only when to Information about C C C C C C C C C C C C
EPSON Font Only) EPSON Font with software To EPSON Font should the following Computer: IBM PC or IBM with or higher CPU Microsoft XP, NT or or higher At least MB of free EPSON Font Follow the below to EPSON Font that the off and that the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM Click the software appears, the then Information about If the selection appears, country. If the EPSON appear automatically, the right-click the CD-ROM OPEN the that appears, then
Click Installation. Select and then the that appears, Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
Click Custom the EPSON Font and Then follow the on-screen instructions. OK EPSON Font Information about
Introduction to of of these the international characters to each software and automatically, to the writing or software that to the following sections which to should which to with the which and which choose. the LJ4 The following LJ4 typefaces Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
Typefaces CG Universe Gothic Typefaces CG Universe Gothic Typefaces CG Universe Gothic Information about Fonts IBM-US (10U) (8U) ECM94-1 (0N) ISO (2N) ISO (5N) 8859-10ISO (6N) IBM-DN (11U) (12U) (17U) (9T) (19U) (9E) (5T) (1U) UK (1E) (0S) (0I) Spanish (2S) (1G) (0D) (1F) (4U) 8859-15ISO (9N) (13U) (26U) (9J) (19L) (7J) (10J) (9U) (12J) MsPublishi (6J) (15U) (6M) (13J) (14J) PsMath (5M) Math-8 (8M)
The typefaces to those below: Typefaces CG Universe Gothic CG Universe Gothic ANSI ASCII (0U) (3R) (14R) (9R) (10N) (12G) (10G) (9G) (12N) (8G) Information about C C C C C C C C C C C C
CG Univers Olive New Helvetica Helvetica Narrow ITC Gothic ITC New Century Schoolbook ITC Chancery International character ISO The following the international character ISO. Character ANSI ASCII (0U) (0F) (0S) UK (1E) HP (1S) Chinese (2K) IRV (2U) (4S) IBM Spanish (6S) Information about Fonts (0D) HP (0G) ASCII (0K) (1D) French (1F) (1G) Spanish (2S) Swedish (3S) IBM (5S)
the ESC/P or FX Character typefaces Table PcCanFrench ISO OCR EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Information about Gothic New C C C C C C C C C C C C
8859-15ISO ISO* ISO* PcHe862* Information about
ISO only ESC/P2 New type with Gothic type with type with International character You of the following international character the ESC command: Character USA, Germany, UK, Italy, Spain2, America, ESC/P Information about C C C C C C C C C C C C
Characters with the ESC To the characters the below, the ESC command. the I239X The the I239X PcCanFrench, PcNordic. the ESC/P or FX The EPSON EPSON EPSON Gothic, EPSON EPSON and EPSON the EPSON GL/ The the EPSON GL/ the as those the LJ4 Information about Fonts
the P5C PCL ISO Danish/Norwegian 0D ISO 0I ISO 0N ISO 0S ISO ASCII 0U ISO United 1E ISO 1F ISO 1G 1U ISO 2N ISO Spanish 2S 4U PS Math 5M ISO 5N 5T Microsoft Publishing 6J Math 6M 7J Math-8 8M 8U 9E 9J Information about Font C C C C C C C C C C C C
ISO 9N PC-8 9T 9U 10J PC-8, 10U PC8, D/N, Danish/Norwegian 11U MC Text 12J PC-850, 12U International 13J 13U US 14J Font 15U PC852, 17U 19L 19U PC-755 26U 19M 579L 14L ISO 6N Information about
ASCII American Information of assigning to characters and The of computers, and software. The of displayed and "memory" character of numbers, and ColorSync software that to WYSIWYG (what what This software as them (characters inch) of the of fixed-width text characters. CR to the to the of the or that when the turned or initialized. To information from the to the that the memory from such as inch) The of inch of The higher the of the higher the
The of the where the and to FF Feed) to the fixed-width whose characters the amount of the of the character. the the amount of as the of characters and that typographic and family The of and of halftone that of The together to or to or white the Newspaper photographs of halftones. The of the to its of interface The the and the interface character or while interface that oriented the This that than high and spreadsheets. LF Feed) to
memory The of the that to information. information and to the operates. Information that to the from the (such as memory temporarily. "RAM" and "ROM" to the which characters This where the of the than its or where the than its length. outline whose mathematically, allowing to or smoothly PCL The built the photoconductor of the that photosensitive pitch of the of characters inch fixed-width The height of as measured from the top of the character to the of the lowest. typographic of to of inch. that oriented upright the (as to which oriented the This the or The of Software that instructions to the to what to from and instructions to the to this
of operating commands that from the and acted existing such as the HP whose characters amounts of the of the character. the than the lowercase RAM Random Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. To refresh the memory and the that permanently the memory. of the and clarity of the or measured inch. measured that smooths the of or ROM Memory. of memory that only and ROM its when off the The that off the of character. (RGB) that
that the and other information. of and characters. assigned to character toner The the toner that to the that Apple and Microsoft Corporation. that easily or