EPSON C3800 NPD2252-00
EPSON C3800 Copyright and of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. PCL the of Company. Corporation Integrated (IPS) NEST Office Copyright Inc. rights of the ICC Profile within this created the of AG ProfileMaker the of LOGO IBM and PS/2 of International Corporation. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation the United States of America and other countries. Apple and of Apple Computer, Inc. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of Corporation. of Industries (UK) of Arthur and CG and CG of Monotype Corporation and New and of The Monotype Corporation and ITC Gothic, ITC ITC Chancery and ITC of International Typeface Corporation and Olive of Olive. Univers, New Century Schoolbook, and of AG which of Microsoft Corporation and Copyright and
EPSON C3800 HP and HP of the Company. the and of Incorporated, which Notice: Other only and of their owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights Copyright and
EPSON C3800 Instructions and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the operation of to follow the to operation: the approximately with products should or people should the the as shown below. Instructions
EPSON C3800 to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, to allow the heat to CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE the the as and injury. touching the the instructed to this force the Although the to rough clean, smooth to or It the the toner from of or fire, as they and injury. of them to If toner and or cloth with and to the fire or they with cleaner. least hour using from cool to to from Instructions
EPSON C3800 the to sunlight and to light than The light-sensitive that to light the causing or light to appear the and reducing the service of the If to the of the cover with cloth. to scratch the of the the from the clean, smooth touching the from permanently its and To the the to sunlight, or (such as locations to or or humidity. to of the reach of the This the to overheat. outlets with other outlet that the of this Instructions of the following instructions operating choosing and the the outlet where easily and the cord. the where the and the and the back or or cover them. the or other or built-in interface this Non-LPS Instructions
EPSON C3800 to outlet that the of this indicated attached to the If of the supply or If to the AC the using that other the type of indicated the If of the type of or If to the the this to or other with the of the Each the both connected the If cord, that the of the the products the the this from the and servicing to service the following A. the or or B. If C. If to or D. If normally when the operating instructions followed. only those that covered the operating instructions of other and often technician to the to operation. E. If or the F. If performance, indicating service. Instructions
EPSON C3800 the The about One should to or the people should Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning and or cleaners. touching the the instructed to this force Although the to rough to of the reach of of the This the to overheat. of through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. those that covered the operating instructions. of other and service Information the AC the the that with this of the another fire or shock. This with this only. with other fire or shock. Instructions
EPSON C3800 Warning: The performance of and other than those specified the Class as the IEC60825 specifications. The shown attached to the back of the countries where Radiation Wavelength: to This Class III Assembly that invisible The head NOT SERVICE ITEM, therefore, the head should warning to the of the as by-product of the process. when the The recommended as time-weighted hour The than hours of Instructions
EPSON C3800 the To the of to should the following of of together with of the location The should located that the and heat blown directly the directly of the building whenever On/Off off the turning the Ready appears the LCD While the Ready light flashing. While the light or flashing. While Instructions
EPSON C3800 Chapter to Where to Information with information assembling the and the software. (this with information the optional products, troubleshooting, and technical specifications. Network with information both the and to this from the Network CD-ROM to with about to to this and it the Font with information the You to this or directly from following directory the software CD-ROM. /COMMON/MANUAL/ENG/FNTG software Click information and instructions the software that when the software. to
EPSON C3800 front cover (cover A) front (cover A) USB interface MP to
EPSON C3800 Rear switch option expanded interface cover AC Ethernet interface interface cover USB interface the to
EPSON C3800 LCD and Ready light On when the ready, indicating that the ready to and when the ready. light (Red) On or flashes when occurred. the this the the light flashing, this clears the and switches the to ready light (Yellow) On when the (the section of memory printed. Flashes when the when the Press once to the Press and than seconds to from the memory. these buttons to the where and the of products. instructions to these buttons, the to
EPSON C3800 and Products You to of the following Unit (C12C802291) This increases feeding capacity to of Unit (C12C802301) This allows both of Memory This option expands the memory allowing to and graphics-intensive The RAM increased to GB MB RAM DIMM and the RAM to MB RAM DIMM. that the DIMM purchase with EPSON products. the where purchased this or EPSON service products The of the following products the The know when Product Product High Capacity Cartridge High Capacity Cartridge High Capacity Cartridge High Capacity Cartridge (Black) Capacity Cartridge Capacity Cartridge Capacity Cartridge Unit Unit V) Unit V) to
EPSON C3800 Chapter and The with of that to ease of and high-quality The below. High-speed state-of-the-art and that RIT* and and white A4 the The offers allowing to of the information. Macintosh, the information. To reduce the amount of toner rough the and Enhanced MicroGray that smoothing the of and both text and graphics. Enhanced MicroGray the halftone of graphics. and
EPSON C3800 of The with selection of and to with the to professional-looking The with the to printers. included. IES Switch) and SPL (Shared allow the to switch the and other as the PCL The PCL with the to the with this with USB memory The that USB memory USB interface without the the or connecting the to This function to them as front of the Directly from USB Memory" information. and
EPSON C3800 This with of options. You or of The following the each type of Choose the Double-sided (Macintosh) both of the to or reduce the of to the selected. and Printing
EPSON C3800 the the or four (Macintosh) text or as and
EPSON C3800 and footers" headers and footers" header and footer the top or of the overlay" or template that as when other The function the XXXXX XXXXX and
EPSON C3800 the function "Memory the Function" the Function" (Macintosh) that the memory directly from the the function overlay" EPSON to when You This software only. EPSON from the software CD-ROM to this function. Accessing EPSON EPSON the displayed the Microsoft If appear, from the of and then EPSON and
EPSON C3800 Creating with USB memory USB Memory with EPN that directly from USB memory. To this function, USB Memory To directly from USB Memory, Directly from USB Memory" This software only. To USB Memory Custom the software CD-ROM. and
EPSON C3800 Sources This section the combinations of and that MP Capacity to A4, A5, B5, (LT), (HLT), (EXE), Government (GLG), (LGL), Government (GLT) Semi-Thick A4, A5, B5, (LT), to (HLT), (EXE), Government (GLG), (LGL), Government (GLT) to DL, ISO-B5, C5 to thick A4, (LT) to thick Thick A4, A5, B5, (LT), to (HLT), (EXE), Government (GLT) to thick to to thick to thick
EPSON C3800 thick A4, A5, B5, (LT), to (HLT), (EXE), Government (GLT) EPSON A4 to thick to EPSON A4, (LT) to thick to EPSON Coated A4 to thick Capacity to A4, A5, B5, (LT), (EXE), (LGL), Government (GLG) EPSON A4 Unit Capacity to A4, A5, B5, (LT), (EXE), (LGL), Government (GLG) EPSON A4 to thick to sheets thick to to sheets thick to
EPSON C3800 Selecting You the to containing the of automatically, or manually, using the or the To the "Accessing the or "Accessing the to the the the Access the the and Selection as the Then OK To manually, the to the Source Access the from the and the OS X), or the OS Then, Selection from the Source and To specify manually, specify the to the Source the Access the and Source then To specify manually, the to the Source when selected The search containing the specified the following MP
EPSON C3800 With 550-sheet Unit MP If or these the If the from the MP of the Source You the of the MP the MP the Loading This section to If such as or MP Follow the below to the MP the MP
EPSON C3800 of the with the then the the of the to the the first. that the height. the If loaded, correctly. the MP MP to match the the To the back of the MP The this and optional The and the optional the as the information, Unit" The the the and the optional to such as EPSON the Follow these to the and optional The the
EPSON C3800 the Then the front of the and Pitch the and the and right to the the and the to the the of to
EPSON C3800 the the of the that the height. To the sheets from sticking together, of Then the firm to the If loaded, feed correctly. the the with both the front and of the with the the to the
EPSON C3800 the the the the to match the and type. If and the optional the the that The output located the top of the Since output face-down, this to as the face-down the to from off the This to sheets.
EPSON C3800 You which include such as the following. the of or type of the the of type of of purchasing or EPSON EPSON should as shown below: the the A4 MP to or to thick Source: to or to thick each Semi-thick Select the when the back of the front You these the the EPSON the of EPSON the to
EPSON C3800 the MP only. should as shown below: the the A4 or LT MP to or thick Source: Transparency You these the the the the to Transparency other type of Please the following when this each its as from to the and the of the The appears the the MP the first as shown below. If incorrectly, the Transparency appears the LCD To clear the from the MP that
EPSON C3800 EPSON Coated EPSON Coated and higher EPSON Coated should as shown below: the the A4 Source: MP to thick Coated EPSON Coated You these the the EPSON Coated properly, the and with the If this from the MP The of of thicknesses. or to the The when with the the of the or the might of the to If the to and from they properly.
EPSON C3800 should as shown below: the the IB5 DL or C5 MP to thick Source: the of the the to properly when the amount of loaded. If this reduce the amount of the You these the the Please the following when this C5 or ISOB5 them with the first. DL them with the first. C5 or ISO B5 DL that or You to thickness of the MP to feed or them manually. the to the of the or the might of
EPSON C3800 should as shown below: the the A4 or LT MP to thick Source: You these the the You should only or To the from with that completely cover the with the Press of top of each of If the those You to the Thick the using thick to ExtraThk Thick and thick You thick to or thick to the MP thick or thick should as shown below: thick the the A4 A5 B5 LT HLT EXE GLT MP to thick Source: Thick Thick or Thick You these the the
EPSON C3800 Loading You to the MP the of the the or the the might of should as shown below: the the MP to thick Source: Semi-Thick Thick or Thick the then from the the the the Width, Length, and Unit to match Then OK and OS or follow the below to the Custom from the Click New the and the and then OK Click OS follow the bellow to the Select Custom from the Click Double-click Untitled and the Specify the and OK OS the Custom the Then New the Width, Length, and Margin to match Then the and OK to You these the the If the as this the the and selecting CTM as the
EPSON C3800 the Software with About the Software The choose from of to the from EPSON the of EPSON information. Accessing the You the directly from from operating The from the when the from the operating should the from to that the The From the To the the or from the You to or of these buttons. XP, XP or users To the and then Right-click then Preferences or users To the to then Right-click then To the to then Right-click then Preferences the Software with
EPSON C3800 to the You the of through the With the the choosing from of or the Choosing the the You the of to or There the and three the black-and-white selected the the of to the select. and the only to You other such as or The Click the Click then choose Click OK to apply the the Software with
EPSON C3800 The the following Text, Text&Image, Text&Image, If or memory-related appears, selecting allow to proceed. the The to of such as or or Follow the below to the Click the Select Advanced You the the below of This operating the Software with
EPSON C3800 the from the to the type of or to choose other such as and automatically. shown the the Information that appears the Info the Optional The If to the manually. Follow the below to Click the Click Advanced then More Choose or Black as the then choose with the This operating the other each The Smoothing when PhotoEnhance selected. this effective that include or It effective that include and and include the Software with
EPSON C3800 The function when the to Click OK to apply the and to the To Advanced then the The Custom appears. the then appear the below of the You To Advanced the the the Custom then You If the More when of selected the Advanced the the selected the to Custom The that previously selected affected this To to from the the Software with
EPSON C3800 both of the the specified as to the with the Unit with Unit only) Follow the below to with the Unit. Click the Select the then Top or Right as the The appears when the Unit the If selected the Option Automatically the Optional that Unit to If selected the Option Manually the Optional the and the Unit Click to the the Software with
EPSON C3800 Specify the Margin the front and back of the then whether the front or back of the to as the as the and about each Click OK to apply the and to the Doing manually without Unit only) Click the that the off. The function when the function. The function when using the function. the Software with
EPSON C3800 Select the then Top or Right as the Click to the Specify the Margin the front and back of the then whether the front or back of the to as the the Software with
EPSON C3800 as the and about each Click OK the The appears the Click the OK the the the MP with the as shown below. Then, the completed normally when which the orientation, or to the manually with the the completed normally the the If loaded, correctly. the Software with
EPSON C3800 information about with the The amount of toner the when EPSON The You the which the information about the updated the Info that appears clicking the Info the Optional The and EPSON to the amount of toner the of this, the information that displayed EPSON and the might EPSON to information. The country/region and URL when EPSON to the function the Software with
EPSON C3800 To the the The when this from USB Memory the Software with
EPSON C3800 You or reduced To to the Click the Advanced Select the then the from the The to the selected. Select (to reduced of the or (to reduced with centering) Location Click OK to apply the the Software with
EPSON C3800 specified Click the Advanced Select the Select the To then specify the the The and Click OK to apply the If necessary, the to from the the Software with
EPSON C3800 the or four and the each to the specified You choose to surrounded Click the Advanced Select the and the of to of Then More The appears. Select the which the each the Software with
EPSON C3800 Select the the when to the surrounded The choices the of selected and the or Landscape) selected the Click OK to apply the and to the Advanced Follow the below to On the Advanced or from of or with text or The allows to of the intensity, and of Click the Advanced Select that to from the If to The appears. If or from the Water the account or printed. the Software with
EPSON C3800 Select the from the then the intensity of the with the Select (to the the foreground of the or (to the the background of the the Select the location the where to the from the Location the or the of the with the Click OK to apply the and to the Advanced the Software with
EPSON C3800 You as follows: Click the Advanced Click The appears. The appears clicking the Select Text or BMP and type the the This appears when Text If Text type the text the Text If BMP the BMP to then OK Click appear the Click OK to apply the You to the Software with
EPSON C3800 headers and footers You or footer the top or of The items that as header or footer include or Click the Advanced Select the then Select the items to the header and the footer from the If or from the the account or printed. If from the the of printed. Click OK to apply the and to the Advanced the Software with
EPSON C3800 The allows to or that as when other This creating or invoices. The function only when High Quality selected the the from the Optional Creating Follow the below to and and the that to as overlay. the ready to as overlay, choose or from the of then or of these buttons, Click the Advanced the then The appears. the Software with
EPSON C3800 Select then The appears. Select the then The appears. If the Assign to Source selected, the displayed the Source the the Software with
EPSON C3800 the the and its the Select To or To to whether the as foreground or background of the Click to apply the and to 10.Click OK the 11.Click OK the the as It to of as overlay. The created. with Follow the below to with the to with From the the the choose or then or of these buttons, Click the Advanced the and to the the Software with
EPSON C3800 Choose the from the then OK to the Advanced If the Assign to Source selected, the the Source the You the without the Click OK to the The with the (such as If to the with (such as Landscape), follow the instructions below. the as "Creating overlay" the and the the that to the "Creating overlay" This the Software with
EPSON C3800 This function with users the the USB memory the USB interface or the the USB memory. You this function from the Selection the This function the USB memory the USB interface of the the or from the that the with the This function This function the High Quality USB memory that than GB of memory. Accessing USB that than GB of memory too If of the USB memory, the USB memory too If the USB memory too try formatting to the the the USB memory using XP, XP or allowed to the the USB memory, the following The the characters shown below. Z, and the to the PC to XP, XP or as to and then XP, XP or to and then the and Right-click the EPSON and then Click the Optional Click The to appears. the Software with
EPSON C3800 Select the from the and then that appear the If to the to the to the Click to the to 10.Click OK to the with users the the USB memory. Follow the below to with Click the Advanced the and The appears. Select the and The Selection appears. that selected. If selected, another appear. the Software with
EPSON C3800 Click the the text or and the the connected through If the of the to and the Also, of the the then You thumbnails of the using clicking the the connected through network and the Select To or To to the as foreground or background of the then OK to to the Advanced Click OK to the the USB memory network XP, XP or to or the the USB memory, using the following to XP, XP or as to and then XP, XP or to and then the and Right-click the EPSON and then the Software with
EPSON C3800 Click the Optional Click The from appears. If the then If to the Selected the the then If the of the to and the Also, of the the and the You the the connected through to the USB memory displayed clicking the Click Click OK to the You the To the the Optional The Optional You the option information manually options to Access the the Software with
EPSON C3800 Click the Optional then the Option Info Manually Click The Optional appears. each option, then OK To the of the from the The information about the the Follow the below to Access the Click the Optional and then The the Function The function allows to the memory and to them directly from the Follow the instructions this section to the function. You to RAM to the function. To RAM to the RAM the to Normal or optional memory to this function. instructions about increasing memory, memory the memory to the information about options. Optional The below of the options. Each option this section. Option the and reprinting. to the apply to the and the Software with
EPSON C3800 the memory the option. to the below of RAM Option (combined with manually manually Printing Turning or Option the cleared memory cleared cleared The option allows to the currently that directly from the Follow the below to the option. Click the Select the Specify the of to printed, and other as Click the Optional then The appears. The only when the RAM the If selected the Option Automatically the Optional that RAM to If selected the Option Manually the Optional the and the RAM the Software with with
EPSON C3800 the On then and the text boxes. The OK becomes both the user and If to thumbnail of the first of the thumbnail the internal IP Click OK The and the the memory. To or this the and instructions. The option allows to to the Follow the below to the option. Click the the Specify the of to printed, and other as the Software with
EPSON C3800 Click the Optional then The appears. The when the RAM the If selected the Option Automatically the Optional that RAM to If selected the Option Manually the Optional the and the RAM Select the On then and the text boxes. The OK becomes both the and If to of the first of the thumbnail the internal IP browser. Click OK The of and the with information the of the memory. the the or this the and instructions. the Software with
EPSON C3800 The option allows to apply to the memory. Follow the below to using the option. as Click the Optional then The appears. The when the RAM the If selected the Option Automatically the Optional that RAM to If selected the Option Manually the Optional the and the RAM Select the On then and the text boxes. the the the text The OK becomes both the user and four from through You the when the Software with
EPSON C3800 Click OK The the the memory. To or this the and EPSON EPSON Follow the below to EPSON that the off and that the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM If the selection appears, country. If the appear automatically, the right-click the CD-ROM OPEN the that appears, then Click Click Custom the Network information EPSON the Software with
EPSON C3800 Click EPSON the that appears, that selected, and OK the software appears, the and then the Software with
EPSON C3800 the that appears, country or and the URL that country or appears. Then OK the the URL the where Selecting country or allows to the of the URL. the the URL appear, the EPSON the OK the Software with
EPSON C3800 Accessing EPSON EPSON that and information about its Follow the below to EPSON Right-click the the Select and then The appears. You EPSON clicking the the Optional the To information EPSON "Information EPSON Information" Information" "Notice and XP/XP users: EPSON when from Remote users: NetWare that to operating used. confirmed the below: XP or SP1 2000/XP To NetWare to each the Network the You NetWare the IPX router the IPX This NetWare such as or NDS. You NDPS Distributed Services) the Software with
EPSON C3800 Information EPSON You information about EPSON such as or interface This appears right-clicking the the and selecting and About The and This appears right-clicking the the then selecting then clicking This appears when to the Notice the Notice If to information about the of the Software with
EPSON C3800 You right-clicking the the then selecting then clicking The and the The the shows the graphically. Text The text to the displays the of the the displayed. Clicking this the You information about or clicking the respective the Software with
EPSON C3800 Information You information and products right-clicking the the then selecting then clicking Information the the type and the amount of the Information the optional these options Indicates the amount of The toner flashes when toner or the toner Clicking this to Clicking this the You the of the or information about clicking the respective The flashes when the amount of the the Software with
EPSON C3800 Information You information right-clicking the the then selecting then clicking Information the Other displayed as The which to printed. the Computer: the of the that the the type. The as and respectively. About the function, the Function" Selecting and clicking this the selected Clicking this the button: the to the The which The which The which currently. Completed: that finished Canceled: that the Software with
EPSON C3800 Refresh Clicking this refreshes the information this the to items and the they displayed the Information and to the type of to displayed. You the of the or information about clicking the respective XP/XP users: Shared XP LPR and XP TCP/IP with the function. The Information when the following used: and the shared or LPR with XP, XP or the shared or TCP/IP with XP, XP or the or TCP/IP with XP, XP or the LPR XP, XP or the TCP/IP XP, XP or the TCP/IP XP, XP or You this function the following optional Ethernet interface that the function. the NetWare the function. the from NetWare and as Unknown the that the user account to to from the user account to to the the function the Software with
EPSON C3800 You the or EPSON when the following used: the or LPR using the or TCP/IP using the shared or TCP/IP Notice You right-clicking the the then selecting then clicking Notice The Notice appears. the this selected, EPSON the processed. More the More to to the Notice: the to displayed. Allow of the this selected, other computers. If the with and the and the both XP or with the OS function. Therefore the without selecting this the Software with
EPSON C3800 More the to to with the shared the once when only when first becomes More the More which the URL appears. the to the Click this to the without the OK Click this to the and to the this selected, the appears when becomes or reaches of service and appearing once the replaced. this button selected, the appears once when or the EPSON this selected, the appears when first becomes the Software with
EPSON C3800 You right-clicking the the then selecting then clicking The appears. You clicking the the EPSON The appears. The appears clicking the the the Text the and Now/Find to the URL where and button: the the information. the this becomes or reaches of service this confirmation to to the appears. If this to appear, the the connecting the More The More appears clicking the More the Notice this selected, the appears when first becomes or reaches of service life. the Software with
EPSON C3800 You EPSON double-clicking the the The that appears double-clicking the when the select. Follow the below to the Right-click the the then Confirm that selected. Select the to from the Information to Then OK You EPSON right-clicking the and selecting the Software with
EPSON C3800 the USB The USB interface that with with Microsoft and USB specifications. PC with USB and XP, XP or the USB interface. USB to USB as the interface to to the Since USB with USB USB as interface. USB XP, XP and operating If operating or USB interface. Access the or the XP, XP or the or the USB from the to the following XP, XP or the USBXXX USB the the This operating Click OK to the the Software with
EPSON C3800 Canceling If the what expected and incorrect or characters or to the displayed the follow the instructions below to the Double-click the Select the the then from the the the Ready light the The canceled. You the that from the the the to other users. the Software with
EPSON C3800 Uninstalling the Software to or the to the software Uninstalling the applications. Click to then XP, XP or then or Double-click the XP, XP or the or EPSON Software then XP, XP or EPSON Software then Change/Remove the Software with
EPSON C3800 Click the Click the and that the the software to selected. If to EPSON the EPSON To OK You EPSON Network Utility. the the from EPSON of other Follow the on-screen instructions. the Software with
EPSON C3800 Uninstall the USB the to with USB interface the USB the to the USB Follow the below to the USB Uninstall the the USB Once the USB other connected with USB interface Follow through of "Uninstalling the Select EPSON USB Devices then EPSON USB Devices appears when the connected to or with USB interface If the USB correctly, EPSON USB appear. Follow the below to the the CD-ROM that with the CD-ROM CD-ROM 2.Access the CD-ROM 3.Double-click 4.Double-click the 5.Double-click the Follow the on-screen instructions. the Software with
EPSON C3800 the Network the This section to the The that directly connected to of them. The that directly connected to the the and the other the which to the with the The the the According to the of OS and rights the the of the and the or as shared XP, XP or the or "With or XP, XP or "With XP, XP or the to EPSON that the the "Notice using shared or the the Network and that the and Microsoft then the and that the or the TCP/IP The and should the and they should the the Software with
EPSON C3800 as shared the OS or follow the below to the Click to then Double-click the Network Click and the Select the to to allow others to to printer(s) then OK. Click OK to apply the the appears, the or CD-ROM the Click OK then follow the on-screen instructions. the to the appears, the then with the Double-click the the Right-click then the that appears. Select Shared type the the then OK and or hyphens the or the to EPSON that the the "Notice You to the that they the the following "With or the Software with
EPSON C3800 "With XP, XP or the OS XP, XP or the the The that OS from the Follow the below to XP, XP or as then the You XP, XP or as the of the to then XP, XP or to and Right-click then the that appears. XP, XP or the following appears, Network or If the security to without the follow the on-screen instructions. Shared as then type the the the Software with
EPSON C3800 XP, XP or this then type the the or the or Select the If the of the and the OS, to the OK On the XP, XP or Click Additional Select then OK the Software with
EPSON C3800 OS or or XP or and XP or The XP and XP Service Service or You to the noted below, these or XP XP) XP and XP and XP or edition) other than the the The other XP or XP or or XP XP XP or and Edition XP or XP and XP XP and the Software with
EPSON C3800 This section to the the To the to the as or or XP, XP or This section to the the (Microsoft If the to the the of the This section to the the shared from the You the from Network Neighborhood or Network the You the the OS. to EPSON to EPSON from the CD-ROM with each With or Follow the below to or Click to then Double-click the then Next Select Network then Next Click and the appears. You type \\(the of the that locally connected to the shared printer)\(the shared the or the Software with
EPSON C3800 Click the or that to the and the of the shared then OK The of the the or that connected to the To of the of the shared the of the Click Next If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the If the OS or or the or the XP, XP or to the If the or the XP, XP or to the from the CD-ROM" of the of the shared then whether to the as the or Click Next then follow the on-screen instructions. You the that appears the the Software with
EPSON C3800 With XP, XP or Follow the below to XP, XP or You the the shared or rights the to and XP or XP to and the then Next XP or XP the Network then Next XP or XP or attached to another then Next type the of the shared then Next You type \\(the of the that locally connected to the printer)\(the or You to type the of the shared the Software with
EPSON C3800 XP or XP Click the of the or that connected to the shared and the of the then Next The of the the or that connected to the shared To of the of the the of the If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the If the XP, XP or the XP, XP or to the If the OS or to the from the CD-ROM" Select whether to the as the or then Next the Software with
EPSON C3800 of the then the from the CD-ROM This section to the the when the as follows: The the XP, XP or The OS or and the OS XP, XP or The on-screen displays the following the of OS. XP, XP or XP, XP or as the If the or the of the and the OS, to the from the CD-ROM. Access the and appear. Click OK then follow the on-screen instructions to the from the CD-ROM. the Software with
EPSON C3800 the CD-ROM, type the and which the located, then OK XP, XP or found. appear. Click or XP, XP or and The the OS used. OS or or XP XP Select the of the OK then follow the on-screen instructions. the Software with
EPSON C3800 the Software with About the Software The choose from of to the from EPSON the of using EPSON information. Instructions this section that to operating OS as They slightly from what actually appears operating however, the the You to the operating such as OSX to to such as to Accessing the To and its the The allows to easily the including and OS To the OS and or OS or below), the of then OS To the the Chooser from the Apple then From To the from the To the from the The the Software with
EPSON C3800 to the You the of through the With the the choosing from of or the Choosing the the You the of to or There three of and and high memory and the selected the the of to the select. and the only to You other such as or applications. OS users the Select from the and the Click then choose the from the the Software with
EPSON C3800 OS users the Click Quality, then choose with the If or memory-related appears, selecting allow to proceed. the The to of such as or or Follow the below to the OS users the Select from the and the Select Advanced You the the the right of Select the from the to the type of or to the Software with
EPSON C3800 OS users the Select Advanced You the the the right of Select the from the to the type of or to choose other such as and automatically. shown the Summary the OS X), or the the of the OS The the to the or to Follow the below to OS the Select from the and Click Advanced then More The following appears. Choose or Black as the the Software with
EPSON C3800 Choose the from the the other the each Click OK to apply the and to the each the OS the Click Advanced then More The following appears. Choose or Black as the Choose the with the the other the each Click OK to apply the and to the the the Software with
EPSON C3800 OS the following procedures to or the Preset the the with this the The Custom option of OS X. OS users To Advanced then the The Custom appears. the appear the the right of the To Advanced the the the then You If the Advanced when of selected the Advanced the the selected the to The that previously selected affected this To to from the You or reduce the of to the specified OS This function with OS and the Select from the the Software with
EPSON C3800 Select to and the from the If the The of OS OS The or reducing specified to the selected the Click the the The appears. Select the to then the from the The to the selected. Click OK to apply the the Software with
EPSON C3800 the You or four and to the each to the You choose to surrounded OS users the Select from the Select the of to of from the Click to The of OS X. the Software with
EPSON C3800 OS users Click the the The appears. the then The appears. Select the of to of Select the which the each choices selected and Click OK to apply the and to the Select the the the when to the surrounded Click OK to apply the the Software with
EPSON C3800 Follow the below to the from of or (PICT) or text as The allows to of the intensity, and of OS users the Select from the and the Click Function Select the then the Software with
EPSON C3800 from the Select the location the where to the the the To the its the of the with the You the the the then the with the the Click OK to apply the OS Click the the The appears. Select the then from the Select the location the where to the the the To the its the Software with
EPSON C3800 the of the with the You text the the the then the text with the the Click OK to apply the You text or with the following To OS the Select from the and the Click Function the Software with
EPSON C3800 Select the then Click Click Text the the Software with
EPSON C3800 Click the Text to the Text the then OK to the Select the Font and then OK the Text the the then To the text from the then Text editing, to OK to the To the from the then to to the that from the the and then OK the Software with
EPSON C3800 OS users Click the the The appears. the then The Custom appears. Click Text the Custom the the Text the Font and then OK the Text the Software with
EPSON C3800 the the then To the text from the then Text editing, to OK to the To the text from the then to to the Select that from the the and then OK the Software with
EPSON C3800 To should (PICT) OS the Select from the and the Click Function Select the then the Software with
EPSON C3800 Click Click PICT the Select the PICT then the Software with
EPSON C3800 the the then To the from the then to to the Select the from the the then OK OS users the The Click the appears. Select the then The Custom appears. the Software with
EPSON C3800 Click PICT the Custom Select the PICT then the the then To the from the then to to the Select the from the the then OK the Software with
EPSON C3800 headers and footers You header or footer the top or of The items that as header or footer include or OS the from the and Click Function Select the then the Software with
EPSON C3800 the items to the header and the footer from the If from the the of printed. Click OK to apply the OS the The Click the appears. Select the then Select the items to the header and the footer from the the Software with
EPSON C3800 If from the the of printed. Click OK to apply the and to the both of the You manually without using the Unit. the specified as to the with the Unit with Unit only) Follow the below to with the Unit. OS users the Select from the and Click from Top or Right Click the Specify the Margin the front and back of the Select whether the front or back of the to as the Click to the Software with
EPSON C3800 OS users Click the the The appears. Select the Select from Top or Right Click to the Specify the Margin the front and back of the Select whether the front or back of the to as the Click OK to apply the and to the Doing manually without Unit only) OS the Select from the and the Select the then Select from Top or Right the Software with
EPSON C3800 Specify the Margin the front and back of the Select whether the front or back of the to as the Click to the the MP with the as shown below. Then the the If loaded, feed correctly. OS users Click the the The appears. the then Select from Top or Right Click to the the Software with
EPSON C3800 Specify the Margin the front and back of the Select whether the front or back of the to as the Click OK to apply the and to the Click to the the MP with the as shown below. Then the the If loaded, correctly. the Software with
EPSON C3800 You the Protect. OS users, the and from the then the the OS users, the The To the of the from the The information about the the Follow the below to Select Chooser from the Apple Click the of and then the USB that connected to. Click and the EPSON appears. Click and the This function with OS X. OS users, from the instructions. the Software with
EPSON C3800 the Function The function allows to the memory and to them directly from the Follow the instructions this section to the function. You to RAM to the function. To RAM to the RAM the to Normal or optional memory to this function. instructions about increasing memory, memory The below of the option this section. Option the and reprinting. to the apply to the and the memory the option. to the below RAM Option of Exceeded (combined with manually manually Turning or Option the memory cleared cleared the Software with with
EPSON C3800 The option allows to the currently that directly from the Follow the below to the option. OS the and from the then the Click the Select the On then the Software with
EPSON C3800 and the text If to thumbnail of the first of the the internal IP browser. Click OK The then the the memory. OS as the then the The appears. Select the On then and the text boxes. If to thumbnail of the first of the the internal IP Click OK The then the the memory. To or this using the the The option allows to to the Follow the below to the option. OS users the and from the then the Click the The appears. the Software with
EPSON C3800 Select the On then and the text The OK becomes both the user and If to thumbnail of the first of the thumbnail Thumbnails the internal IP Click OK The and the the memory. OS users Specify the of to printed, then other as The the then the appears. Select the On then and the text boxes. The OK becomes both the and If to thumbnail of the first of the Thumbnails the internal IP the Software with
EPSON C3800 Click OK The of and the with information the of the memory. the the or this using the the instructions. The option allows to apply to the memory. Follow the below to the option. OS the and from the then the Click the The appears. Select the On then and the The OK becomes both the and If to thumbnail of the first of the the internal IP browser. the Software with
EPSON C3800 the the the four from through You the when Click OK The then the the memory. OS as the then the The appears. Select the On then and the text boxes. The OK becomes both the user and the the the text four from through You the when Click OK The the the memory. To or this the the the Software with
EPSON C3800 using EPSON Accessing EPSON OS users the EPSON and the below, to the the EPSON the of the the Applications then the Double-click the OS and or OS or below) Click the OS and or OS or below) the You EPSON clicking the EPSON the OS users You EPSON selecting the EPSON from the Apple The already selected the Chooser that information received from the selected when the EPSON If the correct, If the the Chooser while the the background, to the and products information appears the the Chooser normally. the Software with
EPSON C3800 To information EPSON Information" Information" and "Notice The appears when or warning It what type of occurred and offers The once the cleared. This appear to the Notice the Notice The appear while the the displayed. You the the The and the The the shows the graphically. the Software with
EPSON C3800 Text The to the displays the of the the displayed. Clicking this the You information about or clicking the respective Information You information and products the the the the type and the amount of the Information the optional displayed only these options Indicates the amount of The toner flashes when toner or the toner Clicking this the You the of the or information about clicking the respective The flashes when the amount of the the Software with
EPSON C3800 Information You information the Information of the the Other displayed as The which to printed. the user Computer: the of the that the the type. the function used, the displayed as and respectively. About the function, the Function" The which spooled. The which The which currently. Completed: that finished Canceled: that the Software with
EPSON C3800 Selecting and clicking this the selected Clicking this the the to the Refresh Clicking this refreshes the information this the to items to displayed. You the of the or information about clicking the respective Notice To EPSON and Notice from the The Notice appears. OS Select from the only): the this selected, EPSON the processed. Notice: the to displayed. the to the the Software with
EPSON C3800 OK Click this to the and to the Click this to the without the OS only): and the the USB If the USB to through USB to the first the The USB interface the used. If with this type of the USB directly to USB OS users the Applications then the and the OS and or OS or below) Click the Select EPSON USB from the Select the Product then OS and or OS or below). the Software with
EPSON C3800 OS Select Chooser from the Apple Click then the USB connected to. Select Background to background or off. Background turned the EPSON to background while Chooser Canceling If the what expected and incorrect or characters or to the follow the instruction below to OS OS and or OS or below) and from the Then, from the the Software with
EPSON C3800 OS users Press the while the Command to the shows the to If this appears, follow instructions the background EPSON from the Application Then from EPSON or the that the the Ready light the You the that from the the the to other users. Uninstalling the Software to or the to the software OS the the EPSON software CD-ROM Double-click the OS Double-click the Double-click If the Authorization appears, the or phrase then OK the software appears, the then Select Uninstall from the the then Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions. the Software with
EPSON C3800 OS the the EPSON software CD-ROM Double-click the English then the Double-click the Click the software appears, the then Select Uninstall from the the then Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions. the Network the This section to the The the the that directly connected to of them. The that directly connected to the the and the other the which to the with the The the the OS the which of OS or operating the Software with
EPSON C3800 OS as Follow the below to connected directly to with other Turn the Select Chooser from the Apple then Select USB or the Select the right, then The appears. On selected Background The appears. Select the this then type the and information as Click OK to apply the Chooser the Software with
EPSON C3800 Accessing the shared Follow the below to from another the Turn On each from which to the Chooser from the Apple Click then the of the the Select the right. You from the connected to On selected Background Click the the then OK The appears. Shared Information The following type of appears the that the Click OK to the Chooser the Software with
EPSON C3800 Chapter the About the the following to to the Memory using the shown below. optional memory the amount of memory currently Recommended memory MB of the following to to the To the Microsoft XP, XP or the following XP, XP or There these or or or MB free MB installation) Recommended the
EPSON C3800 Memory MB MB to which the connected OS or or OS or the following To the with USB interface, OSX or OS G3, G4, G5, G3, G4, or Memory MB To recommends that the If other than the to to On the PS3 the If the with OS PC MB installation) MB free Memory MB MB To that the If or other than the The or below. The 68K computers. Recommended Recommended the
EPSON C3800 should the directly to the USB If USB used, that the to the first-tier the with To the to the the sections below instructions to the interface that to the the USB interface Follow the below to the the USB interface. EPSON and the when the connected USB It the or the and the PS with USB already the to the below. If USB follow the below. the software XP, XP or If information. Turn off protection the software. that the turned off. the software CD-ROM CD-ROM to the with USB then the the USB search (Recommended) Next then to Next the New Select Search (Recommended) then Next XP, XP or USB automatically. to the
EPSON C3800 Select Specify location then specify the following the CD-ROM. If CD-ROM D:, the D:\ADOBEPS\ENGLISH\WIN9X\PS_SETUP Then Next Click Next to of the USB or to and Then the XP or XP to and and the The appears. Then Next or to XP, XP or then Next XP, XP or the Automatically and and USB as the the connected to, then Next 11.Click and specify the following the CD-ROM. If CD-ROM D:, the D:\ADOBEPS\ENGLISH\ \PS_SETUP Then OK the as The operating or WIN9X XP, XP or WIN2K_XP 12.Select the then Next or USB as the the connected to, then Next XP, XP or to the 14.Follow the on-screen instructions the of the the
EPSON C3800 the the interface the sections below to operating and follow the instructions to the the network interface. the the to the Network that with Turn off protection the software. XP, XP or users that the turned the software CD-ROM CD-ROM XP, or XP to and and the to and Then the The appears. Then Next then Next the Automatically and and Select the and TCP/IP from the Click Next Click Next to Specify the IP and then Next Click Click the and specify the following the CD-ROM. If CD-ROM D:, the D:\ADOBEPS\ENGLISH\WIN2K_XP\PS_SETUP Then OK the as 10.Select the and Next 11.Follow the on-screen instructions the of the the
EPSON C3800 or users the Print. to Print the Network to the instructions. the the the USB interface" the to to the the Network to the instructions. High-speed (RAW) supported. Accessing the You the directly from from operating The from the when the from the operating should the from to that the From the To the the or from the You to or of these buttons. XP or XP users To the and then Right-click then Preferences or users To the to then Right-click then users To the to then Right-click then Preferences the
EPSON C3800 to You the the to with the If the the top-right of the title then the of the that information of the and its options displayed. the following and the connected through interface the SelecType to the Emulation item to PS3 the to printed. On the of the that SEND CTRL-D Each and SEND CTRL-D Each to TBCP as the On the of the to clear the On the with the Follow the below to the that the OS users that OS and or OS the
EPSON C3800 the software CD-ROM CD-ROM Double-click the CD-ROM Double-click OS then PS OS the Authenticate appears, the and The EPSON Software appears, then follow the instructions. displayed the Click OS and the Authenticate appears, the and installation OS the software CD-ROM CD-ROM Double-click the CD-ROM Double-click OS then English Double-click and Then follow the instructions. Select then If or EPSON of the and to the the Network Selecting the the to the the
EPSON C3800 Selecting the when connected USB OS users If the connected to USB to the from the Chooser. You to the Apple Utility, then the as The when the Follow the below to the and to the USB from 0S the to ASCII To this from the of the that then the of the from the options the On the option that appears, ASCII the The often Encoding or the then the The New appears. Select from the With (USB) the then OK Click USB Selection The USB appears. from the of connected USB then OK Click to the (PPD) PPD selected, the selected the If the incorrect, then the PPD the USB and PPD selected, warning to to appears. Select Select to The USB displayed the Selecting If the connected through the Ethernet interface or optional OS users Follow the below to the the
EPSON C3800 You the Although EPSON appears the interface with the You to the options manually when the connected USB, IP or the connected the software the to ASCII as the the the Applications the then OS and or OS The appears. Click the Select the or the interface that from the users: to EPSON with the IP users: to IP EPSON TCP/IP with the selecting IP the IP the then to the USB users: to USB EPSON USB with the Follow the instructions as below to Select from the then Select from the IP Select from the then from the USB from the then from the OS and users: If selected the when from the while the the
EPSON C3800 Select the from the selected the USB OS or users: If selected the to the the Click IP users, USB or users: Select from the then Info from the The Info appears. Select from the then the Confirm that to the Then OS and or OS OS users Follow the below to the Select Chooser from the Apple that active. Click the and the to the appears the Select the MAC the the connected through optional to Click The appears. If connected to than the connected to the Click Accessing the To and its the The allows to easily the including and the
EPSON C3800 OS users To the OS and or OS the of then OS To the Chooser from the Apple then the Select the of to You the the to with the Follow the below to Click the then the item that with. Information that item displayed floating the You or the to the options OS users: selected as the the following the used. RGB (Gradation), (Definition), Increase Definition, Increase Gradation RGB On the
EPSON C3800 OS users Follow the below to the the The appears. Select the from the Select Info from the The Info appears. to the then the OS and or OS OS Follow the below to the Access the Click the then the using the the
EPSON C3800 Chapter the PCL6/PCL5 About the PCL the following to to the PCL6/PCL5 Memory the PCL6/PCL5 shown below. optional memory the amount of memory currently memory Recommended memory MB* MB* or with this amount of memory, the specifics of the printed. the following to to the PCL6/PCL5 To the PCL6/PCL5 Microsoft XP or the Service or XP or IBM PC or IBM with IBM PC or IBM with or higher CPU II or higher CPU MB free installation) Memory MB MB MB VGA VGA or Recommended the PCL6/PCL5
EPSON C3800 XP or IBM PC or IBM with EM64T or AMD/64 CPU MB installation) Memory MB MB VGA VGA or the PCL6/PCL5 To the PCL to the the to the The PCL6/PCL5 and EPSON the Recommended the PCL6/PCL5
EPSON C3800 Chapter the the You the to of that allow to the of products, and This section to the and when to the to from the and to the fact, the the to software or including the following: the and selecting the IES Switching) Specifying and the interface Choosing the of the memory to to the of the items and the to the Press the the
EPSON C3800 the and buttons to through the Press the to the items the the LCD displays item and the YYYY=ZZZZ or only item YYYY the and buttons to through the items, or the to to the previous Press the to the indicated such as sheet or the or to the such as or the and buttons to through then the to and to the Press the to to the without the You to the off and then to Press the to the Press the and buttons to through the The and items appear the shown below. and items appear when optional or Information From this the toner and the service of products. You and showing the and of features. Press the or to Press the to or the
EPSON C3800 Item Network AUX Sheet USB I/F PS3 PS3 Font PCL Font ESCP2 Font FX Font I239X Font Cyan(C)/Magenta(M)/Yellow(Y)/Black(K) E******F E******F E******F to to B/W to when the the when when the NetworkI/F Network to On only when optional type interface and the turned when the AUX I/F to On when the connected to USB with D4 and turned when the USB I/F to On AUX showing the and These sheets to whether options correctly. Prints showing the using the currently the
EPSON C3800 Prints of the memory. Prints of the the USB memory. Network Prints showing the of the USB I/F Prints showing the of the USB interface. PS3 Prints showing information about the PS3 such as the PS3 PS3 Font PCL Font ESCP2 Font FX Font I239X Font Prints of the selected the amount of toner the as shown below: to E******F to E***** to E**** to E*** to E** to E* the of the the of the the
EPSON C3800 B/W the of black-white the Index This allows to the of USB memory. This appears only when the USB memory connected to the USB interface and there least that of the following EPN, PS, PDF, JPG, or TIF. Item A4 LT LGL Short to the country of purchase. when the USB memory or the turned off. the with Unit. Prints of the the the the the selected, with Short selected, with This allows to the USB memory. This appears only when the USB memory connected to the USB interface and there least that of the following EPN, PS, or PDF. the
EPSON C3800 If PDF with the appears the the to the To the the or to the character and the to the character. characters and the Item Select to A4, A5, B5, LT, HLT, LGL, GLT, GLG, EXE, DL, C5, IB5 Short when the USB memory or the turned off. when PDF selected. only the with Unit. EPN and PDF Select to Prints the selected the of to printed, from through the the If selected, the based the of the first that printed. the the selected, with Short selected, with the
EPSON C3800 This allows to the USB memory. This appears when the USB memory connected to the USB interface and there least that JPG or TIF Item Select to A4 LT LGL Short when the USB memory or the turned off. to the country of purchase. only the with Unit. Select Select to Prints the selected the of to printed, from through the the the This to the the selected, with Short selected, with the
EPSON C3800 Select whether or to This allows to the and type of the MP Accessing this the of the currently the The type this from these whenever Item A4 A5, B5, LT HLT, LGL, GLT, GLG, EXE, DL, C5, IB5 MP A4, A5, B5, LT, LGL, GLG, EXE PrePrinted, Recycled, Color, MP Transprncy, PrePrinted, Recycled, to the country of purchase. when the optional MP Select from this the the and optional MP the type the MP the type the and optional the
EPSON C3800 this to the You specify each interface; other each the to. each its options, the ESCP2, FX, or I239X as necessary. The choose from the every interface. Item ESCP2, FX, I239X, PS3, PCL USB ESCP2, FX, I239X, PS3, PCL Network AUX ESCP2, FX, I239X, PS3, PCL when optional type-B interface This allows to such as and when from or operating that to the to these whenever these Item A4 A5, B5, LT HLT, LGL, GLT, GLG, EXE, DL, C5, IB5, CTM A4 On On On On Top to the country of purchase. the and the EPSON that than Not PS3 Not PS3 and PCL the
EPSON C3800 the A4 Selecting On the and right from to whether the or the Turning smoother and and graphics. this selected, the toner the of characters. The characters outlined the right and this the of graphics reduced. It reduces the amount of graphics when the reaches the memory allowing to printed. Top to the of the that the the of the the to the of the This useful that the the of the the the
EPSON C3800 the the back of the when both this the the back where expected. the the back of the when both this the the back where expected. This allows to basic related to feeding and You this to the LCD Item English ESPAOL, SVENSKA, SUOMI, to to to of MP, Source Normal MP Each to On Edge Short Edge Normal Thick, Transparency, Coated On On On On Cont Protect On Convert to B/W On to to LCD the
EPSON C3800 RAM Normal, when the optional only the with Unit. when A4, A5, B5, LT, LGL, EXE, or GLG ESC/P2, FX, or I239X Not with Unit. this the and the this item the or the turned the displayed the LCD and that the to the of the the there operations. the of the seconds, when interfaces switched automatically. The the of from the when from interface the of switching the interface. If the when switching the interface, the the Source whether the from the MP or the optional If from the containing that matches If (DL, C5, IB5) selected as the from the MP If Thick ExtraThk or Trnsprncy as the from the MP MP This whether the MP the highest or lowest when selected as the Source the Normal selected as the MP the MP the highest as the If the MP the lowest priority. the
EPSON C3800 to the the MP the of to printed, from through or off. This allows to both of the of the whether from the front or back of the the type of to The the to this The reduced when Thick or selected. Select when the front of semi-thick Semi-Thick or thick Thick Select when the back of semi-thick Semi-Thick or thick Thick to when This when the ESCP2, FX, or I239X whether or to when the specified the reached. The which when the time-out reached. the
EPSON C3800 If to On this item the the the the specified This of the toner that the properly. this item turned off, the this the of when of the following or Overflow. this option off, the to Protect memory as to You to this If appears the LCD this and This reduces the amount of memory to the allow to Protect when selected. You to increase memory memory to the Protect the memory, which to Convert to B/W If this item to On and the of their service when the the with the the LCD the of the LCD the and buttons to the (lowest and (highest RAM the RAM that the function. If of the RAM If Normal of the RAM If or Normal the optional RAM MB of the RAM capacity If RAM to the
EPSON C3800 This allows to Item Automatically the of each to This allows to and the Clear Warning Clears that these that from products or mandatory-replacement Clear Clears warning that appear the LCD and clears the from the active interface. You to the when there with the and the successfully. clears the memory, and the to their The from interfaces Performing clears from interfaces. to SelecType the to their the
EPSON C3800 This allows to or that the memory the and of the function. instructions this the This allows to or the memory using the of the function. You to the to this instructions using this the USB These the and the when using the USB interface. Item USB I/F On USB HS FS IP PING IP to SM to GW to NetWare On, On, MS Network On, On, USB I/F Normal this item the or the turned While reflected the and EJL read-back, the or the turned when USB I/F to On when USB with D4 connected. The of the the USB If the to this the
EPSON C3800 the from or PING to the to or PING the displayed. the from the USB I/F Allows to or the USB interface. USB SPEED Allows to the of USB interface. Selecting HS recommended. Select FS HS the amount of memory to and If selected, memory allocated If to selected, memory allocated To off the than seconds then back operation, as the the Ready light flashing when the Network the Network each AUX the Network each USB This allows to the USB function. instructions the function, Directly from USB Memory" Item USB On Detection the
EPSON C3800 this item the or the turned While reflected the and EJL read-back, the or the turned when USB to ON USB to directly from USB memory USB interface. Detection whether or to the the USB interface every If the every the If the when the the PCL These the PCL Item Download ROM FontSource Font Pitch IBM-US ECM94-1, ISO, ISO, 8859-10ISO, 8859-15ISO, IBM-DN, MsPublishin, Math-8, PsMath, VeMath, UK, ANSI ASCII, Spanish, ISO, OCR A, OCR Pc862Heb, HPWARA CR CR+LF CR Function LF CR+LF LF Function 4K 5S, Assign when when the optional ROM the that selected. whether or A4 selected. the
EPSON C3800 FontSource the Font the the The the Pitch the pitch the and of fixed-pitch. You from to (characters inch), This item appear the Font Source or Font the height the and You from to This item appear the Font Source or Font Selects the If the selected Font Source and Font the the Font Source and the Font with the IBM-US Selects the of the selected and This spacing (VMI) and the VMI the This that the or the based the VMI. CR Function, LF Function These included of operating such as UNIX. Assign the assignment the command. selected, the commands as with the HP 4K selected, the commands as with the HP and 5S selected, the commands as with the HP 5S. the
EPSON C3800 PS3 This allows to which the when the PS3 Item On On Protect On On Text Detection A4, A5, B5, LT, HLT, LGL, GLT, GLG, EXE, DL, C5, IB5 PDF only when connected Network interface. On the when the PS3 or when the PDF to Coloration Allows to the or black-and-white Protect The when selected. The when On selected. to which amount of the Select On the and the ASCII with You to On when To the and that SEND CTRL-D Each and SEND CTRL-D Each to this to On TBCP the the
EPSON C3800 Text Detection On the text to when This when PS3 the PDF the when the PDF directory from or other If selected, the based the of the first that printed. This allows to operation of the Item Interface, The You to characters the the the first and then the To the the or to the character and the to the character. characters and the the Interface selected, the to the the USB, AUX, and USB selected, the to the selected, the to the and to items the to the the the
EPSON C3800 ESCP2 This allows to which the when the ESC/P Item T, S, H, OCR A, Font OCR Prop. Pitch On inches 0.05-inch T. Margin Text Italic, PcNordic, PcIcelandic, ISO 8859-15ISO, ISO, ISO, PcHe862, ISO USA Germany, UK, Italy, Spain1, Norway, Country Spain2, LatinAmeric, On CR On LF Light, (or the character with whether or A4 selected. Font Selects the Pitch Selects the pitch (the spacing) of the pitch, measured (characters inch). You choose spacing. or off. the
EPSON C3800 T. Margin the from the top of the to the of the first The measured inches. The the the the to the top. Text the this option, to inch). If the or T. Margin the to the each CG Table the character (CG) option to the graphics character or the The graphics graphic characters corners, areas, international characters, characters, and mathematical If the of the character as characters. Country this option to of the international the Font of the characters each countrys CR whether the carriage-return/line-feed (CR-LF) whenever the the right If the characters the right and character. This function LF If the line-feed (LF) with each (CR). If On selected, line-feed command with each carriage-return. On text The to the graphics with the commands. If the high, and Light the If the to This that This reduce the of the printed, and when graphics. the
EPSON C3800 whether the slashed or unslashed FX This allows to which the when the FX Item Font Prop. Pitch On inches 0.05-inch T. Margin Text Italic, PcNordic, ISO 8859-15ISO USA Germany, UK, Italy, Spain1, Norway, Country Spain2, LatinAmeric On CR On LF Light, (or the character with whether or A4 selected. Font Selects the Pitch Selects the pitch (the spacing) of the pitch, measured (characters inch). You choose spacing. or off. the
EPSON C3800 T. Margin the from the top of the to the of the first The measured inches. The the the the to the top. Text the this option, to inch). If the or T. Margin the to the each CG the character (CG) option to the graphics character or the The graphics graphic characters corners, areas, international characters, characters, and mathematical If the of the character as characters. Country this option to of the international the Font of the characters each countrys CR whether the carriage-return/line-feed (CR-LF) whenever the the right If the characters the right and character. This function applications. LF If the (LF) with each (CR). If On selected, line-feed with each carriage-return. Select On text The to the graphics with the commands. If the high, and Light the If the to This that This reduce the of the printed, and when graphics. the
EPSON C3800 Selects whether the slashed or unslashed I239X The I239X IBM commands. These when the the I239X Item Gothic, Font Prop. Pitch inches 0.05-inch T. Margin Text On CR On LF On Graphics Light (or the character with CharacterSet whether or A4 selected. whether or A4 selected. Font Selects the Pitch Selects the pitch (the spacing) of the pitch, measured (characters inch). You choose Selects the character Character the characters and The text based the selected character the
EPSON C3800 T. Margin the from the top of the to the of the first The measured inches. The the the the to the top. Text the this option, to inch). If the or T. Margin the to the each CR whether the carriage-return/line-feed (CR-LF) operation whenever the the right If this off, the characters the right and character. This function LF If the line-feed (LF) with each (CR). If On selected, line-feed with each carriage-return. Select On text Alt.Graphics the Graphics option or off. The to the graphics with the commands. If the high, and Light the If the to automatically This that This reduce the of the printed, and when graphics. Selects whether the slashed or unslashed CharacterSet Selects character or the
EPSON C3800 and This section of shown the LCD of each and correcting the that every shown the LCD the the right of the warning To that the to the then the The LCD displays the amounts of toners and The This and clear the finished. While the displays this the covers or off the The the memory, including the currently or This appears when the than seconds. The the This appears when the and released within seconds. host) The the Cant The incorrect. the and used. While the the USB memory, that the USB memory correctly. While the and white when or of the reached the of its service life, Black selected the PS and PDF the and white that reached the of its service life. the
EPSON C3800 Cant The type and of the The of incorrect the Pressing the the of the of the Press the to the Cant The found that the USB memory. The optional properly. Turn off the the optional and information the optional the optional Transparency You other than when the the Transparency or when the the to Transparency Completely To clear the from the MP The from the of the to the of the specified To clear this Clear Warning from the to the instructions. The the match the type the that matches the To clear this Clear Warning from the to the instructions. The front cover than To clear the the front cover. the
EPSON C3800 specifying the of to of memory (RAM). If this To clear this Clear Warning from the instruction about the to the Cooling The cooling The the ready to displayed. Black and White and white or reached the of its service life. DM The Unit become from the Overflow There enough memory The the front and the To clear this follow the instructions below. If selected as the the the to the back of the or the to the If On selected as the the of Canceled to the USB memory. Either USB memory USB memory or the of reached. Confirm that the USB memory correctly, the USB memory with the that or then the To clear this Clear Warning from the instruction about the to the the
EPSON C3800 The to This appears when the once to the offline, then holding the than seconds to command. Format ROM ROM To clear this the button or off the and the ROM then the ROM If that to clear the There memory to the the specified The lowers the that If the of the simplifying the the of graphics or reducing the and of To clear this Clear Warning from the to the instructions. Turn the off the the to the to You to increase the amount of memory to to the information memory, "Memory The of the or properly. the correctly to clear this There or the properly. Turn off the then the If already the off and the cooled off Then the front cover. the then properly. the front cover. The clears the properly If the cleared, the of with the
EPSON C3800 Unit There or the properly. the If already installed, off the the front cover, then the the properly, then the front cover. The clears the properly TnrCart The the indicated the or the empty. (The C, M, Y, or appear of and the Yellow, and Black respectively.) the indicated Cartridge" AUX I/F Card This that the with the optional interface Turn off the the then The the while or the Press the to clear the N/W There or the network with service PCL There the ROM Turn off the and PS3 There the ROM Turn off the and ROM The the optional ROM Turn off the then the ROM the
EPSON C3800 One the finished. To the other the and the button. with the Unit with Unit only)" or with the Unit with Unit only)" The feed specified the the indicated loaded, then the Overflow The memory to the Press the the to or the to the This appears to the through the when the buttons locked. You them the or the Network to or the Network information. Memory The memory to the To clear this Clear Warning from the See"How to the instructions. To this from memory to as "Memory or reduce the of the to printed. TonerCart The recommended. The and amount of each displayed the from those when EPSON or from the of products or or Clear of the the to clear the warning Cartridge" instructions the the
EPSON C3800 The The and amount of each displayed the from those when EPSON or from the of products or recommended. Press the the to Not Supported USB The connected to the USB interface supported. the to clear the The ready to Press the this the amount of the each displayed Optional RAM The optional memory or incorrect. with WWWW The location where the occurred displayed WWWWW WWWWW the location of the If or locations the locations displayed. Location MP C1 the MP or instructions clearing this type of MP C1 A" C1 the or front cover. instructions clearing this type of C1 A" C2 C1 the optional or instructions clearing this type of C2 C1 A" the front cover or instructions clearing this type of B" the front cover or instructions clearing this type of D" the
EPSON C3800 There the specified of the the The the specified match the the with the and the to or the to the If the without the the the though match the Please Select selected without selecting the Select the and or Please the previous processed. seconds. The front cover To clear this the front cover. The to the the the too Press the to or the to the If this appears On as the Protect the or the If to this when try simplifying the the of graphics or reducing the and of To this recommended that the Protect to On and memory to the and "Memory RAM CHECK The the RAM. the
EPSON C3800 Ready The ready to and this the amount of the each The reached the of its service and to replaced. Turn the off and then the with Unit" instructions. The indicated reached the of its service and to replaced. (The C, M, Y, or appear of and the Yellow, and Black respectively.) the light the with Cartridge" instructions. the light the and white the or the the Unit The reached the of its service and to replaced. the light Turn off the then the with Unit" instructions. The clears the and covers. Canceled The the of the function. The of the memory reached, or the memory memory to To Also, those memory You increase the memory the RAM to Normal or To clear this Clear Warning from the instruction about the to the the
EPSON C3800 The interface and the cleared. other interfaces active and their and to the or to the that to while the Press the to clear this The become effective finished. Alternatively clear this or the the ROM CHECK The the ROM. The currently and Service Cffff/Service or detected. Turn off the least seconds, then back If the appears, write the the LCD off the the cord, then service The currently the This when the or the pressed. this the amount of the each TonerCart read/write occurred the indicated (The C, M, Y, or appear of and the and Black respectively.). the and them. If that to clear the the To the indicated Cartridge" the
EPSON C3800 Clear The clear the the USB Memory Searching The counting the that the USB memory. This that the the indicated the of its service life. Warming The the to ready to Worn This that the near the of its service life. You to the appears. To clear this and Clear from the instruction about the to the Worn Unit This that the the of its service life. You to the appears. To clear this warning and Clear Warning from the instruction about the to the ROM A/Write ROM This internal the the If this Writing ROM A/Writing ROM This that ROM the written. Please this the
EPSON C3800 the products" Cartridge" instructions the (The C, M, Y, or appear of and the and Black respectively.) and the memory the and options of the function and the the option from the Follow the instructions this section. You to RAM to the function. To RAM to the RAM the to Normal or optional memory to this function. instructions about increasing memory, memory the Follow the below to or and the LCD displays Ready or then the to the Press the repeatedly appears the LCD then the the or to to the then the the or to to the then the To specify the of to the then the and to the of To the without the to the LCD the
EPSON C3800 Press the to or to the the Follow the below to or the LCD displays Ready or then the to the Press the repeatedly appears the LCD then the the or to to the then the the buttons, as shown below. four of from through If with the appears the LCD then the the Confirm the and the or to to the then the then To the of to the the and buttons to the of To the the to the LCD to or to the Press the the
EPSON C3800 To the of the and that the options correctly, sheet using the Follow the below to Turn the The LCD shows Ready or Press the three The Confirm that the information about the options correct. If the options correctly, they appear If the options listed, them. If the options correctly, that they securely connected to the If to the to the
EPSON C3800 If to the Follow the bellow to the of the the LCD displays Ready then the to the You to the when the the or when occurred the item from the the Press the the LCD displays then the Directly from USB Memory You the USB memory USB interface without the the or the to If the USB the to OFF this function used. Confirm the to ON If the the the USB memory automatically. that the using USB memory that than GB of memory. Accessing USB that than GB of memory too If of the USB memory, the USB memory too If the USB memory too formatting to the The JPG, TIF, PS, PDF. You EPN created from the MS Word or MS USB Memory which included the software CD-ROM. "Creating with USB memory" information. The EPN created USB Memory High Quality of the the the the
EPSON C3800 You the of the USB memory. Follow the below to the USB memory to the USB interface of the The searches the the USB memory. If detected, the appears automatically. If Cant the the USB memory. Press the to then the Confirm that selected and the to You the such as about the You the the USB memory. The PS, PDF, and EPN. Follow the below to the the
EPSON C3800 USB memory to the USB interface of the The searches the the USB memory. If detected, the appears automatically. If Cant the the USB memory. Press the to then the Confirm that Select selected and the Press the UP or to the then the Press the to then the to You the such as about the The PDF Other of PDF that the with and them from the If PDF with the appears the the to the To the the or to the character and the to the character. characters and the the
EPSON C3800 You the the USB memory. The JPG and TIF. Follow the below to the USB memory to the USB interface of the The searches the the USB memory. If detected, the appears automatically. If Cant the detected the USB memory. Press the to then the Confirm that Select selected and the Press the UP or to the then the button. To another and the To the selected the selected and the to the Press the to then the to the
EPSON C3800 You the such as about the Canceling You from the To from "Canceling or Macintosh, "Canceling the The the and to Pressing this the currently Pressing the than seconds from the memory, including the currently or the Selecting from the clears the from the active interface, and clears that occurred the interface. Follow the below to the Press the to the Press the appears the LCD then the Press the to Press the canceled. The ready to the
EPSON C3800 Chapter Optional Unit about the and that with the optional and optional specifications, "Optional to the following the option: The about One should to or people should the from the shown below. Warning: To the the shown If incorrectly, the and or injury.
EPSON C3800 the optional Follow the below to the optional the interface cover the back of the Turn the off and the and the interface OFF to the from the to shock.
EPSON C3800 the optional from its and where to the the screws with the optional the protective from the protective to the optional the the the indicated below and with the corners of the and the then the gently the that the four top of the the the of the
EPSON C3800 the from the the optional to the with of the screws. the the the interface and the cord. the interface cover. the 12.Turn the To that the option correctly, users: If EPSON to manually the Optional users: attached or to the using OS and OS or below), or Chooser OS and then the
EPSON C3800 Removing the optional the Unit specifications or about the and that with the Unit, Unit" the Unit Follow the below to the optional Unit. Turn off the OFF Press the the front and the cover.
EPSON C3800 the front cover than to the to light. the from the the both of the the the to the to sunlight
EPSON C3800 the the Unit of its the the Unit the the arrow and to the
EPSON C3800 the the front cover. 10.Turn the To that the option correctly, The the Unit cover that the cover as users: If EPSON to manually the Optional users: attached or to the OS and OS or below), or Chooser OS and then the with the Unit with Unit only)" with the Unit with Unit only)" information about
EPSON C3800 the Unit Follow the below to the optional Unit. Turn off the Press the the front cover and the cover. the both of the the the to the Unit and from the the Turn the
EPSON C3800 Memory Memory (DIMM), increase memory to MB. You the Memory and increase memory to GB. You to memory graphics. memory Follow the below to optional memory memory to touching grounded of Warning: when the as and injury. the interface cover the back of the
EPSON C3800 Turn the off and the and the interface OFF to the from the to shock. the screws the back of the
EPSON C3800 the option expanded the memory These shown below. Optional memory memory To the memory the memory that the memory and
EPSON C3800 the memory and the optional memory the shown below Then both of the memory Confirm that the notch the memory matches that of the memory notch apply too force. the option expanded to the memory facing the from the board. the
EPSON C3800 the cover with the screws. the interface and the cord. the cover. the 12.Turn the To that the option correctly, users: If EPSON to manually the Optional users: attached or options, to the OS and OS or below), or Chooser OS and then the Removing memory memory to electricity touching grounded of Warning: when the as and injury. the
EPSON C3800 Interface Card with type interface optional interface to interface interface Follow the below to optional interface the interface to electricity touching grounded of the interface cover the back of the Turn the off and the and the interface OFF
EPSON C3800 the screws and the type interface cover as shown below. Warning: screws and covers that the instructions. the cover You to the interface and the interface the firmly, then the screws as shown below. the interface and the cord. the interface cover. the Turn the To that the option correctly,
EPSON C3800 Removing interface to electricity touching grounded of the
EPSON C3800 Products If reaches the of its service life, the and displays the following the LCD or the of EPSON this the products. LCD The the indicated reached the of its service life. The reached the of its service life. Unit The reached the of its service life. The C, M, Y, or appear this indicating the of the toner to replaced. the that the amount of toner the appear the LCD other Cartridge the following when the products: recommended. or from the of products or them smooth If from cool to least hour to from Products
EPSON C3800 the to and to light than to light the causing or light to appear the and reducing the service of the Warning: the toner. the toner from If toner or clothes, off with and immediately. Follow the below to Confirm the of the that to the LCD or EPSON Press the the front cover and the cover. the front cover than to the to light. products of the reach of of products fire, as they and of them to If toner and or cloth with and to clean the fire or they with cleaner. the to sunlight Products
EPSON C3800 the from the Warning: to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, to allow the heat to touch the the to the of its and gently from to and front to back to the toner Products
EPSON C3800 the straight from the to the to tearing the the Products
EPSON C3800 the cover pinching the of the cover and the front cover. Products
EPSON C3800 Unit the following when the products. the of the Doing Warning: The the Turn the off and the the the products of the reach of the Follow the below to the Turn off the and with the front cover closed the subsided. OFF Products
EPSON C3800 Press the the front cover and the cover. the front cover than to the to light. the light shielding from the and to the the to sunlight Products
EPSON C3800 the the top front of the Unlock the both of the the and then of the Warning: to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, to allow the heat to Products
EPSON C3800 the of its and the protective the the that the notch the right of the the of the the both of the that the completely back to the Products
EPSON C3800 the the top front of the the light shielding from the the front cover. Products
EPSON C3800 Unit the following when the products. the of the Doing Warning: of the products fire, as and injury. of to the products of the reach of the Follow the below to the Press the the front cover and the cover. the front cover than to exposing the to light. the to Products
EPSON C3800 the light shielding from the and to the the both of the Warning: to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, to allow the heat to Products
EPSON C3800 the and of the the from its the the that the the the then the the protective from both of the the the to Products
EPSON C3800 the protective the the light shielding from the the front cover. Products
EPSON C3800 Chapter Cleaning and Transporting the Cleaning the The cleaning. If the or turn off the and it with cloth with or thinner to the cover. These chemicals the and the to the or Cleaning the Turn off the OFF Cleaning and Transporting the
EPSON C3800 the Gently the of the the with cloth. the Cleaning and Transporting the
EPSON C3800 Transporting the the relocating the choose location that easy operation and the following as the amount of around the to smooth operation. To and of the following the indicated amount of The to the of the to the following when to the the where easily the cord. the and from of interference, such as or the of telephones. Cleaning and Transporting the
EPSON C3800 using that switches or timers. of information and memory. around the to allow locations that to sunlight, heat, or outlets that other grounded outlet that matches the outlet that the this Repacking the If to the and Follow the below to Turn off the and the following items: Interface Loaded options the protective the then the its If to the instructions, Cleaning and Transporting the
EPSON C3800 to the following when to the If the its own, people should and the Follow the below to the Turn off the and the following items: Interface Loaded options to the the as shown below. the Cleaning and the
EPSON C3800 Chapter Troubleshooting Clearing If becomes the the LCD and EPSON Precautions clearing to the following when clear force. Torn to and might other to tearing. to with both to tearing If torn and the or this section, that the type that the as the the the front cover than to exposing the to light. the to sunlight Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 the and light-sensitive to them. light-sensitive Warning: to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding the as and MP C1 the from the MP Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 the MP the of and the Press the the front cover and the cover. Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 the front cover. C1 If the MP the and then the MP the sheets of and the Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 Press the the front cover and the cover. Gently sheets of the and light-sensitive to them. Gently sheets of the to the Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 the front cover. C2 C1 If the MP the and then the MP the optional sheets of and the Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 the of and the Press the the front cover and the cover. the front cover. Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 If the MP the and then the MP Press the the front cover and the cover. Gently of the to the touch the and light-sensitive to them. Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 the outer the to the path. Warning: to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, to allow the heat to Gently sheets of straight the the and sheets of Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 the the to the path. the front cover. Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 If the MP the and then the MP Press the the front cover and the cover. the both of the then the and the the the to Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 Gently sheets of the the and the front cover. Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 To the of the and that the options correctly, the or the To from the To from the or Macintosh, The Ready light What to The properly Turn off the the the the and the then the back The outlet that the switch or another switch or the outlet to whether the outlet operating properly. The (Ready light off) What to Press the once to switch the The offline. to ready occurred. the LCD to appears. Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 The Ready light nothing What to properly the illustrated the connected to the The interface both of the interface securely. the and the You the interface If the USB interface, Revision software properly that the selected software. memory too to the of The optional What to users, EPSON users, the The amount of toner only) What to Press the Information the The information the too Info You the information about the the Info reducing the of the software, or memory users: You to EPSON or manually the Optional users: attached or to the OS and OS or below), or Chooser OS and then the OS X, EPSON the Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 Printout The What to You the the choose the specified as the The selected that the the Font information. Printout What to The interface that both of the interface securely. securely. You using the interface If the USB interface, Revision The the Specify the the correct. If sheet correctly, or service The What to The and that the incorrectly and The incorrect. the the the MP incorrect. which the with specify the the MP the the Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 of What to The of each shifted while the shipped or to location. Graphics correctly What to The that the incorrect. the that to You memory. Graphics amounts of memory. memory "Memory from the MP there while the Transparency the LCD the from the MP and the front cover. Confirm the type and and then the type of using them the MP and the to Transparency the the the to Transparency other type of the instructions. Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 What to Black selected as the the this to The the that the using One of the the of its service The when from What to and the to the the then If the the the each about the More the The from what the What to Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and while typically CMYK yellow, and the Profile To apply ColorSync properly, input and the ColorSync, and Profile PhotoEnhance selected the The PhotoEnhance corrects the and brightness of the and If the without the Cartridge" Although to match perfectly, selecting the ICM XP, XP or or ColorSync matching the Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 Quality The background or What to You using the type of If the of too rough, characters appear or EPSON or smooth, high-quality recommended types" information choosing The the Clean internal three with character White appear the What to The the Clean three with character or tone What to or or One of the If the the LCD or EPSON the of its service life. that the amount of toner the Cartridge" You the amount of toner the the the Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 Half-tone What to or or to that unwrapped. One of the If the the LCD or EPSON the of its service life. that the amount of toner the Cartridge" The too when users, the the the Advanced and the graphics. More Then the What to or or You the type of EPSON or smooth, high-quality recommended types" information choosing The the Clean internal three with character You the amount of toner the the the users, the the More the then Smooth The only when and white. Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 the What to or This to the The higher the the the lighter the or You using the type of If the of too rough, characters appear or EPSON or smooth, high-quality recommended types" information choosing Completely What to The than the and to the then the One of the If the the LCD or EPSON the of its service life. that the amount of toner the Cartridge" The with or interface If ejected, the with the Turn off the and The incorrect. the the the MP incorrect. which the specified with the the MP the the The pulled of that the pulled the completely. Cartridge" You the amount of toner the the the Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 The light or What to or or The Turn off the using the or the To the the the Advanced the and the the the users or the Advanced users. One of the near If the the LCD or EPSON the of its service life. that the amount of toner the Cartridge" The of the What to the feed Clean internal three path. with character You the amount of toner the the the Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 Memory What to The the of memory, and the lowers the that the memory What to The memory memory or temporarily the memory to What to The memory of printed. the to of or memory. information memory, "Memory to the If memory or temporarily the If RAM to or Normal the increase the memory this to If RAM to or Normal the increase the memory this to If RAM to or Normal the increase the memory this to Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 properly What to The correctly. that the the and the MP to the The correct. that selected the There the the selected The of from the that the and or the or Too the MP that to too or of the each "MP and Unit" If feed from the optional the properly. To options correctly, The AUX /IF Card appears the LCD What to The the optional Turn off the then the interface the interface of instructions the "Optional Unit" Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 from the optional What to The correctly. that the the optional to the The optional "Optional Unit" properly. instructions optional The correct. selected the There the the selected Too the that to too of the each "MP and Unit" The correctly. to the the optional correctly. when the optional What to The the optional "Clearing to clear option What to The option the users: You to manually the Optional users: attached or options, to the OS and OS or below), or Chooser OS and then the OS X, EPSON the Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 Correcting USB If with USB below, and recommended USB USB or the of USB or both of these should the directly to the USB If USB that the to the first-tier operating with XP, XP or that with and to or that with or and to XP or XP You to or the USB that these specifications or that with built-in USB about software Incorrect or software to USB of the following and the recommended to Checking software XP, XP or using XP, XP or follow the the with the to the software. Microsofts Universal instead. To the Universal follow the below. the then right-click the of Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 Click Preferences the shortcut that appears, then right-click anywhere the If About displayed the shortcut that appears, If with the appears, the software as the If About displayed, the software correctly. the Not appears the process, If to the software XP, XP or the Software appears the process, If STOP to the software Checking software or If the or the the USB or the software incorrectly Follow the below to that the and software correctly. The shown this section from slightly. Access the "Accessing the then the Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 If EPUSBX: the to the following then the USB and software correctly. If the displayed, to the Right-click the then Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 Click the If correctly EPSON USB Devices should appear the If EPSON USB Devices appear the the Other to the If USB or appears Other the software correctly. Proceed to Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 If neither USB appears Other Refresh or the USB from the then the Once confirmed that these items appear, to Other USB or EPSON AL-CXXXX then OK the following appears, OK then OK to the Uninstall the software as "Uninstalling the Software" Turn the off, then the software as the Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 and You the and the LCD information, and Canceling You from the or from the To from "Canceling or Macintosh, "Canceling The the and to instructions, "Canceling the The this section those that when with the instructions to the The correctly the What to The The to the that incorrect. the the and the there where the the this manually to PS3 the through the SelecType the Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 The the The individually each interface that incorrect. interface which the the interface to PS3 The What to The to selected the Clear the to the OS X). The as selected the Option the OS only). incorrect selected. that the that to selected. OS users The Downloadable Fonts the option the selected. The the to other than or PS3 the interface that The or that to appear the OS and OS or Chooser OS What to GX OS This GX. GX. The the network then the the OS and The incorrect. OS or Chooser OS then the that the connected to. the through the SelecType the Clear the as the Option the Clear the Downloadable the to or PS3 Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 The the from that the What to The installed. The the that the that other the users The to to the the Fonts of the turned the the or The correctly specified the of the XP. XP or The What to The the to PS3 the interface that The of and/or smooth What to The Quality to the Quality to Quality or The memory. Increase the memory. If the to to the Table the Fonts of the turned the they printed. Specify the the Font Specify the the Font the to PS3 the interface that then the Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 The normally the USB interface What to users The Format the to ASCII or TBCP users The Format the to ASCII The normally the interface What to The Format from the specified the OS X) The connected to the and the CTRL+D Each or CTRL+D Each the of the to The too The when connected to the the USB interface. that the Format which clicking Advanced the of the to ASCII or TBCP If XP, XP the the then the and ASCII or TBCP The when connected to the the USB interface. that the Format which clicking from the to ASCII If the created that allows to the or encoding, such as Photoshop, that the the matches that the that both the CTRL+D Each and CTRL+D Each to Click Advanced the of the Properties, then the Format from ASCII to TBCP the to On TBCP the "PS3 Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 using the interface. only) What to The of the OS that using This OS or and OS or memory to only) What to The of the following to free memory memory the to the RAM cache the Memory OS Click Advanced the of the Properties, then the Format from ASCII to TBCP the to On TBCP the "PS3 that Increase the memory the that from OS Turn off background Troubleshooting
EPSON C3800 Customer Contacting Customer Contacting If operating properly and the using the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased Customer to them the following information: Product (The usually the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with wishes to with high of service. to the following information: Dont that often and The should the first they often and easily as as the to Customer
EPSON C3800 URL Access the World Worth the The information and technical as to to the and operating products and where the or service located. of The to the information hand when The information the the This information includes type of operating and information required. Sources of information, and services from World Information specifications, (FAQ), and Technical (Phone: with the following the and information Product or service and warranty Customer
EPSON C3800 Thailand information, and services World Information specifications, (FAQ), and with the following the and information Product or service and warranty information, and services Service District City information, and services World Information specifications, (FAQ), through Customer
EPSON C3800 and information Technical Service 3A/B Phone/Fax: IIB Natour HSBC Phone/Fax: MTC P7-8 JI. To technical as as other services, to Limited. Customer
EPSON C3800 established both Chinese and English the to with the following information: Product information to of World Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: Contacts information, and services World Information specifications, (FAQ), through (M) Head Office. Customer
EPSON C3800 and information (Infoline) services warranty, and technical information, and services World Information specifications, and products Head Office Phone: Offices: Phone: Phone: Cochin Customer
EPSON C3800 Phone: Phone: Telephone To learn about products or to service please This toll-free and A.M to P.M) anywhere the country. the To technical as as other services, users to the Corporation the telephone and and below: World Information specifications, Frequently (FAQ), and with the following the and information Product or service and warranty Customer
EPSON C3800 Technical Specifications Since the of or type of the the of type of of purchasing or type to (Recycled to Semi-Thick and specifically The should covered completely, with Thick to to thick EPSON EPSON EPSON Coated Colored Non coated with and of with and reduce quality, or and other using thick the the to Thick. Technical Specifications
EPSON C3800 that should You the following this It and other black-and-white black-and-white or Previously other black-and-white black-and-white printers, or thermal thermal-sensitive or that high-temperature-sensitive (around C) that easily or that cover the completely Coated or that or perforated that or that attracts electricity or of thickness thick or thin that too smooth or too rough that the front and back that curled, or torn of or that right corners Technical Specifications
EPSON C3800 Printable (The should or The the there The the or of to the quality. and electrophotographic RIT Quality: Continuous of and white A4 feed: or feed supply: MP to sheets of to thick of to of to thick of to sheets of and capacity: to of of A4 Technical Specifications
EPSON C3800 with Unit only): and and RAM: MB, to GB or other to 32C to 90F) Humidity: to RH The recommended to 28C to 82F) and to RH. Not to 40C to 104F) Not to RH A4, B5, A5, (LT), Semi-Thick (EXE), Government (GLG), (LGL) Thick A4, B5, A5, (LT), (EXE), Government (GLG), (LGL) EPSON A4 ESC/P (ESC/P ESC/P (FX IBM (I239X (PS3 PCL6/PCL5 (PCL Technical Specifications
EPSON C3800 Mechanical (about with Unit (about without Unit and Rated V-120 V-240 Rated Rated to to while operations completely suspended. and operating and whether type interface or USB memory and U.S. UL60950-1 CAN/CSA-C22.2 EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class Width: Depth: to to (Black and white MAX (with Unit) (without Unit) to to KEAS-1 KEBS-1 (with Unit) (without Unit) Technical Specifications
EPSON C3800 Directive 73/23/EEC UL60950-1 EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN Australian EMC AS/NZS CISPR22 Class This as Class the U.S. of Health and Services (DHHS) Radiation Performance to the Radiation Health and of This that the radiation. Since the completely within protective and covers, the from the phase of user operation. CDRH The Devices and Health (CDRH) of the U.S. Food and Administration regulations products products the United States. The shown below with the CDRH and attached to products the United States. Technical Specifications
EPSON C3800 Interfaces USB interface USB High with USB and OS or and XP, XP or the USB interface. USB to USB as the interface to to the Since USB with USB USB as interface. USB with XP, XP and operating If operating or USB interface. Ethernet interface You IEEE 100BASE-TX/10 BASE-T straight-through shielded, twisted-pair interface with RJ45 Ethernet Interface the USB interface USB Class) about Specifications
EPSON C3800 and Products Optional Product C12C802291 A4, A5, B5, (LT), (EXE), (LGL), Government (GLG) to to feed: One mounted to sheets types: Semi-Thick EPSON Color supply: DC 24V and DC the KEA-2* and Width: Depth: to to including This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. Technical Specifications
EPSON C3800 Unit Product C12C802301 A4, A5, B5, (LT), (EXE), (LGL), Government (GLG) to to feed: types: Semi-Thick Thick EPSON supply: DC 24V and DC the KEA-3 and Width: Depth: This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. Memory that DIMM purchase with EPSON products. the where purchased this or the EPSON Memory MB, MB, or MB Product High Capacity Cartridge to 35C to 95F) High Capacity Cartridge High Capacity Cartridge High Capacity Cartridge Capacity Cartridge Capacity Cartridge Capacity Cartridge Technical Specifications
EPSON C3800 humidity: to RH High Capacity Cartridge This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. Product V) V)* to 35C to 95F) humidity: to RH This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. Product to 35C to 95F) humidity: to RH This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. High Capacity Cartridge High Capacity Cartridge High Capacity Cartridge Capacity Cartridge (Yellow) Capacity Cartridge Capacity Cartridge Technical Specifications