XP-400
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the features of the Product Locations The and these sections to the and Lights LCD Turning Sounds topic: Product The and the light The light The The LCD The back
LCD The arrow and the OK The and (increase or the of The The topic: the You the of the to to To the from the To the the release and the the without first the release or topic: the You the the LCD Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to and the OK
Turning Sounds Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the or arrow to and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK Press the to topic: the You turn off the sound heard when buttons the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to and the OK Press the or arrow to and the OK Select Sound and the OK Select the and the OK Press the to topic: the
Product Locations Product Top these sections to the Product Top Product Product topic: Product Edge
cover release (beneath) Memory Memory light topic: Product Locations
Product topic: Product Locations
Product The the From the AC USB topic: Product Locations The off of You the off, increasing the reduces the efficiency. the From the the the OS topic: Product You the to the the off automatically. Press the button, necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to and the OK
Press the or arrow to and the OK You this Press the or arrow to and the OK You this Press the or arrow buttons to the of which the to off when Then the OK button. Press the to
the the OS topic: The You the software to the the off automatically. the right-click the the and Click the and and Option Information You this the the of which the to off when Click the selected as the OK topic: The You the software to the the off automatically. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select
and More Select You this Select the of which the to off when as the Click Apply the topic: The You and from home, office, or the You smartphone, or offers to and from anywhere: and the the topic: Product
the With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or photo and to as the If when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and More this free Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or it to service such as Dropbox, or as this the below. to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More With Account, from Apple or to You from and the Chrome without or If the first as the
and connected to the the If already follow these to the that IP the the IP the of Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of topic: and More Related Network Sheet
Selecting Wireless Network From the You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the necessary software from the CD. The through or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that or and Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the OK to Press the or arrow buttons to the of wireless and the OK button. If wireless manually. To the wireless manually, Other and the OK as the
wireless (or and then Press the arrow buttons to highlight character or function the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK Then highlight or and the OK to To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK Press the OK to Select to or and the OK The light should flashing. If the light off, selected the or the incorrectly. these to
Loading Loading the type of Loading Loading Loading Loading Capacity or You of and the the and its
the and the the If or the closed. the If of the first and the to the
or and first, the right and beneath the the the the too tightly. the back. follow these only the recommended of sheets.
Loading first, which or top first. the the the instructions. topic: Loading Related references Loading Capacity You of and the the and its
the and the the the If of the sheets first and the to the
or and first, the right and beneath the the the the too tightly. the back. follow these the recommended of
Loading first, which the the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity You this inches the the and its
the and the the the
to the right them and the the too tightly. the back. follow these If of each or the arrow the that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading
Loading Capacity type to this sheets inches Approximately sheets** or A4 inches Bright White sheets sheets inches Brochure Double-sided Quality Iron-on Cool Based the the two-sided to sheets. topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON
count Bright White inches S041586 inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041982 inches S041331 inches S041062 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 inches S041067 S042038 S041271
Sheet count inches S041467 inches S041257 inches S041568 Double-sided inches S041341 Brochure inches S042384 Quality A4 inches S041106 Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading You inches inches inches inches S042180
or A4 inches topic: Loading this Select this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Self-adhesive Brochure Double-sided Envelope topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the anything top of or its as writing to the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top facing as shown. the to the of the indicated corner.
You originals the they least inch from each other. the cover to topic: the Product Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying or the information to or exactly the as Copying or Copying and Restoring You or black-and-white or and of including or photo the the to the Press the necessary. Then the or right arrow and Copy and the OK You this To than the and buttons to the to
Press the or right arrow to of the following: B&W black-and-white To the the the arrow You the Copy Press the OK to You this Press the or arrow to To the the or right arrow and the ready to the To copying, the Copying Copying Copying topic: Copying Related topics the Product Loading
Copying Copying Copying Select that matches the loaded. type Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality topic: or Select the that matches the loaded. You these inches inches A4 inches topic: Copying or the copying options to Not options or other copying
Copying and Restoring Copying option the or of Expands the to the of the With around the Reduce/Enlarge as the Custom Automatically the to the selected Custom the the as the Custom Selects the the the selected type Quality Quality topic: Copying or You the as them. photo the Press the necessary. Then the or right arrow and More Functions and the OK Select Copy/Restore and the OK You this
Press the arrow to On and the OK to the Press the or arrow instructions the Press the You this Press the or right arrow buttons to through and that to
Press the or buttons to or of the photo to If originals the the or right arrow to the then the or buttons to or of the to To the the arrow You this of the following: To the the LCD the OK and the To the the OK and the necessary To or photo, the OK and the or buttons to the ready to the To the topic: Copying
From with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product Related Checking Software You with using as these Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting Selecting or Selecting topic: From Select the the or to photo or
Select the You to the option the or another command. If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of
Select the Quality Option that matches and the to Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the of the loaded as the You the to Select of the If photo, You type and to without the If or with Select the of or as shown the If Select of the If to the the topic: with Related or Related or
Selecting Advanced You of the options to options or other chosen. the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to turn off to the effects. Red-Eye or Prints first. of Black/Grayscale Prints text and graphics or of when Paper/Bright White as the or topic: Selecting Select the Advanced to the and and Click the Advanced You the advanced
Select the Quality Select the type of loaded. the type Select the to the Select the of the loaded.
Advanced Quality Select to or to or with You type and to without the Select or as the of or photo. If Select of the advanced Select of the or off Advanced Quality Advanced topic: with Related You of the to the of the type and chosen. the with with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and text and graphics with high and graphics with and
Advanced and graphics with high RPM the the topic: Selecting Advanced You of the options to options other chosen. Red-Eye or High reduce Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the of Black/Grayscale text and graphics or of when Paper/Bright White as the or topic: Selecting Advanced You the the Advanced to the or off software. Brightness and and tones. the selected the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If
Selecting includes with such as to off to the effects. ICM off software the option. You then software. topic: Selecting Advanced You of and options or the
Selecting Preset To the of or the Reduce/Enlarge and To both of the software to when to the To of or of the checkbox and the options To and their the options. To the of option: To to the selected the option the Advanced To the as the then the necessary) to the amount of If the option the white To the its without as the To to To or the the or checkboxes. topic: with to of You clicking the the Advanced Click the Shortcuts You the options:
or option to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with Once selected ready to and Click OK to You such as this
Checking Click OK or to Checking topic: with Related this showing the of It allows to and
Selecting To Stop To To topic: or the apply while that If to the the and right-click the the Select You the
the of the Software Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Access the and right-click the the
Select You the Click the You the Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting
with OS software to the software. You often the software or this Access the and right-click the the Select Software You this of the following: To often the software the To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software Updates You with OS as these
Selecting OS If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: From Select the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the expanded
The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them Select the and If these the them They selecting from the
Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these
Quality OS Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related Selecting OS or OS You of the to the of the type and chosen. the with with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and text and graphics with high and graphics with and and graphics with high
OS Selecting OS RPM the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected this option the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the
Selecting OS Select the of the as the If photo, the or with option. You to You type and to without the the of or photo as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related You of options or selecting from the the
OS To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To invert or the the or topic: with OS You the and to the or off software. Select from the the Select of the Select from the the
and OS The the the option selected the Matching Select of the options. and OS topic: with OS You from these the and EPSON software, or off ColorSync Prints using and to match You the and the ColorSync the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the using the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or red-eye sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. Color off software using software.
Selecting Preferences OS Preferences OS topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select You this: Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the that that text or
or OS when Paper/Bright White as the or temporary Allows to when expended. High reduce Warning Notifications choose whether or to warning from the software when topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS
Checking OS the of and Click the when appears the You the the following options as necessary: OS To the and the To the and the To the and the To the To the OS To the to the To the to the To the
Product To the To the then the topic: or OS If to the topic: From
Scanning Starting Scan Starting Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or scanning, scanning of these Starting Scan the Product Starting Scan the Scan Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning You to using buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or With OS with USB to the buttons. Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to Scan and the OK The options displayed:
Press the or right arrow buttons to option and the OK Scan to Memory Card memory and the and other Scan to PC directly to or as OS Scan to PC (PDF) as PDF to or as OS Scan to PC and to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and web-based such as Scan to PC (WSD) wireless or (English only). To to PC, first to connected to If connected directly to with USB USB If connected to the from the Press the to scanning. Scan
Scan Scan the Scan topic: Starting Scan You or the when to the buttons. You this using the of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or Select OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or the as necessary. Click OK Click to the topic: Starting Scan the Product You the Scan to and the to Double-click the EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or
Starting Scan from Scanning You Scan this: topic: Starting Scan You Scan from to and the the
With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or scanning and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You Scan this:
Scan other than when first topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS
Selecting Scan Scan Related topics Selecting Scan Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of This the type of scanning, selects and You You based the type of scanning. You options, and and Office You text and them You options and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan Related Selecting the Scan
Selecting the Scan Scanning Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You the and options necessary. Scan and as the You this
To options or the and OK To choose of the options, the the option. To the Click Scan Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Selecting Scan
Scanning Related Selecting Scan You these options Scan from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the photo when scanned, necessary. (If oriented correctly this option, this option and topic: Scanning Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and as the You this
Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the Select this option or to text OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the Scan previews and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning You these options Scan Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light.
Selecting Scan from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
Scanning Office To that the the option. the the and OK Then the The topic: Scanning Office Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the You this
Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where Select the and that match Select the to Click the
Selecting Scan Office Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the button the only the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options Scan Office Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
Scanning Professional the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of and text the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Professional Selecting Scan Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height
Professional Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the If the the the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not the Click the to Click the or OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and You the of using graphical interface highlight, and individually. users only.) Click the histogram to the Tone Correction graphical interface tone individually. only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced users only.) Click the to the
Selecting Scan Professional Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as photo inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the appears the selected.
the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
To that the the option. the the click and OK Then the The To the or OS X) to the and options as or the
Scan or off. Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the using the as There of the and selected thumbnail displays as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the thumbnail Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the preview. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the Scan's and Professional only), to increase the You the its image-editing Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high quality. the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the the to Print/convert to text (OCR):
Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan
Scanned and Optional of the following to the which to Click the of the displayed Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from and optional the Scan. JPEG that the higher the the the (The recommended when to or when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT OS
Scanning with OS PRINT Matching II or that include PRINT Matching II and the the the TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the this Select to the appear Select to or OS to the where scanning. If using the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS with image-editing such as With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. If the button, If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary.
Scan OS Scanning Scanning to PDF Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning You these OS X. Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. topic: Scanning with OS software offers options to Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan topic: Scanning Scan, and PDF Format)
scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the selecting Scan You the Select PDF as the
Select other to the Click the to Click OK Scan and this Choose of the following options the If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished, If to or the or the using the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character screen indicating the to the the and the necessary. Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the
Restoring Colors as You Scan topic: Scanning Related Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting Scan You the as them using Scan's Restoration You this of the Office Scan offers that scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the or the the Restoration checkbox. selecting Scan Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning
Related Selecting the Scan Related topics Scan Selecting Scan
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Scanning to Memory Card Memory Card memory memory the memory and the with the memory the the oriented correctly. Memory light force the the the only The memory light flashes and then
Memory Card memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Memory Card topic: Memory Cards With Product Related Memory Card Specifications You these of memory Cards with Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD topic: Memory Card
Memory Card Specifications Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to of to topic: Memory Card with memory to to from memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory the memory light flashing. Memory light
from Memory Card and and If connected to USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the or the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card these sections to from memory and topic: Memory Cards With Product these sections to and LCD and Displayed the LCD From Memory Card topic: from Memory Card You as them the LCD Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to and the OK The first photo memory displayed:
Press the right and arrow to through and that to or Press the or buttons to or of the photo to To and others the arrow and the selections To the the arrow You this
Displayed the LCD of the following: To the selected and of to Select the OK and the To the the LCD the OK and the To the the OK and the To or photo, the OK and the or to the or the to the ready to the To the topic: and If to or the LCD the arrow and and OK button. Then the To the photo, the to the yellow or the to the outward. To the the arrow buttons. To the the To the the OK topic: and Select these options when the LCD Indicates the of Indicates the type of
From Memory Card Expands the to the of the With around the Red-Eye Off-Current off correction the On-Current correction the topic: and You or from memory of photo photo Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to Functions and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the or right arrow buttons to of the options and the OK You this
Press the or arrow buttons to the that matches the and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to the that matches the and the OK the selected, this If the of the following: To allow to the automatically, and the OK Press the to to If to photo, the Press the OK when finished.
Scanning to Memory Card To the manually, manually and the OK Press the arrow buttons displayed to the OK to each photo If the to the when finished the arrow buttons displayed to Finished then the OK If to the the photo the or arrow buttons to then the OK button. Press the or to or of each to Press the OK To than of the photo the or to the to ready to the To the topic: and Select the to when or or or photo the or of the ID Prints Prints topic: and You to memory memory memory memory
Memory Card or photo the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to Scan and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to Scan to Memory Card and the OK You this Select the memory to Press the You Press the OK button. topic: Memory Cards With Product You to and from memory memory From from Memory Card to topic: Memory Cards With Product
From from Memory Card to from to memory memory to the memory this or from the memory memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Press the or right arrow to and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to type and the OK topic: Memory Card You to and from memory memory and connected to to and from memory while from the memory connected to memory memory of the following to memory from the or then the OS with USB the or then OS with the or the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD Select the that the to to the or memory
LCD to to the memory the memory light flashing, then and the memory to the displayed. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Removing Memory Card
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD expended, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of responsibly and with If to to please to information. Cartridge Purchase Cartridges Removing and Cartridges Cartridges With Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Screen Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of LCD Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Press the OK You this The which or expended, Displayed of the following: If finished, OK and the OK
Checking Cartridge with If to Cartridge and the OK the OK the of the and to temporarily. topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges Related topics With Black and Cartridges appears to when and To the and the the You this
or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
the checkbox the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge with OS Related topics With Black and Cartridges You of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select EPSON You this:
the following as necessary: To the or indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges
Purchase Cartridges Cartridge and Cartridges Related topics With Black and Cartridges You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase and the within months of them. Standard-capacity High-capacity Black 200XL 200XL 200XL 200XL topic: Purchase Cartridges You immediately the ones.
the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If expended, the LCD which to and the OK then choose If the LCD the necessary, and then Cartridge and the OK
the the head hand; otherwise, the white the the the and the straight to of the or to
Warning: If it thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of the four or the the or the from the the the the immediately the the head and to
the yellow from the of the other or or the the and it clicks Press the OK
the The head to its and the charging the This about seconds. the charging finished. off the while the light flashing or If incorrectly, the and the clicks finished, the OK If or and the If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the or surrounding with the facing topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges
Cartridges You the Cartridge to on-screen instructions This allows to or too of the following: Access the right-click the the and Then the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and You this:
With Black and Cartridges Click the Cartridge and follow the instructions to as necessary. topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges expended, temporarily from the as as You with
With Cartridges With Cartridges OS With Cartridges With Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges If that temporarily with and to or To this Click Stop or to If the appears another to the the or the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK displays Click Black to topic: With Black and Cartridges Related Product Selecting If and to temporarily with or
Click the the If that temporarily with only the to OS Click the to If displayed, the OK the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select You this: Select On as the temporary Click OK the or the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type
Conserving Black with Select the option. Click to topic: With Black and Cartridges Related Product Selecting OS The following appears when and there The appears when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to using the the Click this to the If this the topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head Check Checking the the Product If to to clean or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges If become too light, or or light them, to clean the head Cleaning the You clean them them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head using the
of the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the OK Press the button. the this
the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there and the OK If there or the Head Cleaning and the OK to Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary. If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning
Checking the You the head or sheets of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select You this: Click
Head Cleaning Check the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the clean the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning If and the clean the head. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product
Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related topics Cartridges You clean the head using the of the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the or arrow buttons to Head Cleaning and the OK You this
Press the to the cleaning off the cleaning or The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. You this Select and the OK to to that the head clean.
Cleaning the Head If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Head Related topics Cartridges You clean the head using or of the of the following: the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select Head Cleaning You this:
Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the light flashing and to the clean; and the to there the head
Head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product
the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning You the head using the sheets of the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the arrow to Head and the OK You this
Press the to while head You this the and the arrow buttons to choose the the each Press the OK each selection. topic: Head
the Head You the head using or of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Head Click Next then to while head You this:
Cleaning the Path the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head If the back of the to sheets of the
the to without the the back of the ejected to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related topics
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product Transporting Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should the output and when the to from or thinner to the or or other the or Turn off the the connected the Clean the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. Clean the and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise
the the the head and the from the its this the Turn off the the and to the head the right (the If the the head to then the off the to the with the white the otherwise, the the from the the Disconnect connected the and
the the release and the the without first the release or the its or with cushioning around the the to the from the turning If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software these sections to Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Memory Card to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the or the or Apps of OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software
Product topic: You often with the its LCD LCD loaded. the the the then the Combination of IP There with the to and The the of its service life. Turn off the and the of its service The the of their service life. nearing the of its (To the service Communication the connected to and software correctly. canceled. the memory correctly and the memory specifications Recovery occurred using USB and try the If this occurred. Turn the off and then back If the If there topic: Related Cartridge to clear the
Product Related Where to Related topics Cartridges With Black and Cartridges Loading operating properly. interface connected to the Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the OK button. Press the the this
the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Head Cleaning Head Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the button, necessary. Press the or right arrow to and the OK
You this Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the or arrow buttons to of these options and the OK
Software You Press the OK to the selected (Press the to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic: If hear from the following: The first the its head. finishes turn off the or improperly and the finished the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: Related topics Cartridges If while software, try these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software
Network selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related If the these To LCD the To the of the or the release topic: Related LCD Turning Sounds these or or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that or and Product to Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network
Product to Router or Access Network Software Product Network Network topic: If or to wireless router or these to within of router or microwave or such as that router or operating correctly to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless using of the and to necessary. topic: Network Related Selecting Wireless Network From the If these turned and connected to
Product Not Appear OS Network (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. If necessary, software and to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the or from the CD that with the instructions the If router, software to to the router. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Selecting Wireless Network From the If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If connecting the wirelessly EpsonNet and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network If try these that turned software as
Scan Network and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If and the strength. If to router or microwave or such as to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function. If connecting the and the light software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Network Selecting Network From the If Scan these If high scanning If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off turn back and restarting Scan the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the to Network then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the
Network OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface TWAIN- OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related topics Scanning You to the of using Press the necessary. Press the or right arrow buttons to and the OK Press the or arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Press the arrow to Confirm and the OK You this Press the to the (Press the back to the operation.) the shown the to topic: Network
Copying Product Nothing Product It While these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: these sections with Ejection topic:
If feeding these If feed Then the the right and beneath the the the of the that the the arrow the If feed once, the the to the sheets, and If when or sheets, than the recommended of sheets. If when both of the sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related Loading Capacity Related topics Loading If with try these the from necessary. Gently from the and Press the to If the with the Press the to the off. the and the and torn
Ejection the and the to the back follow instructions when topic: Related references or Related Product Related topics Loading If with ejecting properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when
from Nothing Prints topic: Related or Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and
Product Not Appear Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that try this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Click the Preferences Click the the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from
Cartridge If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the If the head the follow the instructions this to and the to the its Complete the topic: from Related topics Cartridges If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and Clear or to existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select
and Inverted Click the and the following High RAW as topic: from Related references or Related Selecting Selecting OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the horizontally or software. (This option operating
Too these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS that the or software topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS
Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints If incorrect try these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading If these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software. the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the topic: and Related Related Selecting
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Selecting OS Selecting If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If connected to USB directly to instead. topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting
Printout Quality Selecting OS Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading If try these the the of the Select higher software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Head Related Selecting OS Selecting Advanced Related topics Loading these sections with quality, White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic:
White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Related topics Scanned Quality If white or try these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Advanced Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Cartridges If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly with or sheet the specifications to and absorption of
the type software matches the type of loaded. each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Advanced Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading
Printout or Printout Printout If or these to of the head Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges Loading If these the of the correctly Select higher and turn off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software
Incorrect Colors If the image-editing to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to topic: Quality Related Head Related Selecting Advanced Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head Then clean the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly Related Related Selecting Advanced OS Related topics Cartridges these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, these memory and the operating such as or If and software. If operating software, try With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related
Scan Scanned Quality If Scan, these turned and interface securely connected both Scan selected power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the button. (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the button. OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan If both and If operating Scan, With OS or to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface TWAIN- OCR scanning software, such as ABBYY To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Starting Scan these sections screen Consists of
Consists of of Appears Scanned of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Upside-Down Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: Related topics Quality If consists only of these facing the If using the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Office Professional Related the If of appears clean the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended.
Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors the Edges directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related the If appears or try these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these Scan and Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality
Too of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Upside-Down If too try these these Scan and try Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan using the This the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the when it scanned, necessary. If photo oriented correctly this option, the and topic: Scanned Quality
Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Related Scanning Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK and the and of and the software using to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with of the the Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Selecting Scan Office Selecting Scan Professional
Scanned Edges Cropped Memory Card Memory Card Not or from Memory Card If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related the these memory with Memory Card Not or from Memory Card To or From Memory Card topic: If memory properly force You to with memory topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Related Memory Card If or from memory these memory memory with the the memory the If too memory the or prompted to of the of or of the memory the of
To or From Memory Card to Uninstall Product Software topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Memory Card Specifications Related Memory Card If to or from memory these memory memory with the securely connected to If to the memory the memory write-protect to it to allow writing to the that the correctly. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Memory Card Specifications Related Memory Card Related topics Memory Card If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Product Software
Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface of the following: to the Apps and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the (other Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall or the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: or Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software.
Uninstalling Product Software OS Where to If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the utility, the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the Scan, or and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with
to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to information to products Specifications Scanning Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3 (U.S.) or the and
Specifications Scanning Specifications topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications Sheet top Sheet Approximately or topic: Technical Specifications type Flatbed, Photoelectric CIS Effective inches Scanning US or A4
Specifications to and internal Light LED topic: Technical Specifications Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Single-sheets A4 and distributed Thickness to inch to to to A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
Specifications inches to topic: Technical Specifications the inch inch Right: inch inch
Cartridge Specifications inch inch inch Right: inch topic: Technical Specifications that and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the
Memory Card Specifications months Cartridge to to within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related Cartridge Cards with Unopened the the month and hours
Specifications Memory Compatible DCF DCF or topic: Technical Specifications Related Memory Card Specifications inches Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory SDXC SDHC SD inches
Specifications Specifications inches inches (without topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to to Rated Rated to copying: (ISO/IEC to Ready topic: Technical Specifications to to to RH (non-condensing) to RH inches inches off to to month
Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications topic: Technical Specifications Interface type USB computers) topic: Technical Specifications Wireless LAN IEEE Wireless security WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES); WPA2 with WPA/WPA2 Communication LAN with IEEE or IEEE purchase location. topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation WLU6777-D69 (RoHS) WEP EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC to the protection from non-recommended of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation of the To interference to the licensed service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications
Notices FCC these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to information to products FCC Compliance Software Notices Copyright Notice United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Software Notices This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes topic: Notices OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE LICENSE This includes software Section to the of each software the of the GPL LGPL and (each Section years the of of this If to the please the of You comply with the terms of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written Young The of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL base-passwd-3.5.7
module-init-tools-3.2pre1 mount-2.12 GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL This includes the software which apply the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the
This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes the software which the of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD The of BSD mount-2.12 RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC The of RPC TCP Wrappers This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the "TCP Wrappers". This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the and of the copyright to the "ARC4". This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the MD5 This includes the software "MD5" which the terms and of the copyright to the MD5 AES This includes the software "AES" which the terms and of the copyright to the "AES". SHA1 This includes the software "SHA1" which the and of the copyright to the "SHA1". topic: Notices EPSON and TM and EPSON of Corporation. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other Notice: Other only and of their owners. and rights those
Copyright Notice Software Acknowledgment topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics.
Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of The the factory to that the of efficiency, and the topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-36513R4 topic: Copyright Notice