front thickness top cover cleaning
rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information contained with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON SoundAdvice service and EPSON FaxAdvice, PhotoEnhance, and of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. CPD Copyright America, Inc. Copyright Notice
EPSON Scan that and Its the choice home, office, or With technology, from reports and to and cards. thats You snapshot, then as as You and then the text With and or or them If to to to feed and the what with EPSON Scan to and laser-sharp text with to everything from business to or with or without both and computers, with USB or Easy-to-use software and
Print, and Scan If know to with EPSON Scan It other EPSON Scan the as using buttons, and to or artwork creations, first to them Thats where You the instead of the the software to the You the or and then the and
follow the instructions to EPSON Scan and its software. to Chapter this information about and location readiness, and EPSON Scan and software easy to using these features: only) You of with photograph or with You choose the and of and to as as those from processing. Copy or Copy and the to high-quality OCR Scanning when with OCR character of and that If and with EPSON Scan that or The incoming to through information. If and or photo, and to
The free to EPSON the EPSON www.epson.com. Welcome About Software software what allows EPSON Scan to and follow the instructions the to the software. The EPSON Scan Software CD-ROM the following: and Work the to and You directly the and (TWAIN) to with advanced whenever EPSON Scan It without EPSON only) and clicking buttons NewSoft EPSON only) and with from easy-to-use If the that free to EPSON when EPSON Copy only) the to high-quality only) and through the the on-screen EPSON and EPSON, or other Format (PDF).
service which through instructions and using On CD-ROM, find: Image-editing software effects, and creating business cards, and More Information There of to and instructions EPSON Scan this and and CD-ROMs. where the first to EPSON Scan and its software. You to follow these instructions or EPSON Scan Reference the CD-ROM) information about EPSON Scan including technical specifications. You or Microsoft or to this instructions reading Reference On-screen with the or of the other software that with EPSON Scan the (or from the
Welcome Several of the software that with EPSON Scan include the PDF the EPSON and or EPSON You the Started the CD-ROM. instructions reading If this the on-screen and the manualsand You EPSON (or the software directly. and instructions. Notes, and Please follow these as this to to to Notes information about EPSON Scan hints scanning, and copying. This information users only. This information users only. Please to the EPSON Scan and back to This to information products, and with EPSON Scan.
the EPSON You the of scanning, as as high-quality copying and photo only). EPSON software, following the instructions the Once the right of the of Click to the Click the to of the applications: Copy Scan to Scan to Scan to OCR Scan to Application Scan Creativity Click with
Click to to the of the Copy Click to Click to the Copy Utility. You the to of or with the highest without only With the Copy Utility, or photo and and Click to Click to Click to copying
Scan to You to or text with First or photo, then the clicking the You and them automatically. Scan to If and service, EPSON Scan to or The the choose, including Then the to and with or Click the buttons, or Click the the to Then the
If than to the to This shows of the Welcome Scan to OCR character or OCR, text that The Scan to OCR easy to the this process: Scan the and clean the this: the choose, including HTML. with the text Click to or reduce the
The easy to You and then them EPSON or cards. of or combining or this, where the
Scan to Application this the You the to and the the this Click to applications.
Scan Creativity This and then with of projectsincluding cards, and Then or to Edition, which through the to instructions using the features, the chapter this to the If information, the To EPSON Click to
the the rather than You the to of the To switch from the to Click the the of the You the Select Switch to To switch from back to the the and Switch to EPSON EPSON easy of EPSON Scan only). You text and them of and with them EPSON software, following the instructions the
To the the EPSON You the EPSON of the things Scan or then as as Scan and (such as the with the Macintosh. Chapter information about faxing. Scan and the as Scan with OCR character then to the Scan and to cards, and Scan and the to of software further editing. Crop or to
You Reference to the to Then clicking EPSON, and selecting EPSON Scan Reference instructions using the features, Chapter this If information, the EPSON Reading Reference EPSON Scan Software CD-ROM. You from the CD-ROM or to and from there. EPSON Scan Software CD-ROM. If Computer Double-click the EPSON SS2000 CD-ROM Double-click the or Double-click the or the EPSON Scan The Reference Click to the to
Click to of Expanded of to to topic. Click Reference The Click topic the to the of Reading To EPSON EPSON (Macintosh), or other PDF Click to EPSON SMART PANEL, SMART PANEL the EPSON and the expanding the of the topic to This the there to Click to the Then the topic to
should when other EPSON Scan software. If from the CD-ROM. Follow the instructions this first With to through the the of the to to the topic of choice. the arrow buttons the or the the right of the to through (The to the of the displays the Click topics, which usually or information, previous
Copying Copying Copying You EPSON Scan the the then the Copy You to You the buttons the to choose or reduced and to the If to than or higher the software that with EPSON Scan. You the software to or of copying features. instructions this chapter the following: Copying without the Copy EPSON Copy (Macintosh) Copying
If thin or the protection instructions. the Copying Copying without loaded, following the instructions the Then feed or photo, following these the to the of the and the the the the of then feed Release the If or the Reduce/Enlarge the selected: reduced reduced light Copy Reduce/Enlarge Copy The lights the Stop/Clear
Press the Copy to of the following: Black and white text Black and white or The lights the Press the Copy the and then back the printed. Press the Stop/Clear to Copying Thin or Items You to feed or the this type of the protection that with EPSON Scan The first the protection to the the to off the the protection and the to the top. the the following the instructions Copying
Copying the Copy The Copy the EPSON and or You or or to the software and connected to and turned Then with the instructions the sections the following: copying advanced and Copying the instructions and EPSON following the instructions Click the to the Then the Copy
Click to choose the type of Click to choose Click to to the of the The EPSON Scan the to Thats why this high-quality You the of Click to Click to the Copy Utility. Choose the type of using from the If which to choose, Then choose Choose of the following types: Choose Text text only. Choose copying photograph. Choose Text and includes both text and Click the buttons to switch from to and white, or increase the of to Click to choose type. Click to on-screen Click to copying. Click to copying Copying
Copying finished selecting the Copy the and of the Then the printed. the You the Copy to the of the If to or to to of the following: If the to the as the the to to the to Click Other then the or Reduce/Enlarge to increase or the of (The the ratio of the to the
If to follow these Click the the Copy You this Click and to Click to to or You the to reduce or Then OK to to the To to to You this Click and to Click and to to Copying
Copying Choose from of the following options: Click and choose the of from the Click then the and appear the Source and boxes. To the manually, selection and then the and appear the Source and boxes. To the manually, and the around the To the to and the around the Source The immediately the Click OK to to the Advanced You photograph or photo apply or tint, and brightness, and Click More the Copy You this On the Enhanced Copy necessary. Click the arrows to options.
If the arrow Photograph selected, then OK to to the To the of automatically, and the arrow. You this Select the option that and OK If copying photograph and to the and the arrow. You this Choose of the following options and OK straightens the the to the that fits the Copy fits of the Copying
If to Conversion and the arrow. You this Choose the to to and OK To the the the to the following then when Brightness the amount of light the the of light and the the intensity of
and You and to Click the Advanced (If closed the the Copy to the You this If to the To the arrow Watermark/Layout appears to choose the Click OK You the EPSON Scan Copying
You Reference instructions. Copying Click the You the Select the from the If to the or of the You the and OK Click OK to the finished Click the Copy to copying. Click to choose Click to
Custom You as type. to the type from the finished the Copy You this the and The to the the If to type, the type to and type Copying
Copying EPSON Copy (Macintosh) If EPSON Copy to and the software and connected to and turned Then with the instructions these copying and Copying Double-click the EPSON Personal Copy PPC to EPSON You this Click these arrow to the of the instructions and EPSON following the instructions Click to the Click these arrow to
Select the of from the ORIGINAL SIZE If type the and height Click the OPTIONS the the loaded. Choose and If choose from three (highest quality) If EPSON choose the to the Click the arrows to the of Click to Choose EPSON Scan SF: SS2000 selected. Choose and Copying
Click to Click the START to and of the Then the printed. and Copy Click the arrow the RESET The expands to Click the PREVIEW the and back of appears the as shown Click and the around the to copying. You the of clicking the PRINTER and then the around the Click to Click to of Click and this to the
Click to copying. these to brightness, and these to the amount of red, or Click the SETTINGS to the to increase or of the following: the amount of red, or the amount of light (brightness) the the light and the or intensity of specified Click the PRINTER to with the chosen. Click the SCANNER to to preview, or the RESET to to the Click the START to copying. Copying
Copying
with EPSON Scan other You the (or from the or To photographs, the EPSON only). to things: the right Choose the right If other automatically each type of Thats why They what of or to Its easy to follow the instructions this chapter. them these with with with
the and To the and the of the right of the Then the the the the If the as shown. Follow these the (whiter and brighter than the other with to them correctly. or the top of the the first. Dont the arrow the The of sheets the type of EPSON Scan Reference sheet the to the as as
You EPSON to photographs that as as the from processing. EPSON 6-inch around the and the photo to the of the paperon A4 inches), and inches) the following when EPSON 6-inch You to sheets of photo to inches. Choose as the and the the back and forth the perforations and tear off the the back of EPSON and information. instructions of the EPSON Scan Reference You about of to first, with the
the thickness to the the to the to as the and the with You type of from following the this section. created PhotoDeluxe Edition. connected to turned and the software the instructions. as Click the or the and Print. thickness
This shows the You these: Click the the EPSON Scan selected... this matches the Choose only. the option to Choose or Click information. then Properties.
Click the information about of these the EPSON Scan Reference instructions Choose the shown If which to choose, Click the the top of the to the of or Click the to reduce or layouts, or
appear Click to or below. Click OK the Click OK to the appears. You or You and of the printed/ information the EPSON Scan Reference You type of from following the this section. created connected to Macintosh, turned and the software the instructions. as Click to Click to or Click to about the displayed
This shows the Choose only. the and You this: Choose and other Then OK. Click the or the and choose You the this matches the the option to Choose the noted If which to choose, You the following: Click the to reduce or layouts, or Click the Background to Choose or
Click the to the to You then to Click the to Click to If turned background the EPSON as shown below. You or as necessary. information the EPSON Scan Reference instructions the with You choose photographs and other of and advanced features to This section covers the following both and Macintosh: Enhancing photographs advanced Choosing the right EPSON
Photographs the appearance of or effects. Although with when affects the the Follow the instructions the previous sections to EPSON Scan or options (Macintosh). the the and choose the Click PhotoEnhance then to the as shown the low-resolution only). Choose or with the other Select other to then: Click OK the Then OK (or to Macintosh: Click to Custom Custom choose graphics, or operating and other choose. Follow the instructions the previous section to EPSON Scan or options (Macintosh). the and choose or Black
instructions softwares the EPSON Scan Reference Click the Custom then the Custom You of types, as shown the Select of the below: Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and rough ICM: created ICM and as closely as (recommended only). created using such as those the on-screen (recommended only). ColorSync only): Automatically to closely match the Select other to then OK or (Macintosh). Advanced advanced You advanced as them whenever Follow the instructions the section to EPSON Scan or options Select the and choose or Black
them as group. Then them whenever Click the Advanced and OK. Click the Custom then the Advanced You the Advanced Choose Quality Select (the operating Select other to change, then: Click OK the Then OK to Macintosh: Click to
this Select this or EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Heavyweight EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Quality EPSON EPSON the Right EPSON You to choose the right EPSON Scan the coverage accordingly. This that the of the should choose EPSON If with cleaning the cleaning with EPSON Scan; the The to photographs to the EPSON only). You or to You or or that already Quality
connected to turned and the software Then follow the instructions Scanning below, or Computer Scanning Click the to the Then the You the Click The Click Scan You this This information apply to the EPSON Scan You
the as shown. the the of then with the first. Press this to photo scanning. information about the (including or Click the Scan and of the Then this
If to and and If finished scanning, You photo(s) this: to the information. If with the arrow and Then with the Click the to the Then the You the Click The Click from You as shown to the Then OK You image(s) displayed the Then the the section. with the instructions the
You choose to of the or or the of each If Select the with If Specify of and then the and arrows to the of each as shown below: Click to increase the of
Click to EPSON Quality Cards. Click to EPSON 6-inch Click to or the of each You the Click the the You choose from three A6, EPSON Quality Cards (or or type of instructions and
You which If the following: This the of sheets to the shown. Click the that to On or the If to of the If each or them, as shown. the this Click to through the
the coverage to the Click then the arrows the right to through the Choose the right the Choose EPSON Choose Quality EPSON Quality Cards. of EPSON and the instructions using of the EPSON Scan Reference choose You this Click to
Choose from the following which and slightly to the or apply If choose trimming, with and then with white Choose (to increase and sharpness), of three effects), or the button. You to the Click to photo(s). the appears, as shown finished or of the other to using Print.
If using Macintosh, instructions. Scanning with Scanning with Scanning with Scanning with Scanning with EPSON Scan and text Then or the them or them to of that If with scanning, the EPSON Scan TWAIN interface to with Photoshop or other the of with instructions the following this chapter: scanning with TWAIN Scanning to OCR processing) Scanning to Scanning creativity Scanning to Scanning with TWAIN The basic of or (such as or Photoshop) the TWAIN and options Scanning and Scanning with
If clicking GET AND FIX PHOTO, then the arrow below the and input Click the to the Scanning then to the EPSON TWAIN Scanning with The first with EPSON Scan to as TWAIN Scan software and EPSON Scan connected to and turned the to the of or photo. the with the first. Press this to scanning. information about the (including or thin Photoshop. From the choose then Select TWAIN Source. Select EPSON Scan SF (sheet-fed) and Select.
From the choose then TWAIN The EPSON TWAIN If photograph, the If text or the Choose of the Quality Scanning with shows
Scanning with Choose the Choose that to their or (or to them or the Choose text Choose higher or to Higher that to and process. with the the section photo, or the text or art. Scanning Follow these photograph or as Select Unsharp to automatically. Choose or Black White. of the following: Click the Scan to or the the and or and of the The TWAIN and appears Click the photo or the and back The appears the right of the TWAIN with
If to the or section, and the to the You around selection, as shown the You and the to around or its Click the to and white around Click the to of photo. Click the Scan or the and as scanned. the TWAIN Click the to the TWAIN Scanning Text as Click the the and back The appears the right of the TWAIN as shown below: Click Threshold and the to the Scanning with
Scanning with of these AAS Segmentation) that both and TET (Text text Threshold to the brightness. You then the to text or the Scan the and as scanned. The TWAIN and text appears If to the text to OCR character instructions to OCR with the EPSON EPSON TWAIN Click the the TWAIN You the Select and to and and the TWAIN the the of Select to whenever the TWAIN
Select to match the as closely as (recommended only). Click OK to Scanning to OCR OCR character the of text that the software or Then and the or This section covers: Scanning the text Processing the text Exporting the text Scanning the Text the as Click the to the and the Scan to OCR You the OCR welcome. Scanning with
If and the TWAIN information about the TWAIN Scanning with Click The Scan to OCR Click the that to the scanning. Choose of the following Scan buttons: that include and white photographs or artwork with Black&White that include text only or text with If than Scan If to If the the and then as scanned. You the Click and the the to the to You of other this Click the Scan the and then as scanned. Click to TWAIN
Press the Stop/Clear the EPSON Scan and If than appear the first Click to or to to the Follow the the section to or the Processing the Text completed, this If another OCR If the text English, the Click You this Scanning with
If than to the to This shows of the Scanning with Choose of the following the which with and Force text Click the Click to the software crooked and the of the Click OK to to the Scan to OCR Then to the completed, this: text appears the If necessary, the or to the of the the to the of the Unclear characters highlighted characters with Click to or reduce the
Click the text the and or as necessary. The the shows of the the editing the the You the You the text or further Follow the instructions of these the Text below, or Word Processing the Text Click the You this Scanning with
Scanning with and choose of the following types: Text that and with text RTF Text Format) that and Microsoft Word or other formatting). HTML (Hypertext that or as PDF Format) that and Click the to choose the where to choose of the following: each each the and each Click the The
Word Processing Click the You this: The software the that the Select the to then the The and displays You with other The with the DOCU0001 Windows\temp You the location and If to the the Property You the Application Scanning with
to to and connected to Scanning with Select the The appears the Format You of the other If to to the to Scan to Application. instructions. If to from the the and Appear Application to the Click OK to the Application Scanning to If service, and easily and other the software to of easy You the when the reads to Scan the as Click the to the and the Scan to You the Scan to
If type of (other than photograph), choose Newspaper, or Brochure. These and Click The Scan to the type of to from the Scan You of these clicking the buttons the If and the TWAIN information about the TWAIN Choose of the following Scan buttons: Color: type of or and white photographs or artwork with Black&White: text or with Choose of the following Destination buttons: that the or the (Normal): text or that normally photographs or other that the highest or with this Scanning with
Scanning with If than Scan Click the the and then as scanned. You the Click and the the to the to You of other this that the correct, with the the section. Scanning and the Click the Scan the and then as scanned. Press the Stop/Clear the EPSON Scan and
Click the or to the If than appear the first scanned. Click to or to to the completed, this: to the Choose from the when finished You to the Click Specify You this (shown to the the right of the If than they numbered. Scanning with Click to the or
If AOL or another that supported, or photo and to Scan to Application, as Scanning with choose The JPEG choice If to thats choose Text, Text Format, or HTML The software OCR and the information. to when the clicks only). Click Apply to and type choices, then The software the and choose the to The following supported: such as Microsoft and Microsoft Select then
You write and then with image(s) or text attached. Click finished or of the other to Scanning Creativity EPSON Scan creative business cards, and Scanning Creativity these the that with EPSON Scan. CD-ROM when photo or the as Click to the then the Scan Creativity You the Creativity Click The Scan Creativity Follow the through to choose and Scanning with
Once of its to and text and effects, or of information, or the Started the CD-ROM (GetStart.pdf). Scanning with completed, this: Click to Click the to Then the Selection You choice. Click the to the with image(s) the the photo to the to or effects Click the first to Then follow the instructions the to the Click to
CD-ROM when finished and to Scan Creativity, or of the other to Scanning to Application flexibility, and to or the as Click to the then the Scan to Application You the Application Click The Scan to Application Follow the through to choose and Scanning with
appear If and than chance to the of the Scanning with completed, this: to the information. Click You this: You the or from the the following sections instructions. Click the to then the Application The and displays image(s). Click to rearrange the the
The image(s) to the that If to the the Application instructions. finished and the to Scan to Application, or of the other buttons to New Applications You and it appear the the the Application You the following Click the to the to Scanning with
Scanning with Select the that the then You to the Application with the displayed: Select the to the Scan To Application Select the the information about choices, The appears the Scan to Application
Applications or You that to appear the Scan to Application or the each the the Property You this: Select the to The appears the Format If to of the other that Click the Option to If to the selected from the Application Appear Application to If to the from the This option finished, OK Scanning with
Scanning with
to to free to Macintosh. The the EPSON www.epson.com. Scanning Scanning Scanning Scanning and text Then or the or with them another such as If OCR Character to that This chapter to from then to the to You of the to from other applications, such as or Photoshop. Starting Scan the software and EPSON Scan connected to and turned the to the of or photo. it the photo with the first. Press this to photo scanning. Scanning
If to from follow the instructions the Started CD-ROM. Choose EPSON Scan SF Scanning information about the (including or thin Double-click the EPSON You the Application From the choose Select Source then Select TWAIN Source You the Select Click the Scan SF and then OK Click the the Scan Preferences
The EPSON TWAIN If photograph, the If scanning text or the Choose of the Quality Choose the Choose that to their or (or only to them or the Choose text Choose higher or to Higher that to and process. Scanning shows
Scanning Choose with the the section photo, or the Scanning Follow these photograph or as Select Unsharp to automatically. Choose or Black White of the following: Click the Scan to or the the and photo or and of the The TWAIN and appears Click the or the and back The appears the right of the TWAIN with If to the or only section, and the to the You outline around selection, as shown the You and the outline to around or its the to and white around Click the to of
Click threshold and the to the Click the Scan or the and as scanned. the the EPSON TWAIN with Scanning Text as Click the the and back The appears the right of the TWAIN as shown below: Scanning
Scanning Select of these AAS that both and TET (Text text Threshold to the brightness. You then the to text or the Scan the and as scanned. the the EPSON TWAIN with If to the text to OCR. instructions OCR scanning. EPSON TWAIN Click the the TWAIN You the Select and to and and the TWAIN the the of Select to whenever the TWAIN
tree Select ColorSync to the ColorSync matching the as as Click OK to with software of from Once to faxing, or as easy as to of the Application Click the Inbox to the of the appear workspace: thumbnails Scanning
Scanning of these To its to the the Application (You and Follow the instructions to as the to the to utility. You and that If turned about with EPSON Scan. thumbnail to the to Chapter about thumbnail to the to with the Started the CD-ROM instructions and creating to of the other buttons the Application to that To to the thumbnail and choose from the and then choose location and OK To the and choose from the or the to the trashcan the right of the
You to the Application To the its thumbnail. Once of or text or OCR text To the the Inbox tree Performing OCR Text Follow these to turn text that Follow the Scanning Text Double-click thumbnail to Click the the to the of text Once processed, or To the the tree to to the the thumbnail to the Application The that and to Applications to the Application of the and them to the Application To follow these Choose Preferences the or the Preferences the Scanning
You and OCR Scanning Click the Applications Click the The Application appears. the and location of the to or the to search the Click OK to then OK to the Preferences appears the the Application To the Applications and Scanning Directly to Application You the buttons to directly to or or software, or without the EPSON TWAIN and without the or
and It assigns the whatever selected the Chooser to the You text without using OCR the or another the Scan to and text ready to Follow these to buttons or From the Scan The Scan appears. If necessary, the To to the Scan the You the Click to these or when Scanning
Scanning Select the Scan to and then type the other and OK These the that when the to Normally, chance to these the TWAIN each Choose other the If to type or other the to the each the Scan that to finished, OK to To directly to its the Scan You indicating that the EPSON Scan scanning. If EPSON TWAIN, or immediately. ready to text or with
to to to Macintosh. The the EPSON www.epson.com. If and with EPSON Scan You anything that or and software faxing: If and software that with EPSON Scan. If with the or other software EPSON Scan CD-ROM software that through to instructions and the software and EPSON Scan connected to and turned You to or connected to and connected to phone If turned with EPSON Scan with software and the to and incoming or the Scan to the using Follow the instructions this section and Scan to
If created to and You Follow the instructions the EPSON Scan CD-ROM. the to the of or the with the first. Press this to faxing. information about the (including or thin Click the to the and the Scan to You the Scan to Click the Quality to Normal, or to these buttons. Click the the to Then the
Click the Quality to of these Normal higher smooth-looking photographs Click the to whether or Click the the to the To and type the the correct; then the to the to process. the and then as scanned. appears then that If appear the first scanned. Click to or to the or that already scanned. Press the Stop/Clear the EPSON Scan to the Click the to the Scan to
If only and telephone, might to to manually. Right-click the and You when them. Click the Print-out the Scan to to this EPSON Scan software, to automatically. You while the background. This what when You the the Scan to The light the The To the the Click to Then of the following: Click the to the and the information about the Click the to the selected Click the to the
Click the OCR to the Scan to OCR and the text information. Click the to the Click to the Scan to You (or change) header information that appears the top of and the buttons. Click the You this Information, the text to appear the header the top of Normally the Scan choose A4 or these listed, choose Custom and then the of the faxing. You to inches
You to that instructions. to buttons. These then when the the Scan to Click OK to the To with EPSON Scan, and that and through the to the of or photo. the with the first. Press this to faxing. information about the (including or thin
Double-click the EPSON You the EPSON If selected Scan SF as TWAIN follow the instruction to Preferences Click the Click the You the Preferences Select or the Then OK Click the the Scan the and back as scanned. Then Follow the instructions to Preferences
To active account, and to to from both and through with the You to about when off or when connected to the and their as to as as them, the EPSON Scan CD-ROM If Double-click the EPSON SS2000 CD-ROM the and faxoffer.exe or The MicroViewer and this offer: Click and to the where from that includes and PIN. Click to
service should directed to If to or Toll-Free, their and follow the instructions the the when finished. with others and business cards. arrive as to To them, the You PIN to account the account includes Activity that to 10MB. the Activity the If to account that them to others, or them to yourself.
EPSON Scan EPSON Scan EPSON Scan EPSON Scan This chapter the to to EPSON Scan its Reference instructions this chapter the following: cleaning the head Cleaning the EPSON Scan Transporting the EPSON Scan Cleaning If light or the to cleaning This the head they properly. The cleaning should You the cleaning using The Head Cleaning (with EPSON Scan connected to The buttons the EPSON Scan EPSON Scan
off the while the light the hasnt or than EPSON Scan the Head Cleaning the EPSON Scan turned and the of the following: Click to then Right-click the EPSON Scan and Click the the and choose or Print. Then the Click the Head Cleaning the Follow the instructions the to the head cleaning Cleaning about which the and the light flashing, with the and or Confirmation (Macintosh). The and lights off. light flashes. the
the the turned and and that the and cleaning and three seconds. Press the Cleaning about which the and the light to the and the cleaning the Check, the and as below. the EPSON Scan turned and the of the following: Click to then Right-click the EPSON Scan and Click the the and choose or Print. Then the Click the the Follow the instructions the to the lights off. cleaning light flashes. and lights off. EPSON Scan
To EPSON Scan least once month. EPSON Scan the It should something this (the should the section red, and and straight should with the If as shown below, the cleaning If the If the Clean to another cleaning If cleaning four or the off, the and the cleaning If or both of or and to them. instructions.
To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. Cartridges or light flashes, that This to the light the and to You cant empty. the of of the only). Click the To the and then follow the instructions to Cartridges should where bought You them from EPSON (U.S. only). please these EPSON within months of them and the the EPSON S020189 EPSON S020191 If to the lights the too follow the instructions Outdated Cartridge EPSON Scan
You the from the top of the or permanently the clear from the of the or EPSON Scan the Cartridge light flashing, or when Follow these You when the the from its the of the top. Dont off the or to the clear the the then the front cover.
Dont the or to with Once cant it warning If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of cleaning and about three seconds the head and the Press the light flashing. the The from its the of the and of the its with the facing and the back of the Dont the EPSON Scan
off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Dont the or to with Once cant warning If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of EPSON Scan Press the Then the The the head and charging the the charging seconds the light flashes and the sounds. Charging about seconds. finished, the The the front cover. the Black Cartridge light flashing, or when You when the Follow through and the The from its the of the and of cleaning and release quickly. light flashing and
off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the its with the facing and the back of the Dont the Press the Then the The the head and charging the the charging seconds the light flashes and the sounds. Charging about seconds. finished, the The the front cover. Outdated Cartridge If than months to as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or both or Follow these to the light flashing or as the Cartridge the turned and Then the and the front cover. cleaning and release light flashing and EPSON Scan
To the the head hand. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than EPSON Scan and about three seconds the head to the The Press the light flashing. If to the to below. If to the only, the and release to the head to the the and the as Dont the cleaning button, however. and release quickly. Press the The the head and charging the The light flashes and the sounds. Charging about seconds. finished, the light flashing and
thats least to from the and EPSON the whenever the head or thinners, and the You the mechanisms. the Head If or crooked to the Head EPSON Scan connected directly to to this the turned and of the following: Click to then Right-click the EPSON Scan and Properties. Click the the and choose or Print. Then the Click the Head the Follow the instructions the to and the Cleaning the EPSON Scan To operating its clean to the off, then the and the Press the to and cloth and to the outer and of the to the clothjust the front and top covers to from EPSON Scan
warning to touch the internal EPSON Scan the top cover and the with cloth, or with blower If the with cloth. Transporting the EPSON Scan the EPSON Scan and to the to turn the off. Then the and the interface Press the the top cover closed. and then the and the lowered, then the front cover. the with as shown. the cover and the the and to the the EPSON Scan
Its to to www.epson.com and the section to there downloading to This chapter the basics and with EPSON Scan. First to what the of the Then and to and software You the lights, as below. If while the only). It helpful to instructions. Checking the Lights light light light light light
The EPSON Scan and ready. It flashes when the scanning, copying, or flashes the the and If the light to flash, off the and of the path. Then back and the You of the right then the the Press the supply S020189, S020191). or You to the S020189, S020191). instructions. or or the or other or occurred. Turn off the EPSON Scan, the top cover, and the Then the cover and the back and and and Turn off the or of there enough around the Then the back If the lights flash, or EPSON; information. off the lights off, the EPSON Scan Turn off, the securely, and back Follow these when the lights or flash: to of the head. Turn off the the front cover, and Then If the lights flash, or EPSON; information. the outlet and switch or another
You to whether the from the EPSON Scan or both the EPSON Scan and turned off. the interface from the EPSON Scan. loaded. then and release the the holding the the light to flash, then release printed, showing the ROM counter, and the printed, off the Then the interface and EPSON Scan and If the satisfactory, the software the interface or If the correctly, with EPSON Scan. the and information.
and troubleshooting EPSON Scan, software, or or Since copying both and scanning, both and Copying and Scanning and the EPSON Scan or Its Software The the The first the charge its Please charging finished (the light flashing) off the the locked completely and that the The finished charging the the light flashing. the from the If the or the light flashing passed, the off. If the light flashing when back or Where To
the software. EPSON Scan turned and the securely to the and closed other applications, including Then the software following the instructions the to USB USB and This the EPSON Scan includes and internal USB though the repetitious, of the installation. You the following the to the the EPSON CD-ROM and or CD-ROM. Then OK If CD-ROM, the You the following Please Edition CD-ROM and the EPSON Scan CD-ROM. Then OK to the pass-through EPSON Scan The EPSON Scan to this type of You the and to (You to
the EPSON Scan directly to built-in switch You the EPSON Scan to USB only). EPSON Scan with when to the You to software. To this the the EPSON Scan. information. using the ECP/DMA or the instructions. Reference instructions. and Copying the light nothing Turn off the EPSON Scan and the interface connected securely. shielded USB AB interface or IEEE-1284 theres the
If trying to or enough memory. as If successfully, and software correctly. If to as Reference The sounds as though nothing the head clogged. To cleaning too the to If high-resolution than the listed. You to the following: Clear or Dont too the Increase memory (RAM). the the following: Choose Black include other the Quality/Speed to If from to to and instructions. when turn or while.
Quality You the head clogged. To cleaning the matches the loaded. the of the It whiter or the lights. If light flashing, the If than months to If when when instructions. using the the expanded information.
You or the head clogged. To cleaning the Head instructions. the of the It usually whiter or Dont the High
matches the the EPSON and other or smeared. isnt curled, or (the should instructions. sheet with or or sheet the Head instructions. the thickness If smears when thick the to the as shown below. to the when
If with cloth: or the the head clogged. To cleaning the lights. If light flashing, the the matches the isnt dirty, or instructions. the or the
incorrect or the to the head To cleaning If high-resolution turning off PhotoEnhance. instructions. exactly match However, to as as information softwares matching options, Reference incorrect characters. the interface connected securely both EPSON Scan selected the Chooser as the or as the there If there them and then Dont switch with
higher the Quality/Speed to the Quality software; or instructions. the Head instructions. You to increase the or software instructions. and white. and selected software selected and the software. with If EPSON Scan or and the of then the of the following: isnt creased, or too thin. The resting the of isnt the arrow the If the Press the to the Then the or the of and then the
Printout The incorrect. the software instructions selecting the The or incorrect. the and/or options correctly. The selected or as the selected the the head clogged. To cleaning Scanning and Copying or the or the operation finished. You cant while copying or the correctly and evenly. If the and try If and off the EPSON Scan. Then the top cover and the or photo.
Something or incorrect the If the or If text or incorrect, the threshold the TWAIN information. If with of graphics, correctly the OCR software. If the protection isnt or straight and the straight the the Quality the TWAIN You of these the the or ready EPSON Scan turned and securely connected to or USB EPSON Scan selected the Chooser restarting EPSON Scan You this The of or photo correctly the instructions. to printed. the Chooser, SS and background Then try copying
software correctly. enough memory to or high-resolution other or You to increase memory (RAM). If using EPSON TWAIN, selected EPSON Scan SF as TWAIN If using EPSON Copy only), selected SS the Chooser. EPSON Scan turned and the interface securely both restarting EPSON Scan Quality The or crooked. If the or the protection and feed straight the the the when the If the Straighten the The If or copying photograph, EPSON Quality or If using the TWAIN Quality and
If the to type of (other than photograph), choose Newspaper or Brochure as Scan from the the clean. cleaning instructions. If using the protection isnt or Uninstalling Software If to software, follow the operating and type of Uninstalling (USB Click EPSON Uninstall EPSON Then follow the instructions the Double-click then the the and EPSON Scan then OK Double-click EPSON Software then Select the EPSON Scan and OK Then follow the instructions the EPSON USB then follow the instructions the automatically.
To software, follow the instructions Uninstalling Click EPSON Uninstall EPSON Then follow the instructions the Click EPSON Scan, Uninstall EPSON Scan SF TWAIN Then follow the instructions the Double-click then the Double-click EPSON Software then Add/Remove. Select the EPSON Scan and OK Then follow the instructions the To software, follow the instructions Uninstalling EPSON Scan CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON Scan the EPSON Scan Click the arrow to and Click the the of the To software, follow the instructions
services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to CompuServe reach the America free introductory CompuServe membership, and Automated telephone services Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice SM pre-recorded to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON FaxAdvice TM Access technical information You to this service. EPSON the location of Authorized EPSON or Service Customer To If with EPSON Scan or its the information below. with the EPSON or information. EPSON Technical EPSON technical through services and telephone services hours as the following To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and AM to PM
Software EPSON www.newsoftinc.com www.adobe.com/ or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Scan Product (located the back of the of the You purchase and from EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please Technical Other Software If with EPSON Scan software, please the information below: If using other software, the technical information.
improperly shielded USB than the EPSON Scan to malfunction. Notices Notices Notices Notices This chapter includes and instructions, and other information about EPSON Scan IBM PC with least or recommended) Microsoft or At least 16MB of RAM (32MB or recommended) At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) VGA or and recommended) CD-ROM the software or recommended) should of the following interfaces (USB recommended): USB or with shielded USB AB interface from to (EPSON Scan), to high-speed, bidirectional, to the D-SUB, and the Notices
If using OS to the the EPSON Scan software. This from the Apple If OS or Apple that the Dont outlet that turned off switch or or the as This the which the memory or its supply. Notices or G3 with built-in USB OS or or recommended) At least 32MB of memory (64MB recommended) At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) VGA or recommended) CD-ROM or recommended) the software USB or with shielded USB AB interface from to (EPSON Scan), to Location the EPSON Scan that the The EPSON Scan correctly or locations with high or humidity, sunlight or to shock and or of heat or interference, such as telephone enough around the EPSON Scan to allow the EPSON Scan grounded where easily fiche
the off the Dont switch off the or the the light off. NERGY TAR ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The EPA ENERGY STAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused Ready EPSON Ready. the other of ready the year Instructions EPSON Scan the following instructions to and effectively: to follow and instructions the EPSON Scan. Turn off and the EPSON Scan cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the EPSON Scan. or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. the become or frayed. Notices
Notices If with the EPSON Scan, the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the as specifically this to service the EPSON Scan yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the EPSON Scan or the of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of the or try to them. This to the head. Once the or the to it with The become otherwise.
the the the within months of them. this the head hand; otherwise the the EPSON Scan, the head the right and the Notices
Notices DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: B2-11 CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: Function C120A Product: EPSON Scan
This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes FCC United States WARNING Notices
EPSON AMERICA, INC. LIMITED WARRANTY What Covered: Inc. warrants to the first user that the EPSON covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of year from the of purchase. EPSON warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the If service the warranty its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the the freight You securely the and to within of of the You credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, where to the You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The exchanged or or refurbished to the of quality. products and the warranty of the covered this warranty. warranty service, of the of purchase. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers only the United States and This warranty cover to the EPSON or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover or third or peripheral to the EPSON its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than as authorized If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to America, Inc. P.O. CA MS:6-40 Notices