TM-T88V English M00024502EN
rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information While every the of this Corporation responsibility or Neither from the of the information contained Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. EPSON of Corporation and other countries/regions. NOTICE: The of this to without Copyright Corporation, and The following only to the that (EMC tested the CE North America: FCC/ICES-003 Class AS/NZS CISPR22 Class WARNING This Class this interference which the to The of non-shielded interface to this the EMC of this You that or Corporation authority to the CE The conforms to the following Directives and Norms: Directive 2004/108/EC EN Class IEC61000-3-2 IEC61000-3-3 Directive 2006/95/EC EN FCC American This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to Operation of this to interference, which the user to the interference his This Class with ICES-003. TM-T20 EN IEC IEC IEC IEC IEC IEC
Products This of The the factory to that the of and the The the and off below. AC 230V/50 AC 115V/60 off off USB Ethernet TM-T20 English
English Information This section information to and effective of this this section and location. to The this their of as below. the following the WARNING: to serious CAUTION: to to yourself, to or of Notes information and the operation of Precautions WARNING: immediately or to fire or shock. Immediately the and or service to this yourself. or this with this fire, or shock. to the specified to fire. or the with Doing shock. the the outlet to fire. the and includes ground (PE shock the with to fire or shock. the they or to the top of the and of the heating that the clean that the AC the to the and the the only. the with other than the specified Doing to fire or shock. the AC and the together. TM-T20
the from the outlet and the of the and the If the the outlet the of the causing and fire. that the and AC with such as allow to the to fire. If or other this the immediately, and then or service to fire. containing or around this Doing fire. telephone to the otherwise the and the telephone CAUTION: other than those this and to this firm, The or locations to high or and or fire. heavy top of this or this or causing and to the other operations such as loading/replacing To this leaving The the the following CAUTION: the thermal head Restriction of this high reliability/safety, such as related to or should this to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety, such as or related to please this TM-T20 English
English Downloading and The of and from of the following URLs. North to the following and follow the on-screen instructions. other countries, to the following Unpacking The following items included with the If item the the the included. The of and areas. TM-T20 Software TM-T20 switch cover switch cover Wall Interface AC Screws plate
cover LED This LED when the LED This LED On Flashing This switch TM-T20 English
Connecting the CAUTION: interface, USB interface, the the supply directly from to outlets to that fluctuations or clear of that motors. to stretch the to The the turned off. the interface to the the of each the below. (Mounted interfaces the the interface to the the AC to the TM-T20 DK RS-232 10BASE-T/ 100BASE-TX USB AC
the AC the You the (with the top) or vertically (with the the front). Also, it the included CAUTION: to the from and when using Affixing as option. the Vertically the vertically, to the included the cover, and the the as shown the below. TM-T20 English
English You the that the cover upright to the mounting using the included the the cover. the the and using included screws. the the and within the scribed the the with the wall-hanging-bracket-side TM-T20 Wall
the Wall To the the follow the below. CAUTION: To the securely, the of or The thickness of the should or to screws. The screws the of or screws (screw head to to the of the of the screws the or and the the to to the screws from the as shown the below. the the and using the screws Screws Wall or TM-T20 English
English the the with the screws the and securely. Follow the below to the the cover to the cover. TM-T20 Cover
the and the The of the shown the below. and the cover. the the TM-T20 English
English the You the from to the included Follow the below to the CAUTION: Once the from to back to the to the the with the software the TM-T20. the cover. the with the the and it the the cover. TM-T20 plate
the Switch The switch cover that the switch You turn the switch and off sharp-pointed the the switch cover. To the cover, sharp-pointed cover the switch included. To these covers, them as shown the below. WARNING: If with the switch cover attached, the immediately. fire or shock. Troubleshooting lights the whether the supply correctly connected to the and the LED with whether the cover closed. If If the LED whether the correctly and LED flashing with whether occurred. If the to the below and the correctly. the head overheats and when other turn the off, and seconds, back switch cover switch TM-T20 English
English the forcibly. the cover and the CAUTION: the thermal head, If the follow the below. Turn off the the the both of the cover, and it the arrow the below to Turn the the This the to the the operating instructions the back of the cover. the cover. the cover and the TM-T20
Cleaning Cleaning the to off the and the off the with cloth or cloth. CAUTION: the with thinner, or other such Doing or the of and Cleaning the Thermal Head CAUTION: the thermal head to and to it the thermal head touching with or Turn off the the cover, and the thermal of the thermal head with with or IPA). cleaning the thermal head every months) to Thermal head TM-T20 English
English Specifications Thermal Unidirectional with friction Characters Font A: Font B: Font A: Font B: Character Font A, Font B: Character Double-height/ Double-width/ Double-width/ Double-height Character Font A: (including spacing) Font B: (including of characters characters: International character graphics: (including {5.91"/s} feed) and 2D {2.4"/s} 5.91"/s} feed with the (single-ply) Thermal type NTP080-80 NTP058-80 Interface (RS-232)/Ethernet (10BASE-T/100BASE-TX)/USB [Compliance: USB Communication 4KB/45 function TM-T20 Font A: Font B: Font A: Font B: Font A: Font A, Font B: Font B: Font A: Font B: Font A: Font B: Font A: (including spacing) Font B: (including spacing) The The when the with Normal 25C {77F}. the and head Font A: Font B: Font A: (including spacing) Font B: (including spacing)
supply AC100-240V Rated to 45C to 113F} to 50C to 122F}, to RH to RH, (H D) inch) The those when the to the plate and the with software the TM-T20. to the the Width the software the TM-T20. TM-T20 English