C120
Introduction C120 as the the from instructions, the on-screen clicking the C120 of on-screen Please follow these as instructions: Warning: to injury. to to Notes information about hints and featured topics to Introduction
Loading the the and the the the and Loading
the the right and beneath the (The whiter or brighter first, the the of the too tightly). You to sheets of and to of or the capacity other types). The type of choose affects the to the If rough the to of offers of high easy to the of and other type Bright White inches) S041586 inches S041809 S042038 inches) S041141 S041649 S041271 count
type inches S041808 S041727 inches S041934 inches S041982 inches) S041062 inches S041467 inches) S041568 Quality Self-adhesive A4 inches) S041106 Iron-on Cool inches) S041153 You purchase and SM www.epson.com/ink (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Loading inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286 S041667 inches) S041935 inches) S041331 inches) S041067 inches) S041257 Sheet count
This section the or or instructions the on-screen software and connected the C120 to as the Its to free to C120 software. on-screen and Download the Software or Download instructions or the and You this Select C120 Click to software
C120 selected, then the Preferences or (If or Then Preferences or the On the the basic Select the type of (choose or Select Select choose the the information about the or the Advanced information about advanced or instructions them as them or If to the the and as necessary. Click Select
Click OK to then OK or to This appears and shows the of or With OS or Select from the the following choose option the US or Click OK to the With OS Select C120 Select Select or
Select from the You this Choose from the and the following as necessary: to Advanced information about the choose these other options from the Select the of or Select to Select options, such as Select C120 Select Select Select or Black Select higher or Select
ColorSync or Select ColorSync or the the or off the software. Cover (OS only): cover or the or the Summary: of Click the Advanced to information advanced or instructions them as them Click To the of the when appears the the of If OS the instead, then C120 the You this: Select the finished, the or With OS
Selecting the Correct Select the or software: this Select this Bright White Double-sided Quality Iron-on Cool Envelope Paper/Bright White
If follow the instructions this Checking the Head below) Cleaning the Head Checking the Cartridge Cartridges Checking the Head If or them, of the the head or or of the Follow the below to the head Turn off the the Press the and buttons together and them about seconds. The and head clean: head to cleaned: If the cleaning the head as the
Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or light or to clean the head. This the they properly. as to the head cleaning. head cleaning clean and the that the head to cleaned. If the light or flashes, the head as below. this the first or the head the the the and the light off. the seconds the light flashing. The head cleaning off the while head cleaning You the light flashing, (as to that the head clean. If there or or the another cleaning and the If cleaning the head to off the and overnight. This Then cleaning the head If of the or and to If to least once month to
Checking the Cartridge the light flashing, or the light to the cartridge(s). You or expended. the cartridge(s) or the the head appear to when On that connected to the to offers and other from Click or to To offers or from the instructions on-screen You purchase and www.epson.com/ink (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON these when or purchase Black (high capacity; required) The C120 You the (high capacity) the capacity) ones. that and them. The of other products and Cartridge based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the The with and of the from the first the within months of the Checking the Cartridge
Cartridges Once the the the cover. Press and release the button. The and lights flash. If of the or expended, the that to the to If or expended, the to the to the than seconds or the to the head. the head hand; this the the to
Press the If another or expended, to the Once the of the or the head to the the cover. to the cover when the head the to the the the back of the and straight of the or try to Cartridges
Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of the four or Then from the the the front of the This the the yellow from the of the If the yellow the or to other from the
the the and clicks Once other that replacing, the and clicks the cover. Press the The charging and the light flashing. This about finished, the light flashing and and the light off the while the light flashing or If or and the If the light flashing), the correctly. Press the and the clicks Cartridges
If with C120 the lights the to the You and troubleshooting or the Light Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing On Flashing Flashing On Flashing The cover the cover. the the the Press the to the Then the
Light On On Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing and the below using the the loaded. first and the right with the its Dont the arrow the If feed, from the sheet through the to the Then the the right and the the too tightly). the front of the too once to of photo or and of the information. or correctly. to replaced. authorized servicer or There with Turn the off and the then back If the clear, authorized servicer or and
If follow these to clear the Press the to the If the ejected, to the If the the or output If the the to off the the cover and including torn backward; this the the then back Quality If with the these the the whiter, or isnt or curled. with or from the too the type of matches the and type software the and If light or or they too to the head. This the they properly. as to the head cleaning. Clean the head as If to the head. instructions. The or instructions
Where To Technical these technical services: and to You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative please the following information ready: Product C120 Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. Purchase and Accessories You purchase and www.epson.com/ink (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Where To
Other Software Technical Software Telephone/Fax and ArcSoft AM PM www.arcsoft.com
Notices Instructions using C120 and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the where the easily the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the or cover the or through the the or heating or sunlight. the that its It properly or the back of the least inches from the the as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. or the its or otherwise from the Notices
Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the If off with and If them immediately with the or immediately Leaving the head and the from If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B421A Notices
America, Inc., Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the Notices
to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized www.epson.com. To the Customer You write to: Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This and the to without of Copyrighted each to and of the copyright when While countries copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright and and service of Corporation. service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. Notices
CPD-23710 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX