About with EPSON C44 easy, and fast. enough the inexperienced the C44 everything from reports to family with The C44 includes (Exchangeable which information to of the of EPSON including Cards, and of and finishes. the EPSON SM www.epsonstore.com
About Software The CD-ROM that with includes the software instructions. and You cant without Its to to Download instructions EPSON Software Factory that and flash. Supports with OS X). With Print, such as white and photo If Print, this when with Factory. EPSON PhotoCenter SM free photo-sharing where and high-resolution straight from the and free with software to the EPSON PhotoCenter
Loading and the right of the the Press the locking the and it the Press the locking and the the the Follow these when the first, when oriented the Its whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the the
the following Quality and If follow the instructions that with the You to Follow these to the first the right of the the The should and the should and the Press the locking the and the software, of approximately inches. top of inches. Then type the software and the following or option the Envelope option. of the following to of Click the then OK Click the the and the
OS X: Click the the OS to Click the the Then the that appears. If to the or the and the software. Then and the and OS to Click the the OS X: Select from softwares Then the the that appears. EPSON offers the following the EPSON C44: EPSON Bright White inches) S041586 EPSON Quality inches) S041062 EPSON High Quality inches) S041111 EPSON Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 EPSON (EPSON A4 inches) S041061 inches) S041067 A4 inches) S041117 inches S041134 S041671 inches) S041141 S041649 S041271 S041272 A4 inches) S041140 S041145 inches)
EPSON inches) S041654 EPSON EPSON EPSON inches) S041064 EPSON Quality A4 inches) S041106 EPSON Quality inches) S041124 EPSON Heavyweight inches) S041257 EPSON Double-Sided inches) S041568 EPSON Card inches) S041606 from Software Selecting the You A6 inches) S041144-KIT A6 inches) S041144 A4 inches) S041126
from Software what to to as or software follow these to From the You EPSON C44 selected. Click the or Preferences (If or Then or Preferences the Select Click to software
You (or Preferences) Choose type Choose type Choose Click OK Select the type of rough Text text-only or high-quality text Text that both text and and graphics, when with RPM or graphics, when highest this increases increases the right Loading instructions.
If choose the type the arrow to through the If which to select, Selecting the Correct Select the arrow to through the If necessary, that than they or that than they You these PhotoEnhance the appearance of low-resolution and improperly Not when Black selected. ICM Matches as closely as to the using or Black Prints Prints that the the right when them from the what information about the or right-click item the and then Whats This?. Click OK to to the Then OK (or to
this appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You finished the to off. or switch to off the Selecting the You apply to the currently If type of the Right-click the the right of Select You as shown from Software the to Click OK when finished. that the when to of Click to Click to or
With OS With the Margins to such as or OS X. the as Loading follow these to If thats with follow the With OS to to From the You this: Select from the Format Select the arrow to through the If necessary, that than they or or that than they Select from the Format
Select from the You this: from the pull-down You of this: the following the right the If choose the type the If which to choose, Selecting the Correct Click and Select the type of Select the Select Select higher or or Click
the option to to To text Black the option to Its the to the to Quality or to high-quality or The types. To Advanced and choose from the Quality or only Black as the Normal higher or text and graphics. photographs. RPM the highest photographs and the You choose other selecting these options the pull-down To the of or To To as PDF To ColorSync or the or Summary To of selections. Custom To selections with OS ready to The appears the the of
Click the On OS C44 You this: To the of of the following: Click the then to Click the then to Click and to If listed, then the Priority arrow to the with OS finished the to off. or switch to off the With the Margins Follow the the sections below to the Margins to within inch of the of the the Margins to You the If shown the to
If isnt listed, turned and connected to the Then to Click the Click Click or Click the or You another Click the The the of the becomes active. Click the pull-down and Select
Click the You the with the Margins the Margins and ready to from the the Format pull-down and C44 Margins) Select other features, then OK Select from the and from the Format
the and C44 Margins) to selected the chose the Select other features, then With OS to what to to basic as or OS to the as Loading follow these to From the You the following: C44 selected. If the Chooser. Select the arrow to through the Select and from C44 Select Select the of
If necessary, that than they or that than they Then OK information about the From the You the following: Select the following Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, Selecting the Correct the option to to To text Black the option to Its the to of the the to Quality or to high-quality or Click PhotoEnhance to the of low-resolution and improperly when selected). Click Custom and then ColorSync to match the as closely as to those ColorSync-compatible and applications. Select higher or the type of Select the
To Custom then the Advanced that appears. You the advanced Choose from the Quality or Black Normal higher text or text and graphics. photographs. RPM the highest photographs and the You the following: Click to reduce or layouts, or Click to background Click to the to You then to Click to
Click to If turned background EPSON from the Application the right of You this Click to Click to Click to Click the or Then to of the selected and If background and to the and the finished the to off. or switch to off the Selecting the Correct the type of Thats why the or It what of and the coverage accordingly. Click to
The below the should choose Select this or this or EPSON Bright White EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Heavyweight EPSON Double-Sided EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Heavyweight
Cleaning the Head the Head Cleaning the If unexpectedly light, or or from the to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning This section to the head the Head Cleaning This the recommended when the connected directly to You the head holding the the three seconds (when the light off). the Its to least once month to the Head Cleaning the turned and the light off. (If the light flashing or to the Cartridge of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning OS Double-click the Applications Double-click EPSON the C44 and OK Then Head Cleaning OS to the and choose or Click the then the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes.
off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to the the head clean. the and Then The the section If the or If the white Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the and You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the the should with or as shown: If If white or (as shown), the head the Head Cleaning instructions. Purchasing Cartridges these EPSON within months of them and the the
Black T036 T037 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridge Checking the Cartridge Removing and Cartridges Checking the the light flashes, This to the light to of the The light or than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the light off. To supply, of the following:
Double-click the the right of the below showing the each OS Double-click the Applications Double-click EPSON the C44 and OK Then EPSON You showing the each OS to the and choose Click the You showing the each Cartridge Precautions Warning: of the reach of children and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with To the the head hand. You empty. the the obtained the the head
and Cartridges Once the the the turned and (the light should flashing). Then the cover. Press the seconds. The head to the If both replacing, the head to the first. The the and the the right. Dont the the head, as shown below:
the and the of Unpack the and the yellow You the from the top of the or permanently to the the front of the might the Black Dont the
the and the the closed completely. Press the If the other to replaced, the head through Dont the head hand; the the charging finished. (The light flashing and the light charging about seconds. the cover. to If the light and the to than the cover and the to the off. Then that the completely closed. the cover and the to If that EPSON as Where To the Head If to the head. connected directly to to the Head
thats least inches to from the and the turned and loaded. of the following: Right-click the the right of and Head OS Double-click the Applications Double-click EPSON the C44 and OK Then Head OS to the and choose or Click the then the Head Follow the instructions the to You this On the the that shows the precisely top of each other. You to each and Then the of the each the the Click to another the each the If and
finished, Cleaning the To its should Turn off the and the USB and cord. then to clean or from the Clean the of the with cloth. Dont clean or the grease from the shown below. Dont the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the Dont the
Transporting the If to its or of To the when the to the the its location. Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then both the and the from the from the and the the cover. the head to the with as shown, then the cover. the the and its the using the protective that with them. the as the the the head and If clean the head Cleaning the Head); the head the Head). the head to the
and light and light Checking the Lights Checking the Lights If the lights or flash, the below. Lights Explanation The light flashes charging or cleaning the head. cover
light or You light One of the flashes To which the as Checking the Supply. light off and light light and light light and light You to whether from the or other The shows and both the and turned off. Then the USB from the If then the to If the to the If that off the the cover, and the from the front, including torn Then the and the If to of as Cartridge. of the head. Turn off the the cover, and or other Then turn the If the lights or EPSON; Where To information. The internal Turn off the seconds, and If the lights flashing, or EPSON; Where To information. One of incorrectly. Follow the instructions Removing and Cartridges to the
or the the then and release the holding the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM the counter and (If the to the head; Cleaning the Head.) Turn off the the Then the and and If the the software the USB or Its that software correctly. Software instructions the software. If the with the and If nothing or EPSON as Where To and and Software Quality Printout and Software Its to free to Download instructions
The installation. The first the charge its head about seconds. charging finishes (the light flashing) off the or charge improperly and the If the or the light flashing off the If the light flashing when back EPSON as Where To Turn off the then the completely and the then the back to clear the the software. turned and the USB securely connected both Then follow the instructions the or the Software and the other including and protection software, and If OS to and (C44 appear the Chooser, too items the Chooser. items and the Chooser or software correctly, software or XP, or instead. from The USB correctly. the USB properly If
the light nothing the USB connected securely and that the the as If the software correctly. The sounds as though nothing the head To the head, Cleaning the Head. The properly or that the when or awhile. too the If high-resolution than the listed. You to: Clear or that Increase memory. the these Choose software include choose Quality the Quality/Speed to If connected to USB
Quality You (light The head cleaning; Cleaning the Head instructions. the or matches the loaded; Selecting the Correct the of the Its whiter or The replacing; Cartridge instructions. If using With OS or With OS to instructions. the Head the Head instructions. or smeared.
isnt or curled, or (the should sheet with or EPSON to and absorption of EPSON each from the as printed, or hours to allow the to If smears the back of the of the as Cleaning the or The head cleaning; Cleaning the Head instructions. The or Cartridge the or matches the loaded. Selecting the Correct isnt dirty, or If of with the whiter or than the other
You or software to only. The head cleaning; Cleaning the Head instructions. The or Cartridge turning off PhotoEnhance. Macintosh, the With OS or With OS to exactly match on-screen to as as using the ICM or ColorSync higher RPM Quality or Quality (Macintosh). that this increases the Head the Head instructions. You to increase the or software or If the the Press the to the and then the If when the or too thin. specifications.
feed correctly or the If feed, from the the right the then the the If once, the from the the to the sheets, then If the seconds to clear the If that the and the from the front, including that torn off. the and the If incorrectly or frequently: smooth, high-quality the of the of to the sheets. Dont the arrow the the the right the the too tightly. Printout The inverted, as Turn off the off the Advanced of OS to or OS X). The selected OS X, the and selected the OS or selected the Chooser. The head cleaning; Cleaning the Head instructions.
The incorrect. the instructions, With OS X, or With OS to the option software to to the right of the You incorrect characters. the USB securely connected and the Then selected software, or as the active the Chooser (OS to or (OS X). If switch or USB with the directly to Software OS OS to You software currently software. the connected to then follow these Turn the Then the EPSON CD-ROM If the to If the with XP: Click then Double-click EPSON You the
Other Double-click then EPSON You the Click Then follow the instructions the to Click to the OS You software currently software. Follow these the EPSON CD-ROM EPSON CD-ROM and then the Double-click the EPSON OSX At the You to Follow the on-screen instructions to the software and OS to Follow these to software first: software CD-ROM. Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM necessary) and the EPSON OS9 The appears. Click On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall Then the Uninstall the and follow the instructions. then follow the instructions the to software.
Where To EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services below: Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services You purchase and from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please of services hours To these services, tone and SoundAdvice SM this to the EPSON C44 SoundAdvice.
To and its software, should Microsoft PC with or recommended) Microsoft XP, or At least 64MB RAM (128MB recommended) 100MB free (200MB or recommended) VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD the software or recommended) shielded USB AB to To and its software, should Apple or G3 or G4 with built-in USB OS through OS or higher OS or recommended) At least 32MB RAM OS through OS (64MB recommended); 128MB RAM recommended OS At least 100MB free (200MB recommended) VGA or CD-ROM or DVD the software or recommended)
shielded USB AB to Specifications Cartridges Mechanical Bidirectional with 12KB reduce and or other If switch to higher or or when from to F, and from to RH. EPSON Self-Adhesive the following to F, and to RH. Color: each: yellow)
Bright White Quality and High Quality inches) or distributed EPSON Thickness to inch to to inches) Thickness to inch to to inches) inches) inches) A4 inches) A5 inches) Width: to inches Length: to inches DL inches) C6 inches) inches)
and inches) EPSON Cards A6 inches) distributed EPSON Quality and Cards inches) distributed EPSON A4 inches) distributed EPSON A6 inches) with distributed EPSON Heavyweight and Double-Sided inches) inches inches) A4 inches)
distributed EPSON B-L B-R or top (A) inch (B-L) inch right (B-R) inch (C) inch You the to the Margins however the expanded to C
Cartridges Specification Black (T036) (T037) Color(s) Black capacity* ISO the Cartridge Within months F C) to F to C) to F to C) F C) F C) inches (W H) The based The thaws and approximately hours F C). To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranties. Dont the the expired. month F C) month F C); hours F C) each CMY inches
Mechanical Friction top Sheet capacity of Width: inches without the to Rated to to Rated to Approximately (ISO10561 the the back of the Depth: inches inches Width: inches Depth: inches inches Approximately
Operation: to F to C) (without Operation: to RH UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC to F to C) month F C) to F to C) hours F C) to RH CSA C108.8 Class
Copyright Notice Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Concerning of Copyrighted photocopiers, and copying and of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as as people EPSON each to and of the copyright when printers, and
EPSON, EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON PhotoCenter, SoundAdvice, and EPSON service and EPSON Software and PhotoEnhance of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc.