the English Unpack protective the the Software and the Cartridges that off, then the software CD the CD-ROM If the appear, the CD-ROM. Select and Click OK the that appears. appears prompting to the the The head to the and the automatically. the head hand, as this the the Instructions the back of this when and this Follow the on-screen instructions to the If the follow the instructions the section of this from the to and the head this the software Turn off protection the software. that off, then and the software CD the CD-ROM Double-click the software then the Click this first! the and the the Reference and the EPSON the information. CRE Sign-off: attached countries. that the Location displays the then Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. Select the the software, to Press the to the The head to the Choose Chooser from the Apple Then, the and the that connected to. the Chooser. the the cover, then the as shown the cover the head hand, as this the the from the SETUP.FM A2 R4C705P C and Notes to to injury. to If the when the cord, off the holding the light the the apply force to the both The with the they the cover. Press the The the head and charging the This about and While the light flashes and the of mechanical sounds. This the off the charging process. charging the charging finished, the light flashing and and the head the head to as shown below. the that the fits the the and the indicated the arrow the To the the locking and the the that the of the allows the to and freely. locking 1-F BK2 1-F C Notes information and the operation of the the to the the and the Once loaded, follow these to the head users Click the to and Select the then the Then the Click the and follow the on-screen instructions. finished, OK to the and ready to the Click the Click the and follow the on-screen instructions. finished, OK to the Then OK to the and ready to Turning off the To off the the the light rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information contained with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION from interference that from the of interface other than those as EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those 1-F BK 1-F 1-F
the Reference English Follow these to the Reference the software CD the CD-ROM the and To the from the CD, Reference To the Reference and follow the on-screen instructions. ES C40 or Reference appears the EPSON Double-click the to the Technical users Technical with to when using Access the Technical of the following From Click Technical the From software Click Technical the of the software. further information the services the Reference (www.epson.com.sg); (www.epson.com.hk); (www.epson.com.my); (www.epson.co.in); Customer The United and the of Ireland (www.epson.com.au); users Technical with that using the troubleshooting information To Technical Support, the CD the CD-ROM and the Technical the Software further information the services the Reference this reference. Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, Printed CRE Sign-off: Accessing the Software The software includes and The choose from of to the from The the and top operating Access the software as this section. There three to the software. From From the of The appears. Select then or to the software. to of these buttons.) the software from the that apply to the From the Click to then then the If then Preferences the From the Right-click the the Select users You the software as below. to Access Click the of or the Click the of Click the the Click the the or You of mediaincluding cards, and sheetsand of the instructions the first. Cleaning with EPSON should with this The cleaning function these sheets with this type of and the sheets the the the the instructions with the to which the side.The capacity the Reference that the fits the the and the indicated the arrow the QUICK.FM A2 R4C705P C Cartridges You the or the To or the utility, to the the Reference To the follow the this section. You with empty, the other the to the the head cleaning operation, the self-cleaning which when the turned and charging when the the that the Then the cover. Press the The head to the both of the to the first. Press the the to switch to the the head hand, as this the the to the as the of this the the section. Function Turns the and off. To off the the the light or and released within three seconds. the Reference You using the lights the the following of light to the then follow the corrective Lights and the EPSON or EPSON the then the The and the light the EPSON or EPSON Press the to the If the clear, the and of the including torn pieces.Then the the and the to The or nearly empty. or To which nearly empty, the using EPSON or EPSON The or or the or with To which empty, the EPSON or EPSON The head or other and to the Turn off the the cover and from the hand.Then, the back If the clear, Unknown unknown occurred. Turn off the and off, flashing EPSON EPSON Macintosh. To off the the the light 1-B BK2 1-B C Instructions of the instructions this section when and choosing the to and humidity. Also, the from sunlight, light, or heat to shocks, and enough around the to allow the outlet where the easily the that the The properly choosing the type of indicated the or cord. If with the that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the the If to the Germany, the building protected or to short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the them. of the reach of allow to from or otherwise the when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the this You the from the them; otherwise, the become the of the from the top of the the from the of the the the or the or the the to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the the normally or performance. through the the to the Information United of options EPSON (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products EPSON (UK) information Warning: This earthed. to the rating plate the and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth If to the of the of this match the coloured to the terminals please the following: The and connected to the the which with the or the earth The to the the with the N. The to the the with the L. If the the or with of the and 1-B BK 1-B 1-B