EPSON C42
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Concerning of Copyrighted and photocopiers, and copying and reprinting of copyrighted While copying of copyrighted those as broad as people EPSON each to and of the copyright when and EPSON, EPSON EPSON and MicroWeave of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON SoundAdvice, and EPSON service and PhotoEnhance of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc. Copyright Notice
with EPSON C42 easy, and fast. enough the inexperienced the C42 everything from reports to family with of EPSON including Cards, and photo of and finishes. the EPSON www.epsonstore.com Its to free to software. Download instructions About To and XP or software, the To or software, the Software and This instructions, warranty, and other information. This information about: with or the and SM
Notes, and Please follow these to injury. to to Notes information about hints
From to software as the or Software and what to things: the right the and EPSON Choose the right the Macintosh). each type of Thats why this It what of to If which to with Follow the instructions these Loading Selecting the Correct From to
Loading and turned the right of the the Press the locking the and the Press the locking and the the the Follow these when the first, when oriented the Its whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the the following sheet Quality and If follow the instructions that with the the From to
what to to as or the as software follow these to From the You EPSON C42 selected. Click the or Preferences (If or Then or Preferences the Select Click to software From to
You (or Choose type and the type of rough Text text-only or high-quality text Text that both text and and graphics, when with RPM or graphics, when highest this increases increases the right instgructions. From to Choose type Click
If choose the type the arrow to through the If which to select, Select the arrow to through the If necessary, that than they or that than they You these the appearance of low-resolution and improperly when Black selected. ICM Matches as closely as to the or Black Prints using Prints that the the right when them from the what information about the or right-click item the and then Whats This?. Click OK to to the Then OK (or to From to
this appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You finished using the to off. or switch to off the Selecting the You apply only to the currently If usually type of the Right-click the the right of Select You Preferences (Properties) as shown Select the to Click OK when finished. that the when to of Click to Click to or From to
This section to EPSON C42 to from OS or OS to OS to such as or OS X. the as follow these to If thats with follow the to From the You this: Select from the Format Select the and other to and OK From to Select from the Format
Select from the You this: Select from the pull-down You of this: From to Click and Select the type of Select the Select Select higher or or Click
Select the following the right the If choose the type the If which to choose, the option to to To text Black the option to Its the to the to Quality or to high-quality or (The types.) To Advanced and choose from the Quality or Black as the Normal when higher or and graphics when photographs RPM when the highest photographs and the You choose other selecting these options the pull-down to the of or to options to as PDF to ColorSync or the or Summary to of selections Custom to selections From to
ready to The appears the the of If the and then the C42 (USB) the this: Select then to or From the of or of the following: Click the then to it Click the then to Click and to If then the Priority arrow to the finished using the to off. or switch to off the From to Click to
OS to what to to as or OS to the as follow these to From the You the following: C42 selected. If to the Chooser. Select the and other Then OK information about the From the You the following: Select higher or From to C42 Select Select the of the type of Select the
the following Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to to To Black the option to Its the to of the the to Quality or to high-quality or You the following: Click to reduce or layouts, or Click to background Click to the to You then to light or flashing, to of or empty. Click to If the Click PhotoEnhance to the appearance of low-resolution and improperly when selected. Click Custom and then ColorSync to match the as closely as to those ColorSync-compatible and applications. Click Custom and then the Advanced that appears to or to Quality include and Normal when higher text or text and graphics, when photographs, and RPM when the highest photographs and the From to
Click to If turned background EPSON from the Application to this Click to Click to Click to Click the or Then to of the selected and If using background and to the finished using the to off. or switch to off the Click to and the From to
You to Follow these to the first the right of the the The should and the should and the Press the locking the and the software, of approximately inches. top of inches. Then type the software and the following or Envelope and OS X) or Envelope OS to the and the From to
of the following to of Click the then OK to Preferences (Properties) Click the OS X: Click the the OS to Click the the Then the that appears. If to the or the and the software. Then the and OS to Click the the OS X: Select from softwares Then the the that appears. From to
Selecting the Correct the type of Thats why the Macintosh) It what of and the coverage accordingly. The below the should choose this this sheets or EPSON Bright White EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Cards EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Heavyweight EPSON Double-Sided Quality Quality Heavyweight From to
This chapter procedures to its and Follow the instructions Cleaning the Head below Cartridge the Head Cleaning the Transporting the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or or from the to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning This section to the head using the Head Cleaning This the recommended when the connected directly to the three seconds (when the You the head holding the the Its to least once month to quality. light off).
the Head Cleaning light off. (If the light flashing or to the the turned and the of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning OS to the and choose or Click the then the Head Cleaning button. OS Double-click the Applications Double-click EPSON the C42 the and OK Then the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to the head clean. the the and Then The the section If the or If the white Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head
the the Each should with or as shown: If If white or (as shown), the head instructions. Cartridge light flashes, This to the the light to of the light or The To supply, of the following: Double-click the the right of the the right showing the each You the You showing the amount of You the to and
OS to the and choose Click the You showing the each OS Double-click the Applications Double-click EPSON the C42 the and OK Then the EPSON You showing the each than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the these EPSON within months of them and the the Black T036120 T037020 T036 or T037 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridge Precautions of the reach of children and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with To the the head hand. You empty. the the obtained the the head light off.
Removing and Cartridges Once the the light should flashing). Then the cover. the turned and (the seconds. The head to the Press the If both replacing, the head to the first. The the and the the right. the and the of it Unpack the and the You the yellow from the top of the or permanently to the the front of the might the Black Dont the
the and the the closed completely. Press the If the other to replaced, the head through Dont the head hand; the the light flashing and the charging finished. (The light charging about seconds. the cover. ready to light and the to than the and the If the to turn the off. Then that the completely closed. the cover and the to If that EPSON as
the Head If to the head. directly to to the Head thats least inches to from the and the turned and loaded. of the following: Right-click the the right of and Head OS to the and choose or Print. Then the the the Head OS Double-click the Applications Double-click EPSON the C42 the and OK Then the Head Follow the instructions the to You this On the the that shows the top of each other. You to Select each and Then the of the each the boxes the
Click Realignment to another the numbered each the If and finished, Cleaning the To its should Turn off the and the USB and cord. then to or from the Clean the of the with cloth. or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the
Transporting the If to its or of To the when the to the the its location. Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then both the and the from the from the and the the cover. the head to the with as shown, then the cover. the the and its the the protective that with them. the as the the the head and If the head the head the head to the
This section the basics and First to what the of the to the of the Its to free to Download instructions Then these sections and Software Quality Printout Software Where To
and light and light cover head
the lights as below, or as Lights Explanation light The flashes charging or cleaning the head. light light One of the flashes To which the as and light off and light light and light light and light or You If then the to to the If that turn off the the cover, and the from the front, including torn Then the and the If the If to of the as of the head. Turn off the the cover, and or other Then the If the lights or EPSON; information. The internal Turn off the seconds, and If the lights flashing, or EPSON; information. One of incorrectly. Follow the instructions to and the
You to whether from the or other The shows and both the and turned off. Then the USB from the or the then and release the the the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM the counter and (If the to the head; Turn off the the Then the and and If the the software the USB or Its that software correctly. instructions the software. If the with the and If nothing or EPSON as
and and Software The installation. The first the charge its head about seconds. charging finishes (the light flashing) off the or improperly and the If the or the light flashing off the If the light flashing when back EPSON as Turn off the then the completely and the then turn the back to clear the the software. turned and the USB securely connected both Then follow the instructions the or the Software and the other including and protection software, and If OS to and C42 appear the Chooser, too items the Chooser. items and the Chooser
or software correctly, software or XP, Block or instead. from The USB correctly from the USB properly If light nothing the the USB securely and that the the as If the software correctly. The sounds as though nothing the head To the head, The properly or that the
when it or awhile. too the and If high-resolution than the listed. You to: Clear or that Increase memory. the these Choose software include choose Quality the Quality/Speed to If connected to USB Quality You (light The head cleaning; instructions. the Macintosh) matches the loaded; the of the Its whiter or The replacing. To If OS X) or OS to instructions.
the Head instructions. or smeared. isnt or curled, or (the should sheet with or try EPSON to and absorption of EPSON the Head instructions. or The head cleaning; instructions. The or To the Macintosh) matches the loaded. isnt dirty, or If of with the usually whiter or than the other
You or software to only. The head cleaning; instructions. The or To turning off PhotoEnhance. the instructions the Advanced OS to or to the OS X). exactly match on-screen to as as using the ICM or ColorSync (Macintosh) using higher Select RPM Quality or Quality (Macintosh). that this increases the Head instructions. You to increase the or software
or If the the Press the to the and then the If when the or too thin. specifications. feed correctly or the If feed, from the the right the then the the If once, the from the the to the sheets, then If the seconds to clear the If that the cover and the from the front, including that torn off. the and the If incorrectly or frequently: smooth, high-quality the of the of to the sheets. Dont the arrow the the the right the the too tightly.
Printout The inverted, as Turn off the Macintosh, off the Advanced of OS to or OS X). The selected OS X, the and selected the OS or selected the Chooser. The head cleaning. The incorrect. the instructions, OS X), or to the option software to to the right of the You incorrect characters. the USB securely connected and the Then selected software, or as the active the Chooser (OS to or (OS X). If switch or USB with the directly to
Software You to software OS to You software currently software. the to then follow these Turn the Then the EPSON CD-ROM If the to If the with XP: Click then Double-click EPSON You the Other Double-click and then EPSON You the Click Click Then follow the instructions the to Click to the
OS to Follow these to software: software CD-ROM. Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM necessary) and the EPSON The appears. Click On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall. Then the Uninstall the and follow the instructions. Macintosh, then follow the instructions the to software. OS You software currently software. Follow these the EPSON CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM and then the
If when OS X, this Click the and OK At the the and Then Select the OS where to software, then Click the and follow the on-screen instructions to the softtware and Macintosh.
Where To EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services below: Service World From the reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services You purchase and from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please of services hours To these services, and SoundAdvice SM this to the EPSON C42 SoundAdvice.
and Specifications This chapter includes and specifications. To and its software, should Microsoft PC with or recommended) Microsoft XP, or At least 64MB RAM (128MB recommended) 100MB free (200MB or recommended) VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD the software or recommended) shielded USB AB to and Specifications
To and its software, should Apple or G3 or G4 with built-in USB OS through OS X. OS or recommended) At least 32MB RAM OS through OS (64MB recommended); 128MB RAM recommended OS At least 100MB (200MB recommended) VGA or CD-ROM or DVD the software or recommended) shielded USB AB to and Specifications
Specifications specifications Black each: Bidirectional with 12KB Mechanical Friction top Sheet of Width: inches Depth: inches inches Width: inches Depth: inches inches without the Rated AC Supply) to Rated to to Rated to Approximately (ISO10561 Approximately Approximately and Specifications
(continued) to F to C) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) F C) (without to RH to RH UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC CSA C108.8 Class the the back of the Black (T036120) (T037020) Color(s) Black capacity* ISO the Cartridge years from (within months F C]) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) month F C); hours F C) F C) F C) inches inches (W H) The based The and approximately hours F C). To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranties. Dont the the expired. each CMY and Specifications
specifications Bright White inches) inches) inches) inches) A4 inches) A5 inches) to inches to inches or distributed EPSON Thickness to inch to to inches) DL inches) C6 inches) inches) Thickness to inch Weight to to Cards A6 inches) distributed EPSON Quality Cards inches) distributed EPSON A4 inches) distributed EPSON A6 inches) with or distributed EPSON and Specifications
Heavyweight, Double-Sided inches) A4 inches) distributed EPSON inches) inches inches) A4 inches) distributed EPSON reduce and or other If switch to higher or or when from to F, and from to RH. EPSON Self-Adhesive the following to F, and to RH. and Specifications
Printable Cards, top (A)* inch (B-L) inch right (B-R) inch (C)** inch sheets of EPSON Quality the top inches the properly. If this increasing the B-L B-R sheets or C and Specifications
EPSON and Cartridges EPSON and to the that earned of their awards! EPSON specially coated to with that when of immediately them. There smearing or and and smooth. the and of Bright White Bright White ultra-smooth and brightness. This text and Its Cards and top Micro-perforated edge-to-edge Includes easy-to-use software. EPSON Cartridges photographic-weight with photo Its of the inch right snapshots. EPSON Black T036120 T037020 information other EPSON products and ideas, the EPSON SM www.printlabseries.com EPSON and Cartridges
To EPSON and To EPSON and other or EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please EPSON Cartridges EPSON EPSON Bright White inches) S041586 EPSON Quality inches) S041062 EPSON High Quality inches) S041111 EPSON Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 EPSON inches S041134/ S041671 (EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality inches) S041072 EPSON inches) S041064 EPSON Quality A4 inches) S041106 EPSON Quality inches) S041124 EPSON Heavyweight inches) S041257 EPSON Double-Sided inches) S041568 EPSON Card inches) S041606 The of location. Black T036120 T037020 A4 inches) S041061 inches) S041067 A4 inches) S041117 inches) S041141/ S041649/ S041271/ S041272 A4 inches) S041140 inches) S041145 A6 inches) S041144-KIT A6 inches) S041144 A4 inches) S041071 A6 inches) S041107 To EPSON and