Unpacking Unpacking Unpack the the protective to the the the If the when the cord, off the the the lights the Software the country selection appears, country of If the selection appears, the Software, to the Software the Reference that the off. the software CD the CD-ROM If the appear, SETUP.EXE the CD-ROM. Select Software and then Follow the on-screen instructions. the software the on-screen instructions with the of the (EPSON C43UX only) Turn off protection the software. of OS to OS X) that the off. the software CD the CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON Software and then Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. Press the to the The head to the the software, Chooser the Apple and then the and the that connected to. users of OS that the off. the software CD the CD-ROM OS then the the the If the Authorization appears, the or phrase then OK Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. Press the to the The head to the Applications then the the Click the and the Select EPSON USB from the Select C43 the Product then from the Click the the printer(margin-type) then the Reference the software CD-ROM to match the Format the and the the the correctly. the Reference The attached countries. The the of purchase. English the the Cartridges Turn the the from their protective the as shown the below. The properly. Press the The the charging process. It about and While charging the of mechanical sounds. This the flashing, charging the off the charging process. charging to high the head with the This from the with their rated life. and Notes to to Notes information and the of or tear the the this
Checking the Checking the Checking the Checking the Loading locking To the the locking and the the ready to the Reference instructions when the first The Reference the following information: options Software Functions To Product Information Instructions Please to the Reference The and Technical with to Access the or Technical the following Click to users of and or of XP), then to EPSON and then ESC43 You Technical the or the of the software. further information the services the Reference users of OS to OS X) the CD the CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON Select Technical and then further information the services the Reference of OS Access the Instructions of the instructions this section when and choosing the to and humidity. Also, the from sunlight, light, or heat to and enough around the to allow the outlet where the easily the that the If the the than the back of the and the The properly or the vertically, or otherwise, from the choosing only the type of indicated the the that with this of another fire or shock. This with this only. with other fire or shock. the or cord. If with the that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the outlet the If to the Germany, the building protected or to short-circuit protection and over-current protection this rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION from interference that from the of interface other than those as EPSON-Approved Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Apple and of Apple Computer, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Accessing the Reference Follow these to the Reference the software CD the CD-ROM the and then the EPSON and then OS X, the appear when the software CD To the Reference English REF_G INDEX.HTM You the lights the the following of light to the and then apply the recommended Lights and the the and then the The and the light the Press the to the If the clear, the cover and of the including torn Then, the the and the to The or nearly empty. (T038) or (T039). To which nearly empty, the using EPSON or EPSON The or or the (T038) or (T039) with The head or other and to the Turn off the the cover and or other from the hand. Then, the back If the clear, Unknown unknown occurred. Turn off the and off, flashing the them. of the reach of allow to from or otherwise the when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the this You the from the them; otherwise, the become the of the from the top of the the from the of the the IC the of the The IC this of cartridge-related information, such as the amount of that and freely. However, each the the using the the or the or cover the the to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following The or AC the the or the the normally or differently. through the the to the the installed. the the head and the from Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, Printed XXXX