EPSON C42
rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Concerning of Copyrighted and photocopiers, and copying and reprinting of copyrighted While copying of copyrighted those as broad as people EPSON each to and of the copyright when and EPSON, EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON SoundAdvice service and PhotoEnhance of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. Copyright Notice
with EPSON C42 easy, and fast. enough the inexperienced the C42 everything from reports to family with of EPSON including Cards, and of and finishes. of the of this Its to free to software. Download instructions About To and its software, the This information about: with or the and specifications instructions, and other information, the EPSON C42 Notices and Warranty
Notes, and Please follow these to to to Notes information about hints
From to software as the what to things: the right the and EPSON Choose the right the Macintosh). each type of Thats why this It what of to every If which to with Follow the instructions these Loading Selecting the Correct From to
Loading and turned the right of the the Press the the and the Press the locking and the the the Follow these when the first, when oriented the Its whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the the following Quality and If follow the instructions that with the the From to
what to to as or the as software follow these to From the You EPSON C42 selected. Click the Preferences or button. (If or Then or Preferences the Click to software From to
You (or Preferences) Choose type and Select the type of rough Text text-only or high-quality text Text that both text and and graphics, when with RPM or graphics, when highest this increases increases the right instructions. If choose the type the arrow to through the If which to select, the arrow to through the From to Choose type Click
If necessary, that than they or that than they You these PhotoEnhance the appearance of low-resolution and improperly photos. when Black selected. ICM Matches as closely as to the or Black Prints only Prints that the the right when them from the what information about the or right-click item the and then Whats This?. Click OK to to the Then OK (or to this appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You Click to Click to or From to
finished the to off. or switch to off the Selecting the You apply to the currently If usually type of the Right-click the the right of Select You as shown Select the to applications. Click OK when finished. that the when to of This section to EPSON C42 to from OS or OS to OS to such as or OS X. the as follow these to If thats with follow the to From to
From the You this: Select from the Format Select the and other to and OK Select from the You this: From to Select from the Format Click and
Select from the pull-down You of this: Select the following the right the If choose the type the If which to choose, the option to to To Black the option to Its the to the to Quality or to high-quality or (The types.) information about From to Select the type of Select the Select Select higher or or Click
To Advanced and chose from the Quality or Black Normal when higher text or text and graphics when photographs RPM when the highest photographs and the You choose other selecting these options the pull-down to the of or to options to as PDF to ColorSync or the or Summary to of selections Custom to selections ready to The appears the the of From to
If the and then the C42 (USB) the this: then to or From the of or of the following: Click the then to Click the then to Click and to If then the Priority arrow to the finished using the to off. or switch to off the From to Click to
OS to what to to as or OS to the as follow these to From the You the following: C42 selected. If to the Chooser. Select the and other Then OK information about the C42 Select Select the of From to
From the You the following: Select the following Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to to To text Black the option to Its the to of the the to Quality or to high-quality or You the following: Click to reduce or layouts, or Click to background Click to the to You then to light or flashing, to of or empty. Click to If the Click PhotoEnhance to the appearance of low-resolution and improperly when selected. Click Custom and then ColorSync the Custom to match the as closely as to those ColorSync-compatible and applications. Select higher or Select the type of Select the From to
Click Custom and then the Advanced that appears to higher or to Quality include and Normal when higher text or text and graphics, when photographs, and RPM when the highest photographs and the Click to If turned background EPSON from the Application to this Click to Click the or Then to of the selected and If background and to the finished the to off. or switch to off the Click to Click to Click to and the From to
You to Follow these to the first the right of the the The should and the should and the Press the locking the and the software, of approximately top of Then type the software and the following or Envelope and OS to or Envelope OS X). the and the From to
of the following to of Click the then OK to Click the OS X: Click the the OS to Click the the Then the that appears. If to the or the and the software. Then the and OS to Click the the OS X: from softwares Then the the that appears. From to
Selecting the Correct the type of Thats why the It what of and the coverage accordingly. The below the should choose this Select this sheets or EPSON Bright White EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Cards EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Heavyweight EPSON Double-Sided Quality Quality Heavyweight From to
This chapter to its and Follow the instructions Cleaning the Head below Cartridge the Head Cleaning the the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or or from the to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning This section to the head the Head Cleaning This the recommended when the connected directly to button the three seconds (when the You the head holding the the Its to turn least once month to light off).
the Head Cleaning light off. (If the light flashing or to the the turned and the of the following: Right-click the the right of Head Cleaning OS to the and choose or Click the then the Head Cleaning OS Double-click the Applications Double-click EPSON the C42 the and OK Then the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to the head clean. the the and Then The the section If the or If the white Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head
the the printed. Each should with or as shown: If If white or (as shown), clean the head instructions. Cartridge light flashes, This to the the light to of the light or The To supply, of the following: Double-click the the right of the the right showing the each OS to the and choose Click the You showing the each OS Double-click the Applications Double-click EPSON the C42 the and OK Then the EPSON You showing the each
than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the these EPSON within months of them and the the Black T036120 T037020 T036 or T037 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. EPSON to the from EPSON You purchase and anywhere EPSON Please Cartridge Precautions of the reach of children and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with To the the head hand. You empty. the the obtained the the head light off.
and Cartridges Once the the light should flashing). Then the cover. the turned and (the seconds. The head to the Press the If both replacing, the head to the first. The the and the the right. the and the of Unpack the and the yellow You the from the top of the or permanently to the the front of the might the Black Dont this
the and the the closed completely. Press the If the other to replaced, the head through Dont the head hand; the the button. light flashing and the charging finished. (The light charging about seconds. ready to light and the to than the cover and the If the to turn the off. Then that the completely closed. the cover and the to If that EPSON as
the Head If to the head. connected directly to to the Head thats least to from the and the turned and loaded. of the following: Right-click the the right of and Head OS to the and choose or Print. Then the the the Head OS Double-click the Applications Double-click EPSON the C42 the and OK Then the Head Follow the instructions the to You this On the the that shows the precisely top of each other. You to Select each and Then the of the each the the
Click Realignment to another the each the If and finished, Cleaning the To its should Turn off the and the USB and cord. then to or from the Clean the of the with cloth. or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the
Transporting the If to its or of To the when the to the the its location. Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then both the and the from the from the and the the cover. the head to the with as shown, then the cover. the the and its the using the protective that with them. the as the the the head and If clean the head output the head the head to the
This section the basics and to what the of the to the of the Its to to Download instructions Then these sections and Software Quality Printout Uninstalling and Software Where To
and and light cover head
the lights as below, or as Lights Explanation light The flashes charging or cleaning the head. light light One of the flashes To which the as light off and light light and light and light or You If then the to to the If that off the the cover, and the from the front, including torn Then the and the If the button. If to of the as of the head. Turn off the the cover, and or other Then turn the If the lights or EPSON; information. The internal Turn off the seconds, and turn If the lights or EPSON; information. light One of incorrectly. Follow the instructions to and the
You to whether from the or other The shows and both the and turned off. Then the USB from the or the then and release the the holding the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM the counter and (If the to the head; Turn off the the Then the and and If the the software the USB or Its that software correctly. instructions the software. If the with the and If nothing or EPSON as
and and Software The The first the its head about seconds. charging finishes (the light off the or charge improperly and the If the or the light flashing off the If the light flashing when turn back EPSON as Turn off the then the completely and the then the back to clear the the software. turned and the USB securely connected both Then follow the instructions the the or other including and protection software, and If OS to and C42 appear the Chooser, too items the Chooser. items and the Chooser or software correctly, software
or XP, Block or instead. from The USB correctly from the USB properly If light nothing the the USB connected securely and that the the or as If the software correctly. The sounds as though nothing the head clogged. To the head, The properly or that the
when or while. too the or If high-resolution than the listed. You to: Clear or that Increase memory. the these Choose software include choose Quality the Quality/Speed to If connected to USB Quality You (light The head cleaning; instructions. the matches the loaded; the of the Its whiter or The replacing. To If OS X) or OS to instructions.
the Head instructions. or smeared. isnt or curled, or (the should with or EPSON to and absorption of EPSON the Head instructions. or The head cleaning; instructions. The or To the Macintosh) matches the loaded. isnt dirty, or If of with the usually whiter or than the other
You or software to only. The head cleaning; instructions. The or To turning off PhotoEnhance. the instructions the Advanced OS to or to the OS X). exactly match on-screen to as as the ICM or ColorSync using higher Select RPM choose higher Quality that this increases the Head instructions. You to increase the or software
or If the the Press the to the and then the If when the or too thin. correctly or the If feed, from the the right the then the the If once, the from the the to the sheets, then If the seconds to clear the If that the cover and the from the front, including that torn off. the and the If incorrectly or frequently: smooth, high-quality the of the of to the sheets. Dont the arrow the the the right the the too tightly.
Printout The inverted, as Turn off the off the Advanced of OS to or OS X). The selected OS X, the and selected the OS or selected the Chooser. The head cleaning. The incorrect. the instructions, OS X), or to the option software to to the right of the You incorrect characters. the USB securely and the Then selected software, or as the active the Chooser (OS to or (OS X). If switch or USB with the directly to
Uninstalling and Software You to and then and this might when operating Click and or to or EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall the EPSON C42 selected and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. when then follow the instructions the to software. OS to software CD-ROM. Double-click the EPSON necessary) and the EPSON Select English The appears. Click On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall. Then the Uninstall the and follow the instructions. then follow the instructions the to software.
OS You software currently software. Follow these the EPSON CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM to its Then the If when OS X, this Click the and OK At the the and Then Select the OS where to software, then Click the and follow the instructions to the softtware and Macintosh.
Where To EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services below: Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services EPSON and to the from EPSON You purchase and anywhere EPSON Please of services hours To these services, tone telephone and SoundAdvice SM this to the EPSON C42 SoundAdvice.
and Specifications This chapter includes and specifications. To and its software, should Microsoft PC with least or recommended) Microsoft or XP RAM of least 32MB and 64MB and XP (128MB recommended) At least 100MB of (200MB recommended) VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD the software or recommended) shielded USB AB to and Specifications
To and its software, should Apple G3, or G4 with USB OS through OS OS or recommended) At least 32MB of RAM OS through OS (64MB recommended); 128MB RAM recommended OS At least 100MB of (200MB recommended) VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD the software or recommended) shielded USB AB to and Specifications
Specifications specifications Black each: yellow) Bidirectional with 12KB Mechanical Friction Sheet top of Width: Depth: Width: Depth: without the Rated AC Supply) to Rated to to Rated (ISO10561 and Specifications
specifications to C to F) to C to F) month C F) Transit to C to F) hours C F) (without to RH to RH UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC CSA C108.8 Class the the back of the specifications Black (T036120) (T037020) Color(s) Black capacity* using ISO the Cartridge years from (within months C F]) to C to F) month C F) to C to F) Transit month C F); hours C F) C F) C F) (W H) The based The and hours C F). To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranties. Dont the the expired. each CMY and Specifications
Where to Purchase EPSON and EPSON and to the from EPSON You purchase and anywhere EPSON Please The of location. EPSON Cartridges EPSON EPSON Bright White S041586 EPSON Quality S041062 EPSON High Quality S041111 EPSON Quality Cards A6 S041054 EPSON S041134 (EPSON S041671 EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON S041064 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 EPSON Quality S041124 EPSON Heavyweight S041257 EPSON Double-Sided S041568 EPSON Card S041606 Black T036120 T037020 A4 S041061 S041067 A4 S041117 S041141/ S041649/ S041271/ S041272 A4 S041140 S041145 A6 S041144-KIT A6 S041144 A4 S041071 A6 S041107 Where to Purchase EPSON and