Unpacking Unpacking Unpack the the If the when the cord, off the the the lights the Software the Software, to the Software the Reference that the off. the software CD the CD-ROM If the appear, SETUP.EXE the CD-ROM. Select Software and then Follow the on-screen instructions. the software, the on-screen instructions with the of the Turn off protection the software. users of OS or OS X) that the off. the software CD the CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON Software and then Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. Press the to the The head to the Choose Chooser from the Apple Then, the and the that connected OS users that the off. the software CD the CD-ROM Double-click the OS and then the If the Authorization the the and OK, and then Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. Press the to the The head to the Follow the instruction below to Double-click HD. Double-click the Application Double-click the Double-click the Click Select EPSON USB. Select Click attached countries. The locations. English the the Cartridges Turn the the from their protective the as below. The properly. The It about and While the of mechanical sounds. This the flashing, charging Press the the off the charging process. charging The with partly to high the head with This one-off of and their rated life. and Notes to to Notes information and the operation of the of the from the top of the this
Checking the Checking the Checking the Checking the Loading locking To the the locking and the the ready to the Reference instructions when the first The Reference information the following: Software Functions To Product Information Instructions Please to The and Technical with to Access the or Technical the following users Click to NT and users) or XP users), then to EPSON and then ESC61 You them clicking Technical the or the of the software. further information the services the Reference users of OS or OS X) the CD the CD-ROM Double-click EPSON Technical and further information the services the Reference OS the Instructions of the instructions this section when and using choosing the to and humidity. Also, the from sunlight, strong light, or heat to and enough around the to allow the outlet where the easily the that the If the the than the back of the and the The properly or the vertically or otherwise, from the choosing the type of indicated the AC the or cord. If with the that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the the If to the Germany, the building protected or to short-circuit protection and over-current protection this rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION from interference that from the of interface other than those as EPSON-Approved Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Apple and of Apple Computer, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Accessing the Reference Follow these to the Reference the software CD the CD-ROM the and then Macintosh, the EPSON and then On OS X, the appear when the software CD To the Reference English REF_G INDEX.HTM You using the lights the the following of light to the and then follow the recommended corrective Lights and the the and then the The and the light the Press the to the If the clear, the cover and of the including torn Then, the the and the The or nearly empty. (T028) or (T029) To which nearly empty, the EPSON or EPSON (Macintosh). The or or the (T028) or (T029) with The or this the (T028) or (T029) Incorrectly The or correctly. If the head the the to the head to the the then and the Then with installation. If the head the the then and the Then with installation. The head or other and to the Turn off the the and or other from the hand. Then, the back If the clear, Unknown unknown occurred. Turn off the and off, the them. of the reach of allow to from or otherwise the when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the this You the from the them; otherwise, the become the of the from the top of the the from the of the the IC the of the The IC this of related-information, such as the amount of that and freely. each the the the the or the or cover the the to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the the normally or performance. through the the to the the the the head and the from to flashing Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, Printed XXXX