rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON, EPSON EPSON and MicroWeave and PRINT Matching of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON SoundAdvice, EPSON and EPSON service and EPSON Software, the EPSON Software and PhotoEnhance of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Printed Copyright America, Inc. Copyright Notice CPD-12568R1
EPSON C60 the or office With to from reports and to family and cards. About Software The CD-ROM that with includes the software (You CD-ROM or DVD the instructions. and You cant without EPSON animated quality, and other Reference information about (You browsersuch as Microsoft or or laterto the EPSON Software Factory that and (optional). Its to free to Download instructions
About To and its software, the This information, and instructions EPSON and Reference with or the about with, or troubleshooting and Reference as Notes, and Please follow these followed to to to Notes information about hints
EPSON and Reference or cleaning the head? CD-ROM includes animated and on-screen Reference You browsersuch as Microsoft or or or laterto the Reference If the correctly. (A included the CD-ROM.) Once the and them whenever Follow these to them: CD-ROM. of the following: (If using XP, first Double-click CD-ROM or DVD then the EPSON Double-click the EPSON the CD-ROM (If the first EPSON CD-ROM The appears: Click and Click
EPSON and Reference Once and reference installed, the EPSON Information to the and You this Click or Reference If this Click the topic You another the Click the to watch.
The and Turn off the Replay the the the the off, replay or the Reference this Click to the of Click topic the to the of expanding the of the topic to the EPSON Information back to the
If theres right arrow to then topic to to Click the arrow to Closed to Click to to topic If graphic when Reference the to the graphic.
From to software as the what to things: the right the and EPSON Choose the right each type of Thats why They what of to Follow the instructions these Loading Selecting the Correct
Loading and turned the right of the the Press the locking the and the Press the locking and the the the Follow these when the first, when oriented the Its whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the instructions of Double-click the EPSON Information From to the
Loading You to first and the the right of the the Press the locking the and the choose the as the or information. each or with the From to
what to to as or the as software follow these to From the You EPSON C60 selected. Click the or Preferences (If or Then or Preferences the From to Select Click to software
You (or The thing to to the the the following the (or Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to to To text Black the option to Its the to of the the to Quality or to high-quality or Select the type of Select the Select higher or Click OK From to
Click the the top of the to the of or Click the to reduce or layouts, or Click OK the At the OK (or to information about the right-click item the and then Whats This?. From to Click OK to
this appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You information printingfor or on-screen Reference (as Click the EPSON Information finished the to off. or switch to off the Selecting the You apply to the currently If type of the Right-click the the right of Select You as shown Select the to Click OK when finished. that the when to of Click to Click to or From to
what to to basic as or the as follow these to From the You the following: C60 selected. If to the Chooser. Select the and other Then OK From the You the following: Select information about the button. From to Select higher or C60 Select Select the of Select the type of Select the
the following Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to to To text Black the option to Its the to of the the to Quality or to high-quality or You the following: Click to reduce or or Click to background Click to the to You then to light or flashing, to of or empty. Click to If the Click to If turned background the EPSON as shown: Select then to Click to If using background and to the and the From to
information printingfor or on-screen Reference (as finished using the to turn off. or switch to off the You higher or selecting of effects. On the or Preferences (or the Custom then the Custom to Select of these Text/Graph: graphics-intensive with charts and rough of text From to Click then choose from the Custom or Advanced.
ICM only): matching as closely as with ICM-compatible or only): with other or the ColorSync only): to as closely as when with ColorSync-compatible and To advanced Custom and then the Advanced Select higher (higher higher (higher or type). Then OK them as them whenever higher information about advanced the or or on-screen Reference (as Click to From to
Selecting the Correct the type of Thats why the It what of using and the coverage accordingly. the should choose this Select this or EPSON Bright White EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Cards EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Heavyweight EPSON Double-Sided The of location. From to Quality Quality Heavyweight
You EPSON to photographs that as as the from processing. Following of the to developed, them or CD-ROM. from or Download from or from the (Right-click the and as Loading the right of the the Press the locking the and the the output first, when landscape-oriented instructions of such as 6-inch or Double-click the EPSON Information the (whiter or of the From to
or EPSON Quality to the arrow the to EPSON Quality Cards or Cards to of EPSON 6-inch or Heavyweight. EPSON Double-Sided and other If with cleaning the cleaning with this The following sections to Factory. You follow to with other Factory Factory. You the Factory Click the type of If with Factory, Topics from the or the From to
Click to of the the of the the Prints You each to follow, as shown. of or the New to This choose from already Factory, or to or the Next Select photo, or and to If to of the following: Click From to photo from or CD-ROM. the then or Copy to Factory. Click to from or If already selected, the software If from the then or as necessary. with the the section to From to
ready to photo, Next or the Assignment You the Assignment Select the to or to the to the whole the Ratio the ratio of or to to finishing, Factory the of This width/height (or aspect match the of the selected. Select of the Preferences If 6-inch with perforations, Select the right the EPSON C60 selected. the the the If 6-inch perforations) or Perforations From to selected Select the type of using
Select the the If which to choose, Click or to the of If with the the section. If using to Click the You (or Select PhotoEnhance to the and of photo. Select Correction to from of photographs, such as People or or such as Soft or tint. Select to the Select to From to
PhotoEnhance affects You to to which Click OK You to the Assignments Click Next You options: the of photo. If the and Select the of Click the If using printed. If Follow then or glass-covered and from high and and of sunlight. to its finished using the to off. or switch to off the From to Click the Select the of to
This to its and Follow the instructions Cleaning the Head below Cartridge the Head Cleaning the Transporting the EPSON or on-screen Reference Click the EPSON Information Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or or from the to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning clean This section to clean the head the Head Cleaning This the recommended when the connected directly to the three seconds (when the You the head holding the light off). EPSON or on-screen Reference instructions.
turn the Its to least once month to the Head Cleaning light off. (If the light flashing or to the the turned and the of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning Macintosh: the and choose or Click the then the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light flashing, to the head clean. the the and Then The the section If the or If the white Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head
the the Each should with or as shown: If If white or (as shown), the head instructions. Cartridge light flashes, This to the the light to of the The light or To supply, of the following: Double-click the the right of If of the the right: You the You showing the amount of You the to and
the and choose Click the You the the right: than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the these EPSON within months of them and the the Black T028201 T029201 T028 or T029 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or EPSON or the EPSON SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridge of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with To the the head hand. You empty. the the obtained the the head light off.
and Cartridges Once the the light should flashing). Then the cover. the turned and (the button. The head to the and the Press the light flashes. light to or The If flashes the as the light, to the If it flashes as as the light, to the If to both The the right and the the the The from its
the of the and of the Then the top. You the yellow from the top of the or permanently Dont to the clear the Dont the board the back of the and the slightly as the that the the Dont the the the when
Press the If to the other through with and the cover. The charging the Press the light flashes and the Charging about finished, the The light flashing and and the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than light
the Head If to the head. directly to to the Head thats least inches to from the and the turned and loaded. of the following: Right-click the the right of and Head the and choose or Print. Then the the the Head Follow the instructions the to You this On the the that shows the precisely top of each other. You to Select each and Then the of the each the the Click Realignment to another the each the If and finished,
Cleaning the To its should clean Turn off the the cord, and the then to or from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont the the to the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning included with they the Dont the Clean
Transporting the If to its or of To the when the to the the its location. Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the Repack the and its the the protective that with them. the as the the the head and If clean the head the head the to the
This section the basics and First to what the of the to the of the Its to to Download instructions Then these sections and Software Quality Printout Uninstalling and Software Where to
and light and light cover and head
the lights as below, or as Lights Explanation light flashes light or You light One of the flashes To which the as and light off and light light and light and light The charging or cleaning the head. If then the to to the If that turn off the the cover, and the from the front, including torn Then the and the If the If to of the as of the head. Turn off the the cover, and or other Then the If the lights or EPSON; information. The internal Turn off the seconds, and If the lights flashing, or EPSON; information. light One of incorrectly. Follow the instructions to to and the
You to whether from the or other The shows and both the and off. Then the interface from the or the then and release the the holding the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM and and (If the to the head; Turn off the the Then the and and If the the software the interface or software correctly. If the with the and If nothing or EPSON as
and and Software The installation. The first the charge its head charging finishes (the light flashing) off the or charge improperly and the turn If the or the light flashing turn off the If the light flashing when back EPSON as the completely and the Turn off the then back to clear the the software. and the securely connected both Then follow the instructions the the and other including and protection software, and If C60 appear the Chooser, too items the Chooser. items and the Chooser or software correctly, software
or XP, Block Hardware> or instead. If or XP, from The USB correctly from the USB properly If If on-screen Reference instructions light nothing the the interface securely and that the the and as If the software correctly. If to as on-screen Reference The sounds as though nothing the head clogged. To the head, The properly or that the
when or while. too the and If high-resolution than the listed. You to: Clear or that Increase memory. the try these Choose Black include the Quality/Speed to the Advanced MicroWeave off and/or High If connected to USB If the ECP/DMA or the instructions. Quality You (light The head cleaning; instructions. the matches the loaded; the of the Its usually whiter or The replacing. To using or (Macintosh) instructions. the Head instructions.
or smeared. isnt or curled, or (the should If or curled, of with or the the on-screen Reference EPSON to and absorption of EPSON the Head instructions. or The head cleaning; instructions. The or To the matches the loaded. isnt or If of with the usually whiter or than the other
You or the option to and software The head cleaning; instructions. The or To turning off PhotoEnhance. that using or instructions. the the Advanced information about Advanced exactly match on-screen to as as the ICM or ColorSync higher Select higher Quality instructions. the Head instructions. You to increase the or software
Too that the option software or or If the the Press the to the and then the If when the or too thin. feed correctly or the If feed, it from the the right the then the the If feed once, the from the sheet the to the then If the seconds to clear the If that the cover and the from the front, including that torn off. the and the If incorrectly or frequently: smooth, high-quality the of the of to the sheets. Dont the arrow the the the right the the too tightly.
Printout The inverted, as Turn off the Advanced or the (If EPSON Iron-On Cool the should inverted.) The selected or the active the Chooser. The head cleaning. or incorrect. and options correctly. The incorrect. the or instructions. software instructions choosing the The within the of the Specifications on-screen Reference to the right of the You incorrect characters. the interface securely connected and the or Then selected software, or as the active the Chooser. If using switch or USB with the directly to
Uninstalling and Software You to and then and this might necessary when operating You to Factory or EPSON and Reference Click and or to or EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall the EPSON C60 selected and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. when then follow the instructions the to software. software CD-ROM. Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM necessary) and the EPSON The appears. Click On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall. Then the Uninstall the and follow the instructions. then follow the instructions the to software.
Where To If with or Factory, the information below. If other software with the that software technical information. EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services below: Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services You purchase and from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please of services hours To these services, tone and SoundAdvice SM this to the EPSON C60 SoundAdvice.
and Notices This chapter includes instructions, notices, and other information. To and its software, should Microsoft PC with or or or or or or XP) Microsoft or XP At least 20MB of RAM or 32MB or 64MB or XP) 50MB of free (100MB or recommended) VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD the software One of the following: high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to with D-SUB, and the USB or XP with Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB to
To and its software, should Apple or G3 or G4 with built-in USB OS through OS or recommended) information about OS At least 16MB of RAM (32MB recommended) At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) VGA or CD-ROM or DVD the software shielded USB AB to NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused and Notices
Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using outlets the as or that switch and off. the where the easily fiche the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the and from of interference, such as or telephone locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the the or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the Dont switch off the or the the the off the or cover the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. light off. and Notices
Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or the the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced quality. the the the within months of first them. from allow to least three hours this the or to them. This the head. the IC the of the This and If the supply from and and the as the that there the covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the the head the right and the the to the to the and Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 and Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: P320A America, Inc. Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the first purchaser that the EPSON covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of year from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely and Notices
the and to within of of the or to the of the the that to the If choose to this information, the shipped to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and This warranty and apply to products purchased from This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the EPSON caused or manufactured, distributed, or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or to the EPSON its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If claimed or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to America, Inc., P.O. CA and Notices
and Notices