C68 PM C68
C68 PM Introduction The C68 the business and With its and of The C68 with DURABrite These to and fading, the of the the and through, theyre C68 as the these instructions to: from or information about the on-screen the when the software. Please follow these as C68 instructions: Warning: to to to Notes information about hints Introduction
C68 PM Loading The type of choose affects the to the If rough the however, to of information. Follow these to the and its the and to the Loading
C68 PM the the right Then the the of the too tightly). You to sheets of and to sheets of of the on-screen Follow these when Dont the arrow the the the the and right the Its often brighter or whiter than the other the first, when or the top first. If feeding sheets. If the instructions. 6-inch or 7-inch Loading
C68 PM Follow the instructions this section basic of below. OS X, If photographs, information about the and You this C68 selected. Click the or Preferences (If or Then or Preferences the Select Click to software
C68 PM You the Select the type of Select Select Select or Select from these Quality Option rough with reduced Text: text-only with higher text Text with and with higher and graphics with and or graphics with high the and match the the Select or the Click options
C68 PM options, the Advanced Then the following as necessary. Select Quality as Click to RPM the as information about advanced or instructions them as them or If to the the and as necessary. Click OK to then OK or to Select (To choose ICM first) Click to this Advanced each
C68 PM this appears and shows the of You the to or You You the OS Follow the below of OS photographs, the (OS or the (OS as the the and You the or Select C68 Select Select or OS
C68 PM Select C68 the Format Select choose with the option. Select or as the Click OK the and You this Select C68 the Select from the Select the following as necessary: C68 Select Select Select or Black Select higher or Click
C68 PM choose these other options from the Select the of or as PDF to Select options, such as ColorSync or Select ColorSync or the the or off the software. or the Summary: of selections. information about the Click the Advanced to these Click OS Select RPM the
C68 PM To the of the when appears the the of If using OS the instead, then C68 the You this: Select the button You the finished, the or
C68 PM You the following C68: inches S041934 Bright White inches) S041586 inches S041808 S041727 inches) S041331 inches S041809 Heavyweight inches S041467 Double-Sided inches) S041568 Quality inches) S041062 You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please inches) S041935 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286 S041667 inches) S041141 S041649 S041272 S041271 inches) S041257 inches) S041067 A4 inches) S041061
C68 PM Selecting the Correct to the or software: this Select this Paper/Bright White Bright White Heavyweight Double-Sided Quality Envelope Heavyweight
C68 PM You and with or without white With photographs from years. The DURABrite to when with that properly or information.) with that and lengthen life: or protective to them from atmospheric humidity, and high of with photographs, from sunlight. or acid-free, commonly from stores. the instructions Then below or OS X. the and Click the or Preferences (If or Then or Preferences the
C68 PM You this Click there without white Select or as the Quality Option Select of the following the option, to match the Heavyweight without white the the and OK Select Select or as the of the following: Click OK then OK or If to the highest or with the the section. Select or
C68 PM On the the Advanced the right of the If Select the following advanced as necessary: Click to RPM the Select as the highest RPM Please that this Once finished selecting advanced Click OK to to the and Click the to to the Click the and with to Select (To choose ICM first)
C68 PM Select the following as necessary: Select options Select options other choose. Select or options as necessary. These and If the to choose or the the least amount of there white the of the expands the to that there the of the appear the Click OK to then OK or Select below
C68 PM OS the and You this Select C68 the Format Select choose of the following: (Sheet US Select or as the Click OK the and Select C68 the Select C68 Select OS
C68 PM Select from the You this Select Select of the following to match the Select Quality higher or the of the following: Click If to higher or with the the section. Select C68
C68 PM Click Advanced Select these as necessary: RPM the highest information advanced or instructions them as them the Select from the You this from the Click to RPM the Select options OS
C68 PM If necessary, the to choose or the the least amount of there white the of the expands the to that there the of the appear the Click Print.
C68 PM Cartridges the light flashes, or the light to the cartridge(s). which or empty. than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the light off. Purchasing Cartridges these within months of them and the the Black T060120 T060220 T060320 T060420 To and them. Other products to covered warranty. You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridges
C68 PM Cartridge Precautions Warning: of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with Dont the or Dont the IC from the without IC the touching the IC as this the If temporarily, the supply the of the from and or, the to its the as the the upright (the the should top). You with empty, the other the and Cartridges Once the the obtained or the the head To and them. Other products to covered warranty. the turned (The light should flashing.) Then the cover. Press and release the Cartridges
C68 PM The to the and the that to the The light to flash. To the the head hand. Dont the than seconds, or the to the head. Press the If than empty, the the If the identified, the head to the as shown below. Removing and Cartridges
C68 PM the cover. the back of the as of the Dont the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the from its four or Then from the the the front of the This the Cartridges Dont the
C68 PM the the seated. If to other and with the cover. the cover and the The charging the and Cartridges
C68 PM The light flashes and the Charging about finished, the light flashing and and the light off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Cartridges
C68 PM If with C68, the lights (as below) to what causing You and troubleshooting or on-screen If the Where To Checking the Lights Lights Explanation The receiving flashes charging or cleaning the head. light and light flashes light flashes and light flashes light One of the the that flashes appears to which light and light then the to the Press the to the If that off the the cover, and the from the front, including torn Then the and the One of the of or then follow the to If incompatible with the or incorrectly or with the
C68 PM Lights Explanation light and light and light off light off; light and light flashes and You (light the or matches the loaded. The head cleaning; follow the instructions below to the head: the turned and the light off. Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning If the to as the then Head Cleaning of the head. Turn off the then the cover and or other Turn the back If the lights as The Turn off the seconds, and If the lights flashing, as
C68 PM OS X: the Applications and Select C68 the OK and Head Cleaning Click or Next Cleaning seconds. The head cleaning and the light flashes. off the while head cleaning You the the light flashing, the then the following: Click Then Macintosh: Click Confirmation then Next The If the or white as shown, If the Clean to clean the head You the off and overnight. This allows to Then cleaning the head The replacing; instructions. or smeared. isnt or curled, or (the should to and absorption of correctly or the If once, the from the the to the then and
C68 PM seconds to clear the If the If that the cover and the from the front, including that torn off. the and the Heavily causing when both of the smooth, high-quality Dont the arrow the the the right the the too tightly. Where To technical hours through the services and telephone services the following Service Access World From the reach At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services of services To these services, tone telephone and SoundAdvice SM this to the C68 SoundAdvice. To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply.
C68 PM Please the following information ready: Product C68) Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase and operating of the You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Other Software Technical Software Telephone/Fax and ArcSoft PhotoImpression AM PM www.arcsoft.com Where To
C68 PM Notices To and its software, should Microsoft PC with or recommended) Microsoft 98SE, or XP At least 64MB RAM (128MB recommended) 100MB free (200MB or recommended) VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD the software USB with 98SE, or XP, and Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB improperly shielded USB the to malfunction. To and its software, should Apple or G3, G4, or G5 with built-in USB OS or At least 128MB (256MB recommended) At least 100MB free (200MB recommended) VGA or CD-ROM or DVD the software shielded USB AB improperly shielded USB might the to malfunction. Notices
C68 PM Instructions these instructions to and effectively: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using outlets the as or that switch and off. the where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the and from of interference, such as or telephone locations that to heat or humidity, shocks or or enough around the least inches the back of the and the the or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or or the its or This allow to from the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the turn the off the Dont switch off the or the the light off. or the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. Instructions
C68 PM the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of first them. cool, with the of the facing from allow to least three hours using from its this or tear the this the or to them. This the head. the IC the front of the This operation and If the from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the the head the right and the the with the included to the Notices
C68 PM FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 FCC
C68 PM Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/ or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B341A NERGY TAR Compliance NERGY TAR that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused Notices
C68 PM Inc. Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the and free from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSONpsonurchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the SM 7525(U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations You securely the and to within of of the or to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and This warranty This warranty or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating America, Inc. Warranty
C68 PM or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to America, Inc. P.O. CA Notices
C68 PM rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and copying or of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as broad as people each to and of the copyright when and and and of Corporation. DURABrite and RPM of Inc. and SoundAdvice service of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Inc. Copyright Notice of Copyrighted Inc. Warranty
C68 PM Notices
C68 PM
C68 PM CPD-19656 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX