rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Concerning of Copyrighted and photocopiers, and copying and reprinting of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as as people EPSON each to and of the copyright when and EPSON, EPSON EPSON and MicroWeave of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON EPSON PhotoCenter, EPSON and SoundAdvice service and Performance RPM, EPSON Software, and PhotoEnhance of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Printed Copyright America, Inc. CPD-14477 Copyright Notice
EPSON C62 or office It with these features: Exceptionally high anything from reports and to family and cards. Performance (RPM) technology, which the and of of types, and and performance with of from EPSON Bright White to EPSON Heavyweight. EPSON and the highest
About Software The CD-ROM that with includes the software (You CD-ROM or DVD the instructions. and You cant without Its to free to Download instructions EPSON Information on-screen to information about It includes EPSON animated and other It includes on-screen Reference information about (The OS EPSON Software Factory that and flash. Supports Print. information. EPSON PhotoCenter free photo-sharing where and high-resolution straight from the and free postcards with software to the EPSON PhotoCenter SM
About To and its software, the This information, warranty, and instructions the EPSON Information with or the Please follow these throughout: Warning: followed to to to information about hints information EPSON Information
the EPSON Information clearing or cleaning the head? the EPSON Information (EPIC) to that EPIC includes on-screen Reference with Follow the instructions the to the EPSON Information already. You browsersuch as Microsoft or or or laterto the Reference If the correctly. the Double-click the EPSON Information (The OS Click Click
Click the topic, then the title of the to the to replay or Click to the Double-click the EPSON Information Click Reference You this Click to the of Click topic the to the of Click topic, to
Click the topic to Click right to then topic. Click to Closed to Click to to topic If graphic when Reference the to the graphic.
From to Follow the instructions these sections to using features: Loading Macintosh Selecting the Correct Factory Print the right the and EPSON and EPSON Choose the right the each type of and selected, the and the loaded.
Loading Press the locking the and to the of the right of the the the lightly the the Press the locking and the the Follow these when the first, when landscape-oriented the Its usually whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the instructions Double-click the EPSON Information From to the
Loading to first and each or the the right of the the Press the locking the and the choose the as the or and as the OS to or OS X) instructions. with the From to
software follow these to From the You this EPSON C62 selected. Click the or Preferences (If or Then or Preferences the From to Select Click to software
Select the following the The thing to to the the Select type Select Select or Click OK information about the or You to the Click OK or to this appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You Select the type of rough with reduced Text: text-only with higher text Text with text and with higher and graphics with and or graphics with high Click to Click to or From to
Selecting the You apply to the currently If the Right-click the the right of Select You the shown Select the applications, then OK. You the necessary. software follow the of these sections to OS to the section. OS with OS to From the Select the following Click OK to the From to C62 the of
From the Select the following information about the You the following: Click to reduce/enlarge, layouts, or Click to background Click then to Click to Click If turned background EPSON from the Application the right of the You the EPSON Select then to Click to If background and to the and the type Select and and white photographs) or Black text Select Select Quality or From to
with OS If OS follow the below to (If thats with follow the instead.) to as Software OS X From the Select the following as necessary: finished, OK Select from the You this: Select from the pull-down From to Select C62 (USB) from the Format Select the and other to Click and
Select the following as necessary: information about The OS of the with the OS to this You choose other selecting these options the pull-down to the of or to options to as PDF to ColorSync, the the or off the software Summary to of selections Custom to selections Click Select type Select and and white photographs) or Black text Quality or From to
To the of the when appears the the of You this: the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to If listed, then the Priority arrow as to the finished, From to
You higher or selecting of effects and layouts. On the the Advanced the right of the The to the Advanced Select the following Select Quality as Click to RPM the Select as Click to Black Once finished selecting advanced Click OK to to the and Click the to to the Click the and with to information about or instructions them as them the or If to the Advanced each the this first From to Select To choose ICM first
Select the following as necessary: Select options Select options these only to information the or Click OK to to the and From to Select options and To to
On the Custom then the Custom to OS through OS information (OS X) or (OS to If finished selecting to To to To advanced Custom and then Advanced (OS X) or Advanced (OS to Click Custom then choose of the following: Text/Graph or (to or ColorSync (to match with from the Custom Click Custom then choose of the following: Text/Graph or (to or ColorSync (to match with from the Custom From to
Select these advanced as necessary: Click to RPM the Select options OS information advanced or instructions them as them (OS X) or (OS to To (OS X) or OK to then (OS to From to OS through Select higher Quality options To from the Select
Selecting the Correct the type of Thats why the or It what of and the coverage accordingly. the should choose this sheets or EPSON Bright White EPSON Iron-On EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Heavyweight EPSON Double-Sided EPSON EPSON EPSON Cards EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON The of location. Select this or Quality Heavyweight From to
Factory You Factory to and If (Exchangeable Print, this when with Factory to the with OS X). With Print, such as white and If Print, this when with such as EPSON Software Factory. From to
Factory Factory. You the Factory Click to or existing If with Factory, from the or the on-screen Started that with Factory to the Select of or click the and New If with that Print, this when with Factory to the Right-click or Ctrl (Macintosh) photo thumbnail to information about the the Click the to or the the top of the to the From to
To Factory, the then: Click From to from Click From to from or CD-ROM. Click From PC Card to from PC Click From to from or If already selected, the software If and or to OS X). Click the to option. the Prints button. You buttons each to follow, as shown. Click to or necessary. You and and with photograph. other such as brightness and these retained. ready to with the the section. From to
ready to the Assignment You this Click to the with Select and OS to Select these options the the of the selected OS X: Click the Select the Format the and OK If to the with photo, the From to Select Select
Click the the of the You options: Select the of to this the using If photo right the preview, the and (Click the Select the of to the the when containing to OS X). Click the the top of the printed. OS to You the printed. OS X: You the Select from the pull-down Then and other as necessary, and resealable or glass-covered and from high humidity, and sunlight. to its From to
This chapter to its and Cleaning the Head below Cartridge the Head Cleaning the Transporting the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or or from the to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning only This section to the head the Head Cleaning only when connected directly to the three seconds (when the You the head holding the information about cleaning the head, EPSON Information the the turn least once month to light off).
the Head Cleaning light off. (If the light flashing or to the the turned and the of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning Macintosh: OS to the and choose or Click the then the Head Cleaning OS X: the Applications and EPSON Select C62 the OK and Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the light flashing, the and Then The the section the If the or If the white Clean to clean the head If cleaning three or four the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head
the the should with or as shown: If If white or the head instructions. Cartridge light flashes, (You This to the the The light or than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the Checking the Double-click the the If the the right: right-click the and to Click to and light to of the light off.
OS to the and choose Click the OS X: Choose Applications EPSON C62 You the the right: Click to information about the Cartridges these EPSON within months of them and the the Black T040120 T041020 T040 or T041.) To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridge Warning: of the reach of children and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with To the the head hand. You empty. the the obtained the the head SM
and Cartridges Once the light should flashing). Then the cover. the turned and (the The head the and the Press the light to or The If flashes the as the light, the If flashes as as the light, the If both You the to which of information. The the right and the the the The from its light flashes.
the of the and of Unwrap the Then only the top. You the from the top of the or permanently Dont to the clear the Dont the the back of the operation and the the the the back. Dont the the the when
Press the it If to the other through with and the cover. The charging the Press the light flashes and the Charging about finished, the The light flashing and and the off the while the light the hasnt or than light
the Head If or white or to the head. connected directly to to the Head Turn the Right-click the the right of and Head OS to the and choose or Print. Then the the the Head OS X: the Applications and EPSON Select C62 the OK and Head Follow the instructions the to You this On the the with the precisely top of each other. You to or Select each and Then the of the each the the Then If cant to another then this
Cleaning the To its should Turn off the the cord, and the then to clean or from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Warning: Dont the the to the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the Dont the Clean
Transporting the If to its or of To the when the Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. to the the its location. the and the the and its the the protective that with them. the as the the the head and If quality, the head the head the to the
This chapter the basics and First to what the of the to the of the Its to to Download instructions Then these sections and Software Quality Printout Uninstalling and Software Where To
and light and light cover and head
the lights as below, or as Lights Explanation light The charging or cleaning the flashes head. light or You If then the light flashes One of the To which the as and light off and light light and light light and light to If first the to the If that off the the cover, and including torn Then the and the If to of of the head. Turn off the the cover, and or other Then the If the lights or EPSON; information. The internal Turn off the seconds, and turn If the lights flashing, or EPSON; information. One of incorrectly. Follow the instructions to to and the
You to whether from the or other Turn off and the interface the then and release the the holding the the light flashes, then release The showing its ROM and (If the or through the head; If the the software the interface or software correctly. If the with the and If nothing or EPSON as Turn off the the Then the and turn and
and and Software The the charge its head finished (the light flashing) turn off the or the the completely and the Turn off the then turn back to clear the the software. Turn and its securely both Follow the the and the and other including screen and protection software, and the software If the C62 appear the Chooser, too items the Chooser. items. If with software If using and the USB from the USB correctly. the USB properly If on-screen Reference instructions
light nothing the the interface securely connected both and the and as If the software correctly. If to as Reference The sounds as though nothing the head clogged. To the head, The properly or when or while. too the and If high-resolution than the You to: Clear or that Increase memory. the these Select as the Quality type or the Quality/Speed to (Macintosh). the Advanced High or MicroWeave off and High (Macintosh). If to USB If the ECP/DMA or the instructions.
Quality You (light Clean the head; instructions. Select higher and off High or Select the or the of the Its whiter or The replacing; only); (OS to or (OS X). the head as or smeared. isnt or curled, or (the should with or sheet the specifications the on-screen Reference EPSON and absorption of EPSON the head instructions.
or Clean the head; The or Select the or (Macintosh) isnt dirty, or If EPSON higher or higher Quality or Quality OS to or OS X; the head; instructions. Increase the or software You or Black off or selected when and white photographs. Clean the head; instructions. The or Turn off PhotoEnhance. that using only); (OS to or (OS X). the or exactly match on-screen However, such as ICM or ColorSync to as as
correctly or the If feed, from the the of the sheets, them the right (beneath the then the the If the to clear the If necessary, the cover and or torn and the or If the the Press the to the then the If when the or too thin. Printout The inverted, as Turn off or (Macintosh) the software, or the (If EPSON Iron-On the should inverted.) The selected the or the Chooser or Clean the head; instructions. You incorrect characters. the interface securely connected both and the or selected the or the Chooser or If switch or USB with the directly to instead.
The incorrect. the OS to or OS X). Choose the The within the of the Specifications on-screen Reference to the right of the and the lightly the other Dont the arrow the or incorrect. and options correctly. Too that the option software or
Uninstalling and Software You to and then and operating You to EPSON Factory or EPSON Information Click and or to or EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall the EPSON C62 selected and OK Then follow the instructions. then the to software and instructions). OS to software CD-ROM. Double-click EPSON then EPSON the that The appears. Click On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall. Then the Uninstall the and follow the instructions. Macintosh, then the to software.
OS the Applications then the Select C62 and the Macintosh, then to software. Where To If with or Factory, the information below. If other software with the that software technical information. EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services below: Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services You purchase and from the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please of services hours To these services, touch tone and SoundAdvice this to the EPSON C62 SoundAdvice. SM
Software software, follow the the to and to If XP, or or OS to follow the software instructions the If of the operating below, follow the instructions this chapter to software: Software OS X below Software Software Software OS First software OS applications, then OS and software OS X. the EPSON CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD-ROM to Double-click EPSON Then the that Select
If this Click the then OK then Click then and to the to the installation. Select the OS or and the Follow the on-screen instructions to the and Factory the to Factory; follow the on-screen instructions to Click then the Factory To the EPSON Information the and follow the on-screen instructions to Click and Software Click the
the OS Applications then the and If this If C62 already appears the to At the Select EPSON USB C62 then appears the and OS Follow the instructions the section to the OS and optional software Software
Software OS Select EPSON necessary. Then EPSON the that and to the to the Click and follow the on-screen instructions to the and Macintosh. with EPSON as instructed. the Chooser the Apple Select C62 then USB and background the Chooser. Select EPSON the You the Click EPSON Software Factory follow the on-screen instructions to finished, the CD-ROM. the CD-ROM to software to Software
Software connected to and turned as the Turn to and this: Dont the If this appear, and connected. the EPSON CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD-ROM to Click Next Click the Search option, then Next Click CD-ROM then Next At the Next Software
automatically. At the New and to the to the installation. At the to installation. (If the correctly, Click EPSON Software Factory follow the on-screen instructions to the about QuickTime, and follow the on-screen instructions. You to QuickTime. Select and to the EPSON Information It includes helpful animations and finished, with EPSON, then the CD-ROM, and the CD-ROM to software ready to Software
Software connected to and turned as the Turn If New the EPSON CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD and to the to the installation. At the and follow the on-screen instructions. to the EPSON Software Factory follow the instructions to the about QuickTime, and follow the on-screen instructions. You to QuickTime. Select and to the EPSON Information It includes helpful animations and finished, with EPSON, then the CD-ROM, and the CD-ROM to software ready to Software
Software
and Notices This includes instructions, notices, and other information. To and its software, should Microsoft PC with or recommended Microsoft or XP At least 64MB of RAM (128MB recommended) 100MB of free (200MB or recommended) VGA or and One of the following: USB or XP with Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB to high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to with D-SUB, and the
To and its software, should G3, G4, or with built-in USB OS through OS or higher. OS or recommended) OS to At least 64MB of RAM (128MB recommended) OS X: At least 128MB of RAM (256MB recommended) At least 100MB of free (200MB recommended) VGA or shielded USB AB to NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused and Notices
Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the where the easily fiche the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the and from of interference, such as or locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the the or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the Dont switch off the or the the the off using the or cover the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. light off. and Notices
Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the If off with and If it them immediately with the or the the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of first them. cool, from allow to least three hours this the or to them. This the head. the IC the of the This operation and If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the the head the right and the the to the to the and Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 and Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: B162A Inc. Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the first purchaser that the EPSON covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the and from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please EPSON information and warranty service necessary. service telephone service, and whether the service. If that service required, its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You and Notices
securely the or and them to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of quality, and, option, another of and quality. of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and This warranty and apply to products purchased from This warranty cover or of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the EPSON caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the EPSON its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to Inc. P.O. CA and Notices
and Notices