Right thickness cover Cartridges Cartridge Black T032120 T042220 T042320 T042420 Reference EPSON Bright White S041586 Quality A4 Quality Cards A6 S041054 S041064 Heavyweight S041257 S041341 Enhanced (Archival Double-Sided S041568 S041331 Cards S041606 S041654 EPSON C82 EPSON C82 A4 inches (perforated S041062 S041061 S041067 S041141 S041649 S041271 S041272 S041140 S041134 S041671
EPSON C82 Specifications Black each: yellow) Bidirectional with 32KB Mechanical feed Friction top entry, front of Width: inches Depth: inches inches Width: inches Depth: inches Height: inches without the with Specification to to Rated to to Rated A) A) Approx. (ISO power-off the the back of the EPSON C82 (ISO off to F to C) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) hours F C) (without to RH to RH UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC CSA C108.8 Class Cartridges Black (T032120) Color(s) Black capacity* (A4, ISO/IEC duty); (A4 5%duty) Cartridge from within months F C) to F to C) month F C) Transit to F to C) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) inches (W H) (W H) The based The The charging reduces the of the though it the amount of thaws and hours F C). To EPSON and them. Other products to the covered warranty. Dont the the expired. (T042220, T042320, T042420) (A4, each inches (W H) (W H)
type Thickness sheets inches) inches) inches) inches) A4 A5 A6 inches) distributed EPSON Heavyweight Double-Sided Enhanced inches DL, C6, inches inches) Quality inches) inches) A4 A6 distributed EPSON Bright White inches) Bright White distributed EPSON inches) A4 inches inches) distributed EPSON the first. the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or these to F to C) Humidity: to RH inches) Heavyweight, Double-Sided, and Enhanced distributed EPSON to inch to or to inch to to to Quality distributed EPSON distributed EPSON B-L B-R A: The top inch B-L: The inch B-R: The right inch C: The inch (including and cards, and inch You the to inch selecting as the Printable However, the expanded EPSON C82 EPSON C82 B-L B-R C to to C
EPSON C82 To the as below, or Follow the this when the lights: or The light when the ready to flashing It flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. It flashes when the head to the The of and then the to flashing the Press the to the If that clear the the cover and including torn Then of and the to flashing One of the to which the light flashing and the and to One of the of Follow the instructions to the If the light cant the the to the EPSON C82 button and light and light and light and of the flashing head, or internal Turn off the the cover, and Also, the as the Then the back If the isnt cleared, or EPSON. and unknown occurred. Turn the flashing off and or EPSON. off The these Cartridges The instructions this section to the the first the and to or outdated Dont the or Dont the IC from the without IC the Also, the IC This the If temporarily, the supply the of the from and or its the as the the upright, as shown (the the should top). the turned Turn off the the securely, and turn the the outlet and switch or If another Dont the IC
the Cartridges the First Turn the the and the cover. the of four or Then the from the the to Then each its The of the should match the the four and them of or the Gently each completely seated. Press the and the cover. charging about seconds. You the light and hear the charging Dont off the this or off the when the light flashing the hasnt or than Cartridge the light flashing, of the light and to You of the empty. the the obtained otherwise the the head If the light flashing, the You or another than months to it that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, the the light isnt flashing. instructions. these EPSON within months of them and the the Black T032120 T042220 T042320 T042420 To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. EPSON C82 EPSON C82
EPSON C82 or the EPSON You the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please SM Empty Cartridge You when the light flashing or Once the the Follow these to when the light flashing or the turned and The light should flashing. the and the cover. Press the The head to the and the that to the The light to flash. Warning: To the the head hand. EPSON C82 Press the If than empty, the the This the every that to replaced. If the identified, the head to the the front and back of the as of the Dont the or try to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the from its four or
the from its and the the seated. through each to the cover and the The the head and charging the The light flashes and the Charging about finished, the light flashing and turn off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Outdated Cartridge the light isnt flashing or to than months and If cleaning and the heads, the cartridge(s) causing the the cartridge(s) Once the the Follow these to the light or to flash: and to which to replaced. Right-click the the and then to Choose from Then the On the the Check OS X: Applications and EPSON Select C82 the and OK Then Follow the instructions the to the Then the the You only to those whose the the and the cover. Press the The head to the and the light to flash. To the the head hand. the front and back of the as of the Dont the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the from its four or EPSON C82 EPSON C82
EPSON C82 the from its and the the seated. through each to the cover and the The the head and charging the The light flashes and the Charging about finished, the light flashing and off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Select the or to these this (or this and EPSON Bright White Bright White EPSON Quality Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight EPSON Double-Sided Double-Sided EPSON Enhanced EPSON EPSON EPSON Cards EPSON EPSON EPSON C82 Loading Dont the cleaning sheets that included with they the first, when landscape-oriented the and the to the (whiter) of the the the arrow the the below. to the or (Macintosh), to the the software. If there protective sheets the of or to the protective that to the right. You the following of of EPSON this of this sheets to sheets EPSON Bright White to EPSON Quality to EPSON Quality Cards to with the included beneath the EPSON to EPSON to EPSON Heavyweight to sheets with the EPSON Enhanced included sheet beneath the EPSON to EPSON EPSON Double-Sided EPSON Cards If feeding One
Testing the You to whether from the or other both the and turned off. Then the interface from the or the the then and release the holding the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and (If the its to the head; below.) Turn off the the Then the and and If the the software interface or If the with the the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or or from the to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning This section to clean the head the Head Cleaning This the recommended when the connected directly to You the head holding the the three seconds when the light off. the Its to least once month to the turned The light should flashing. Neither of the other lights should flashing or You cant the head the light flashing or the instead. Right-click the the and then Head Cleaning to Choose from Then the On the the Head Cleaning OS X: Applications and EPSON Select C82 the and OK Then Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the light flashing, to that the head clean. the and or Confirmation Then follow the on-screen to If the its If the Clean to clean the head If cleaning three or four the the EPSON C82 EPSON C82
EPSON C82 the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head Follow these the and loaded. Right-click the the and then Head to Choose from Then the On the the Head OS X: Applications and EPSON Select C82 the and OK Then Head Follow the instructions the to You this EPSON C82 the of each the with the top of each other and its the the If perfectly each Next If of the perfectly the and this perfectly each Click to the the four of each the with the precisely top of each other and its the the If perfectly each Next If of the perfectly the and Realignment this perfectly each
Click to You this the with the or the its the the and Next If cant choose the and Realignment this Click to the with the or the and its the the Then If cant choose the and Realignment this Cleaning the To its should Follow these Turn off the and the light to the and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. the cover closed to from If the the section below with cloth. Dont the the cloth to the otherwise scratch Dont rough cloth, and or to clean of the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning included with they the EPSON C82 EPSON C82 If with free cloth
EPSON C82 Transporting the If to its or of To the when the to the the its location. Turn the the head the right then off the the the from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the the and the the protective that with them. the as the the the head and If the head the head EPSON C82 the to the Related PL-SC82 EPSON C82 CPD-14293R2 EPSON C82 CPD-14295R1 EPSON C82 CPD-14296R1 EPSON C82 CD-ROM with Reference CPD-15375 and to