PM C86 EPSON Cartridges Unpack the shown If as the back of this Software CD-ROM and and around the The slightly touch or the white the the the back of the The should securely. On the to the then grounded Press the the light only the to the and off. the the and the cover. the of four or Then the from the (Dont them the the boards or the cover. each its with the facing the front. Then each seated. The of the should match the the cover. the cover. the cover, then the The light flashes as charges Dont turn off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the included with You of the following USB or o only). If NT USB or turned off. turned off section Software. the of the the USB the back of the the of the USB (You USB only) turned off. turned off section Software. the of the with the the the of the then with the the of the with the screws the and with screws sheets of and them the right the the the Press the of the and the too tightly. Dont this arrow Software Follow the below to the software XP, or instructions the software NT XP connected and turned Then to and screen this: DONT CLICK ANY BUTTONS ON THIS SCREEN. If this appear, and connected. the CD CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD to software and appear the You the the and You the with the instructions Finishing Installation the back of this Turn
PM C86 EPSON the shown If as the back of this and and around the The slightly the the the back of the The should securely. the to the then grounded Press the the light Cartridges Unpack the the and the cover. Software CD-ROM the of four or Then the from the (Dont them the the boards or or the white the cover. each its with the facing the front. Then each seated. The of the should match the the cover. On the cover. the to turn the and off. the cover, then the The light flashes as charges Dont off the while the light the hasnt or than the included with You of the following USB or o only). If NT USB or turned off. turned off section Software. the of the the USB the back of the the of the computers USB (You USB only) turned off. turned off section Software. the of the with the the the of the then with the the of the with the screws the and with screws sheets of and them the right the the the Press the of the and the too tightly. Dont this arrow Software Follow the below to the software XP, or instructions the software NT XP and Then turn to and screen this: DONT CLICK ANY BUTTONS ON THIS SCREEN. If this appear, turned and connected. the CD CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD to software and appear the You the the and You the with the instructions Finishing Installation the back of this Turn
the the and the cover. Software CD-ROM the of four or Then the from the (Dont them the or the white the cover. each its with the facing the front. the cover. PM C86 EPSON Cartridges Unpack the shown If as the back of this and and around the The slightly the the the back of the The should securely. On the to the then grounded Press the the light the to turn the and off. the cover, then the The light flashes as charges Dont off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the included with You only of the following USB or o only). the boards or If NT USB or turned off. turned off section Software. the of the the USB the back of the the of the USB (You USB Then each seated. The of the should match the the cover. only) turned off. off section Software. the of the with the the the of the then with the the of the with the screws the and with screws of and them the right the the the Press the of the and the too tightly. Dont this arrow Software Follow the below to the software XP, or instructions the software NT XP connected and turned Then to and this: DONT CLICK ANY BUTTONS ON THIS SCREEN. If this appear, turned and connected. the CD CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD to software and appear the You the the and You the with the instructions Installation the back of this Turn
the cover, then the button. included with You of the following o or USB only). the boards or If NT USB or turned off. turned off section Software. the of the the USB the back of the the of the computers USB (You USB only) turned off. turned off section Software. the of the with the the the of the then with the the of the with the screws the and the the and the cover. the of four or Then the from the (Dont them the the cover. each its with the facing the front. Then each seated. The of the should match the the cover. the cover. PM C86 EPSON Cartridges Unpack the shown If as the back of this Software CD-ROM and and around the The slightly or the white the the the back of the The should securely. On the to the then grounded Press the the light only the to the and off. of and them the right the the the The light flashes as charges Dont off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Press the of the and the too tightly. the Dont this arrow Software Follow the below to the software XP or instructions the software NT XP connected and turned Then turn to and this: DONT CLICK ANY BUTTONS ON THIS SCREEN. If this appear, and connected. the CD CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD to software and appear the You the Read the and You the with the instructions the back of this with screws
PM and connected and turned Then to and this: DONT CLICK ANY BUTTONS ON THIS SCREEN. If this appear, and connected. the CD CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD to Click Next the New to Next If using with If using to this the Search option, then Next this CD-ROM Specify location checked, then Next. At the Next automatically. of the following: Click Next each of the four that follow. Click Next the the appears, You the the and with the instructions Finishing the connected and turned Then to and this: DONT CLICK ANY BUTTONS ON THIS SCREEN If this appear, turned and connected. the CD CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD to Click Next the New this the Search option, then Next Click CD-ROM then Next Specify location checked. At the Next automatically. the and with the instructions Finishing Installation. the Then to that correctly. Click Software Factory If the If about QuickTime and follow the instructions the You Click Click and follow the instructions the The to to the Click and follow the instructions the finished, to the the Product as instructed, then the CD. ready to To from as as OS follow the below OS X, then OS and follow the below and turned Then the CD CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD to If the CD-ROM automatically, the CD-ROM Then the and At the OS X, and OK Follow the instructions the to the software. Click Software Factory If the and follow the instructions the Click Click and follow the instructions the Click and follow the instructions the finished, to the the Product as instructed, then the CD and with the instructions below operating OS the Applications then the and or If necessary, On the the Select EPSON USB from the pull-down C86 then from the If the the turned and connected. Click You the with the C86 and C86 options. the or Utility. ready to OS the Apple and Chooser. Click the C86 USB and Background the Chooser. ready to where to this instructions and and Double-click the to information about C86. Software Factory Click the or that appears the when the to (or Factory Started EPSON Technical World From the reach and other and troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services of services hours To these services, tone and SoundAdvice SM this to the C86 SoundAdvice. To and EPSON and to the from EPSON You purchase and from SM or or from the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please these and T044120 T043120 T044220 T044320 T044420 Black High Capacity Cartridge Black Cartridge Cartridge Cartridge Cartridge DURABrite high-gloss, DURABrite heavyweight that with DURABrite This snapshots and and Bright White Bright White ultra-smooth and brightness. This text and Its printingespecially two-sided Double-Sided Double-Sided coated both with photographic Its the when high-quality brochures, or and of Corporation. DURABrite Software and and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX CPD-17833R2
PM and connected and turned Then to and this: the CD CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD to the New Next Click Next to option, then Search this the Next CD-ROM this Specify then Next. location automatically. Next At the of the following: You the the and connected and turned Then to and this: DONT CLICK ANY BUTTONS ON THIS SCREEN. DONT CLICK ANY BUTTONS ON THIS SCREEN If this appear, turned and connected. If this appear, turned and connected. the CD CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD to Click Next the New this the Search option, then Next If with If using to Click CD-ROM then Next Specify location checked. At the Next Installation automatically. the and with the instructions Finishing the Then to that correctly. Click Software Factory If the If about QuickTime and follow the instructions the You each of the four that follow. Next Click Click the the Next Click appears, Click and follow the instructions the The to to the Click and follow the instructions the with the instructions Finishing Installation the finished, to the the Product as instructed, then the CD. ready to To from as as OS follow the below OS X, then OS and follow the below connected and turned Then turn the CD CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD to If the CD-ROM automatically, the CD-ROM Then the and At the OS X, and OK Follow the instructions the to the software. Click Software Factory If the and follow the instructions the Click Click and follow the instructions the Click and follow the instructions the finished, to the the Product as instructed, then the CD and with the instructions below operating OS the Applications then the and or If necessary, On the the Select EPSON USB from the pull-down C86 then from the If the the turned and connected. Click You the with the C86 and C86 the or Utility. ready to OS the Apple and Chooser. Click the C86 USB and Background the Chooser. ready to where to this instructions and and On-screen Double-click the to information about C86. On-screen Software Factory Click the or that appears the when using the to (or Factory Started EPSON Technical World From the reach and other and troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services of services hours To these services, tone telephone and SoundAdvice SM this to the C86 SoundAdvice. To and EPSON and to the from EPSON You purchase and from SM or or from the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please these and T044120 T043120 T044220 T044320 T044420 Black High Capacity Cartridge Black Cartridge Cartridge Cartridge Cartridge high-gloss, heavyweight that with DURABrite This and photo and Bright White Bright White ultra-smooth and brightness. This and Its printingespecially two-sided Double-Sided Double-Sided coated both with photographic Its the when high-quality brochures, or and of Corporation. DURABrite Software and and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX CPD-17833R2
connected and turned Then to and screen this: the CD CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD to the New Next Click option, then Search this the Next Specify location Next then CD-ROM Click checked. automatically. Next At the with the instructions the and Installation. Finishing the Then to that correctly. Software Click If the Factory Click and follow the instructions Click to to the the The and follow the instructions Click the to the finished, the Product as instructed, then the CD. ready to PM and connected and Then to and this: DONT CLICK ANY BUTTONS ON THIS SCREEN. If this appear, turned and connected. the CD CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD to the New Next Click Next to If using with If to Next option, then Search this the Specify CD-ROM this checked, then Next. location automatically. Next At the of the following: each of the four that follow. Next Click the the Next Click appears, You the the and with the instructions Finishing Installation the To from as as OS follow the below OS X, then OS and follow the below connected and turned Then Macintosh. the CD CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD to If the CD-ROM automatically, the CD-ROM Then the and DONT CLICK ANY BUTTONS ON THIS SCREEN At the OS X, and OK If this appear, turned and connected. Follow the instructions the to the software. Click Software Factory If the and follow the instructions the Click Click and follow the instructions the Click and follow the instructions the finished, to the the Product as instructed, then the CD and with the instructions below operating OS the Applications then the and or If necessary, On the the Select EPSON USB from the C86 then from the If about and follow the instructions the You If the the turned and connected. Click You the with the C86 and C86 options. the or Utility. ready to OS the Apple and Chooser. Click the C86 USB and Background the Chooser. ready to where to this instructions and and On-screen Double-click the to information about C86. On-screen Software Factory Click the or that appears the when using the to (or Factory Started EPSON Technical World From the reach and other and troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services of services hours To these services, tone telephone and SoundAdvice SM this to the C86 SoundAdvice. To and EPSON and to the from EPSON You purchase and from SM or or from the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please these and T044120 T043120 T044220 T044320 T044420 Black High Capacity Cartridge Black Cartridge Cartridge Cartridge Cartridge DURABrite high-gloss, DURABrite heavyweight that with DURABrite This and and Bright White Bright White ultra-smooth and brightness. This text and Its printingespecially two-sided Double-Sided Double-Sided coated both with photographic Its the when high-quality brochures, or and of Corporation. Software and and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX CPD-17833R2
To from as as OS applications, follow the below OS X, then OS and follow the below connected and turned Then the CD CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD to If the CD-ROM automatically, the CD-ROM Then the and At the OS X, OK and Follow the instructions the to the software. If the Software Factory Click and follow the instructions the Click and follow the instructions the Click and follow the instructions Click the to the finished, the Product as instructed, then the CD and OS the Applications then the or and If necessary, On the the from the EPSON USB Select C86 pull-down from the then C86 You the with the Click and options. C86 the or Utility. OS and Chooser. the Apple USB and C86 Click the Background the Chooser. connected and turned Then to and this: DONT CLICK ANY BUTTONS ON THIS SCREEN If this appear, turned and connected. the CD CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD to the New Next Click option, then Search this the Next Specify location Next then CD-ROM Click checked. automatically. Next At the with the instructions the and Finishing Finishing the Then click to that correctly. Software Click If the Factory If about QuickTime and follow the instructions the You Click and follow the instructions Click to to the the The and follow the instructions Click the to the finished, the Product as instructed, then the CD. ready to PM and connected and turned Then to and this: DONT CLICK ANY BUTTONS ON THIS SCREEN. If this appear, turned and connected. the CD CD-ROM or DVD and seconds the CD to the New Next Click Next to If with If to Next option, then Search this the Specify CD-ROM this then Next. location automatically. Next At the of the following: each of the four that follow. Next Click the the Next Click appears, You the the and with the instructions Finishing the where to this instructions and and On-screen Double-click the to information about C86. On-screen Software Factory Click the or that appears the when the to (or Factory Started EPSON Technical World From the reach and other and troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services of services hours To these services, tone telephone and SoundAdvice SM this to the C86 SoundAdvice. To and EPSON and to the from EPSON You purchase and from SM or or from the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please these and with the instructions below operating T044120 T043120 T044220 T044320 T044420 Black High Capacity Cartridge Black Cartridge Cartridge Cartridge Cartridge DURABrite high-gloss, DURABrite that with DURABrite This and and If the the turned and connected. Bright White Bright White and brightness. This text and Its printingespecially two-sided ready to Double-Sided Double-Sided coated both with photographic Its the when high-quality brochures, or and of Corporation. DURABrite Software and and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. ready to Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX CPD-17833R2