Thursday, PM and EPSON C82WN
Thursday, PM rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Concerning of Copyrighted photocopiers, and copying and of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as as people EPSON each to and of the copyright when and EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON EPSON and SoundAdvice service and and EPSON Software of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Printed CPD-15418 Copyright America, Inc. Copyright Notice
Thursday, PM Introduction EPSON C82WN the of technologyextremely and inkwith wireless You from existing the includes wireless without existing from wireless-equipped PC or Macintosh, Apple or from to The included with the with wireless and that with the (Wireless Fidelity) This the instructions the the software, and wireless
c82WN.book Thursday, PM The EPSON C82WN office, home, or On wired network the illustrated below, the and other information through of Router With wireless information and waves, to the You the EPSON C82WN location and to without to to or You the EPSON C82WN to with or without wireless (or Station). If station, both wired and wireless-equipped to the might allow to other such as access. Introduction Computers
Thursday, PM The below shows wireless that Wireless DSL If to the EPSON C82WN from or that wireless the below, both wireless-equipped directly with the Wireless EPSON C82WN, to with or without computer-to-computer, and Access or Station Wireless Wireless Computers LAN Introduction
Thursday, PM wireless with the EPSON C82WN, each the following Microsoft PC or with or recommended NT or XP 64MB of RAM (128MB recommended) 100MB of free (200MB or recommended) VGA or and (SVGA XP) CD-ROM or DVD the software each to connected to existing wired that wireless or to wireless with or router or of Wireless PCMCIA PCI or through USB wireless to without of Introduction
c82WN.book Thursday, PM wireless with the EPSON C82WN, each the following Apple G3 or G4, G4 Cube, or G3 or G4 OS through OS or OS or recommended) OS through 32MB of RAM (64MB recommended) OS X: 128MB RAM (256MB recommended) 100MB of (200MB recommended) VGA or CD-ROM or DVD the software each to wireless or to connected to existing wired that wireless or Station. If AirPort, EPSON that the with or Station. With AirPort, reliably the of connected to wired or Macintosh-compatible wireless or to without of If or the Station, software or Introduction
c82WN.book Thursday, PM Where to Information this to and EPSON C82WN wireless Please follow these to injury. to to Notes information about information, the following: Fast-track instructions and wireless to of and with or Macintosh, the and on-screen EPSON Information on-screen to information about It includes EPSON animated and other It includes on-screen Reference information about instructions the animations and Reference software If as the software, the button. You technical through and troubleshooting information, software and firmware. Information about the NetWare and other If these to technical or of services as Introduction
Thursday, PM This chapter to and You the and anywhere or office. that and the computer(s), and and that the within of other choose location from high sunlight, humidity, and the or other that might interference, such as operating microwave or Follow the instructions these the the Loading
Thursday, PM the Follow these to the the and the everything of the the items shown supply the and from the as shown. to and around the and other software CD-ROM
Thursday, PM follow the Instructions the the the of the The should securely. the Cartridges Follow these to the and the the grounded Press the the light the to the or off. switch, such as switch or switch. the and the cover. Warning: of the reach of If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with
Thursday, PM the of four or Then the from the Dont them the Dont the or Dont the boards the back of the each its The of the should match the the four and them of or the Gently each it seated. Press the the to the the Press the and the cover. charging about seconds. You the light and hear the Dont off the this or turn off the when the light flashing, the hasnt or than
Thursday, PM Loading of and them the right Dont the the the too tightly. Dont the arrow the the the the the to the properly. or the Press the to off the the as and release the holding the the light then release The showing its ROM counter, and If the lights the the chapter the If of the EPSON as Once the and and ready to the software and the the section instructions. Dont the arrow
c82WN.book Thursday, PM
Thursday, PM This chapter to the software, the and wireless It to to the wireless the to that wireless and If existing to that operating correctly and to If instructions, the or that with Then follow the instructions these to the and the C82WN software and the
Thursday, PM to the following to installation: Follow the instructions to the and If wireless interface, the wireless to connecting to the through or without instructions, the or wireless or selected the or SSID (Service XP, Network and correct. If using WEP (Wired Privacy) wireless to temporarily WEP This allows to to and the Follow the instructions wireless to write the WEP the WEP If allows to to to wireless to the If to the the IP of instructions IP If wireless interface and there with than the and the wireless Wireless
Thursday, PM the C82WN Software CD-ROM includes the following software: EPSON C82WN You the every that the EPSON C82WN This software and instructions the EPSON This of the the and when or This the You to and the to Direct This software, which or that the EPSON Software Factory This and flash. EPSON Information This includes animated and reference This the NetWare and advanced other with built-in web-based which to from the wireless that browser. You the using or this To the built-in and the IP the browsers information, Wireless
Thursday, PM the and CD-ROM the You the EPSON If this to then the CD-ROM Double-click EPSON C82WN the and to The to this the Stop searching then Stop searching (The to appear.) More copied. this OK the Product follow the instructions to At the or You the Click Stop searching
Thursday, PM Double-click EPSON and while the to Click OK when with the instructions below to the Wireless and utility. the Wireless and Once the and ready to the Wireless and Double-click the If this You the already the and to Follow the instructions the You selection Select and and Next. You the Wireless Search Follow the instructions the section to and the Wireless
c82WN.book Thursday, PM the Once the software ready to the to the and the turned off. Connecting the the the and to the included with the the of the to the Then with the the other of the to the the and as necessary. Wireless
Thursday, PM the to the the AC Both the and lights and then If the light continuously the If the light EPSON as Press the the to To the the and the and release The If the the If this, the lights to then the and release it immediately to the If the ready to wireless the reference, and the section instructions. If the the ready and of or instructions Then turn off the the and the both the back the and the If the EPSON as Wireless
Thursday, PM the following information the the and and the SSID. If the SSID match from somewhere You this when the NETWORK STATISTICS, indicating that the and If appear, correctly. holding the least seconds to If EPSON as with the following instructions to the the and ready to On the Wireless Search START. the from the and displays information the following: This information appears when the found If to from the the least seconds to The lights then both the and yellow lights The yellow light when to the If to the Wireless This the
Thursday, PM If from than the that matches the MAC the back of the to to the CONFIGURE You the If the Wireless Communication Failed, OK, then CONFIGURE If to this the to and Also, from and such as or information. Click OK the (The or The the wireless You the of the this A. Click OK
Thursday, PM the IP that appears the If the to as below. If other appears the assigned existing through DHCP this as and to If appears the IP and DHCP, that with computer(s) and IP the IP should with The of the and or instructions IP the to If IP manually, the to STATIC If existing WEP the following: Select 64BIT or 128BIT the WEP which of WEP WEP the or the You to four WEP the WEP to security.) To every the the WEP information about WEP the wireless or If the to to WEP and the wireless when the the SSID matches or SSID. If match, IP from another the SSID to match the to
c82WN.book Thursday, PM other and OK might to the to something that easy to or to to the with the instructions the section to the and Completing the the and OK the Wireless Search Click QUIT You the following: Click Wireless
c82WN.book Thursday, PM You the Double-click EPSON Information Follow the on-screen instructions to the information Once the to animated or Reference If to Factory, EPSON Software Factory and follow the instructions the If about QuickTime, and follow the instructions the You If or Direct Utility. (You this option XP or Follow the on-screen instructions to the and Click the to the that WP-Admin, the To from the or Wireless WP-Admin. ready to that the the wireless with the instructions the section. Wireless
c82WN.book Thursday, PM Network The operating and the IP of the and as Then follow the instructions of these If XP or follow the below. If using or to If NT, to Network XP or The of XP and Although this section shows XP, to the as of the following: XP, and Other and Right-click the EPSON C82 then On the You this Select TCP/IP and New You the TCP/IP
Thursday, PM Click Next You this: the or IP the or IP and Next Follow the instructions the to the Click to the then Apply the To the the and If the OK to the If to the following: that the and connected, and turned the to light or flashing, indicating that or or WP-Admin to the or IP clicked Apply ready to instructions, Wireless
Thursday, PM Network or You to the Direct wireless or If already the follow the instructions as below. From the Right-click the EPSON C82 and then Click the to this: Click the You the On the Network selected, then Wireless
Thursday, PM You the Click the to Network then the to and the C82 the IP matches IP Click OK then OK Click Apply the To the the and the to If the then OK to the If to the following: the and connected and both turned the to light or flashing, indicating that or or to selected the clicked Apply ready to instructions, Wireless
Thursday, PM Network NT Microsoft TCP/IP From the Right-click the EPSON C82 and then On the You the Select LPR and New You this: the IP the or of and the the of or that Then OK Click to the Click OK to the Right-click the EPSON C82 the and To the the and If the OK to the Wireless
Thursday, PM If to the following: that the and connected and that both the to light or flashing, indicating that or or to the IP and ready to instructions, Additional Computers You to the EPSON C82WN and and every the wired network that wireless to that wireless interfaces, follow of these wireless to connecting to the through or without If wireless include option, Computer-to-Computer or whatever to without or If there with the and the Follow through If or Direct the EPSON and follow the instructions to the to and follow the of instructions
Thursday, PM Wireless This chapter to the software, the and wireless Once the and the from wireless that the the to that and ready. If existing to that Station operating correctly and to computers. If instructions, the or that with Then follow the instructions these to the and the C82WN software and the
c82WN.book Thursday, PM to the the of to with This immediately the software, to Follow the instructions to the and Then follow the below: that If and Station or connected existing Ethernet Ethernet that both and TCP/IP and to AirPort. To the to or from the the of the If wireless this as SSID (Service instructions the SSID, the the wireless To the or EPSON recommends that the with Station or With AirPort, reliably than If to WEP to to Follow the instructions to and software. Wireless
c82WN.book Thursday, PM If non-AirPort wireless wireless correctly. to connecting through or without If include option, the wireless to Computer-to-Computer or whatever to without or the wireless If there with than the and or wireless If the from with non-AirPort wireless WEP (Wired Privacy) the wireless instructions. the C82WN Software CD-ROM includes the following software: EPSON C82WN You the every that the EPSON C82WN This software and instructions the This the You to Macintosh, and the to EPSON Software Factory This photo and flash. Wireless
c82WN.book Thursday, PM EPSON Information This includes animated and reference The with built-in web-based This from the wireless that browser. You the the To the web-based and the IP information about the web-based utility, the Software OS the CD-ROM Double-click the CD-ROM to the Software OSX then the to the or Passphrase necessary. You the software Click the and then Follow the instructions the to the and Macintosh. the Software OS necessary, then the lnformation Follow the instructions the to EPSON Information Once the to animated or Reference
Thursday, PM If to Factory, Factory and follow the on-screen instructions. with the instructions to the wireless and the Software OS to the CD-ROM Double-click the CD to necessary. Double-click the Software OS then the Double-click the C82WN to the Click You the Click then follow the instructions the to the and Macintosh. Double-click the OS to Double-click the then Product Follow the instructions the to then or Double-click the Information then the Information Follow the instructions the to EPSON Information Once the to animated or Reference If to Factory, the Factory then Factory and follow the on-screen instructions. Wireless
c82WN.book Thursday, PM with the instructions below to the wireless and the EpsonNet Wireless and of the following: If OS X, the Wireless If using OS the Wireless then the You the Click Next the Click Next to the and Follow the instructions the to the and At the You the Wireless Search Follow the instructions the section to and the
Thursday, PM the Once the software ready to the to the and the turned off. Connecting the the the and to the included with the the of the to the Then with the the other of the to the the and as necessary.
Thursday, PM the supply to the the AC Both the and yellow lights and then If the light continuously try the If the light it EPSON as Press the to the To the the and the and release The If the the If this, the lights to then the and release immediately to the If the ready to wireless the reference, and the section instructions. If the the ready and of or Then off the the and the both the back the and the If the EPSON as the following information the the and and the SSID. If the SSID match from somewhere You this when the NETWORK STATISTICS, indicating that the and If appear, correctly. holding the least seconds to If EPSON as
c82WN.book Thursday, PM with the following instructions to the the and ready to On the Search START the from the and displays information the following: This information appears when the found If to from the try holding the seconds to The lights then both the and yellow lights the The yellow light when to the If to the If from than the that matches the MAC the back of the to to the CONFIGURE You the following: Wireless This the Click OK
Thursday, PM If the Wireless Communication Failed, OK. Then CONFIGURE If to this the to and Station or Also, from and such as and information, Click OK the (The or The the wireless You to the below: the of of the the Wireless A. If the to something that easy to or to to the Wireless This to other and OK You the Search Click QUIT Wireless
Thursday, PM Follow the instructions below to the operating the to the OS software, to the to the OS Double-click the Applications OS Double-click the Double-click If this If EPSON C82 already appears the to At the Select EPSON the Directory Services the top of the Then the that appears and appears the wireless instructions, C82 (AT) selected the EPSON shown then Wireless
c82WN.book Thursday, PM that the software, the To WP-Admin, of the following: Double-click the created the the Applications Then the Selecting the OS to software, to the the Chooser. the Chooser from the Apple Click the C82 then the EPSON C82 Turn background active, then the Chooser. ready wireless instructions, that the software, the To WP-Admin, of the following: Double-click the created the the Applications then the Additional Computers Once the wireless to the EPSON C82WN each the each to the wireless as If non-AirPort wireless Follow the to the OS or OS to Follow the to the to the OS X) or the to the the Chooser to OS Wireless
c82WN.book Thursday, PM Wireless This chapter information with and wireless If with or feeding, If to or the head, follow the instructions to the These wireless the as they when the connected directly to If cant follow these to the lights the They know or You information. If the lights Turn off the and the the then and release the the off the information. If the EPSON as If the the the and the as Turn the then the the and release immediately, as The If the the Press the and the and yellow lights the (about seconds). Then the to the If EPSON as If the cant through wireless follow the this chapter to the
Thursday, PM and troubleshooting or wireless WP-Admin, that Javaw.exe found. You the to WP-Admin. Uninstall the software, as then as the instructions or to the If the light the flashes continuously, the following the and to each other and to they located and other that with such as and the the back of the least seconds to the to its factory The and lights when the If already the to to wireless and correctly. the instructions that with the restarting If AirPort, that the or Network Also, that and TCP/IP and Network Finally, that or (If earlier of AirPort, from If using Station, that selected to station. If using or Wireless
Thursday, PM the wireless to connecting through or connecting without wireless the or If WEP wireless the Then WEP the the WEP If allows to to to wireless to (or wireless the If wireless originally to back to when You the Wireless Failed when CONFIGURE the Wireless Search Click OK to the then CONFIGURE the Wireless Search (If from than the first.) If to this the to and Also, the from and other that with such as and microwave malfunctioning. If turned and correctly. the the instructions that with information. Wireless
Thursday, PM You wireless to the and connected, both and the turned If correctly. the instructions wireless strengthat least If the the and to location, from and other that with such as and microwave connecting to the the MAC the back of the the MAC that appears the Wireless Search the lights to there with the You and to the the or the Chooser. the and connected, both and the turned the of the software. the Apple www.apple.com. OS X, active Network If recently OS, the If using the to the Network section of the Utility. Then and the and the If this frequently, EPSON recommends that the with or Station. With AirPort, reliably Wireless
Thursday, PM too the from and other that with such as microwave or Bluetooth and to each other. WEP overhead that affects performance. WEP to increase If the RF If using the To interference from other wireless the vicinity, choose that least higher or than that other wireless another to choose or higher, or Then the the wireless the and computers. On the the Network section of the Utility. Then and the and try the Network performance. another or router performance. other You when to You another network trying to the The light the flashes when transmitted to the the first printed. when reaches the top of the Wireless
Thursday, PM You to WEP that follow the WEP to to Follow these without protection the that to the Follow the to the and WP-Admin, and to establish to the the following selections the Wireless Select 64BIT the WEP the consisting of or of and from to and and F. 62B91F2A98 If Station, the SSID Then the to other that to the and OK the Search QUIT If to the to If Station, the following: Network the to the that the SSID the Wireless Network the that the the and lowercase Then to To the the following:
Thursday, PM prompted, as the the the Wireless This the and lowercase Select as OS X) or OS to each to from the Networks or the that prompted, the that created station) or the Follow the instructions to other computers. Wireless
c82WN.book Thursday, PM Uninstalling the Software You to and then the software this might operating Follow these to the and Direct Print: Click (or Double-click or (or Select and Change/Remove or You the Uninstall Click Uninstall. the Uninstall Complete If EpsonNet Direct Print, the and Then follow the on-screen instructions. OK Then OK when the Follow these to the EPSON C82 On (or Click EPSON (or then EPSON Software Uninstall C82 highlighted, then OK Follow the instructions the to the and If prompted, when Wireless
Thursday, PM OS Follow these to the and the EPSON C82 the Applications Double-click Uninstall The Uninstall Click Uninstall and follow the instructions the the Select and OS to Follow these to the the EpsonNet to the If created WP-Admin, to the Follow these to the EPSON C82 the CD-ROM Double-click the the EPSON (You to the EPSON the automatically.) Double-click the C82WN to the Click the On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall Then the Uninstall the and follow the instructions the finished, Wireless
Thursday, PM Where To If with or the information below. If software with the that software technical information. EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services below: Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. this information ready: Product (EPSON C82WN) (located the back of the (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the You purchase and from EPSON or the EPSON SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please of services hours To these services, tone telephone and EPSON SoundAdvice SM this to the EPSON C82WN SoundAdvice.
PM A: The Wireless includes both that information and that allow to Since of the based existing to these the typical wireless such as the or to or security. If EPSON technical to information such as the and revision. Following of the that the (and its wireless The (where the of the MAC/Ethernet Choose that to the You from to characters this field. that each Wireless that produced. This and Used to to the Wireless The The of characters this field Revision Indicates the of the software the This field
Thursday, PM IP to the TCP/IP The IP of four or from to If to conforms to the and that with the IP other The IP To IP and other information, the following: XP/2000/NT From the the text and OK You DOS At the type and You IP which includes the IP At the type to the DOS From the the and OK You the IP Select wireless from the You IP information, including the IP Click OK to the IP WorkGroup/Domain Used that or this automatically, should to The the or as using the this matches the This the or office. A:
Thursday, PM the to IP AUTO to IP through DHCP, BOOTP, and RARP. If to IP automatically, the IP this AUTO assign the IP manually. (without DHCP), the to STATIC Gateway (or Router) this only the that RF the that the to the the RF This match If that too to performance the RF computer(s) and To interference from other choose least three higher or than that wireless another network to choose or higher, or or lower). Then to the MAC the Ethernet of the The MAC Access and You the the back of the Rate Indicates the throughput of the wireless Ethernet or The to the highest A:
Thursday, PM SSID that wireless to the Macintosh. the WP-Admin, the SSID (Service the wireless The SSID match the them to The of characters that this Wireless wireless to with the this automatically, based the wireless software. To to the wireless (or its wireless as the Used when the wireless with the through or station. Used when the wireless with the directly, without using or station. Ad-Hoc Used testing. Dont this wireless software or the Wireless factory with each of the other turn. This the to other wireless IP SSID, If to wireless the the back of the least seconds to to its factory (including This the to the the WEP or WEP (Wired Privacy), which of security To and the WEP the wireless or information about WEP. If A:
Thursday, PM WEP Index choose four WEP or WEP. about WEP, the wireless or WEP the WEP key(s) To the to the WEP the wireless or information about WEP. A:
c82WN.book Thursday, PM A:
Thursday, PM B: Specifications and Notices Specifications (IEEE-1284) factory only) 4/2000/XP NetWare through with NDS) OS through OS X. Width: inches Depth: inches Height: inches VDC Supply: VAC Wireless Communication Rates: ISM to or Wired Privacy: with AWGN, 8E-2 PER): TCP/IP or TCP IPP IPX/SPX Direct IPX/IP WP-Admin: easy from or NetWare and advanced TELNET or NetWare NetWare PCONSOLE, PRINTCON, PRINTDEF, NWADMIN Network (SNMP) MIB and II; IP or IPX NetWare or TCP/IP TFTP, or BOOTP); downloaded and factory switch
Thursday, PM Inc. Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the first purchaser that the EPSON and included (the Product) covered this warranty purchased and the United States or to the and free from workmanship and of year from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service the warranty its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight You securely the and it to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service The and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The exchanged or or refurbished to the of quality. of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers only the United States and This warranty and apply to products purchased from This warranty to the EPSON caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the EPSON its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR B: Specifications and Notices SM
c82WN.book Thursday, PM PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to Inc. P.O. CA B: Specifications and Notices
Thursday, PM This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician The radiated of the below the FCC Nevertheless, the such that the operation The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 B: Specifications and Notices FCC United States WARNING