EPSON English C
EPSON Cartridge C83202* RI
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its affiliates to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the US) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. The Cartridge based of Corporation. Macintosh, and of Apple Computer, Inc. ITC ITC ITC Chancery, ITC of International Typeface Corporation. and Century Schoolbook of Corporation. Helvetica Narrow, and and New Century Schoolbook of Linotype AG and/or its related and MultiGray of of Inc. Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright PhonixPage PS2 Copyright COMPUTER:applications,Inc., Copyright Right Copyright Corporation
The the to to the Apple with This with the following high performance features, with of You easily art, graphics, and With this as Apple iJ Pitch Dutch ITC ITC Narrow, Century Century Calligraphic ITC Chancery Italic, ITC and quality, reliability, and ease of operation. This to It the information to the with these together. Introduction
interface using optional LocalTalk interface C82312*, with (If built-in interface, instead.) the interface this the the interface. This the EPL4000/4100/4200, EPL-7000, or EPL-8000/8100 Also, this with other the Please whether this with than those this This the optional CARD (C82609*) memory this than 1.5MB of memory. this memory should to without memory. If to than assign least 1.5MB of memory to the the recommended increase memory that amounts of such as graphics or Introduction
You the to than than 3.OMB of memory. memory the canceled. If this memory Applications NOT Applications below Introduction
the This chapter to the software this software, the to the instructions You this software using the included the with the This the and to the To the software, the following: 2MB of RAM the or the or If this these corrupted. the
and The types; and The characteristics of each below. The which This choice recommended of the users. At the of this installation, the to to the to the and the drastically Follow the below to the with Turn If when the turned the the (Installation) The automatically. the the The following appears the
Click OK. The then shows the below: This based the and HD-SCSI The the and the items below Click to the to Screen Fonts PPD the EPSON printers. easy Click to the Screen the HD-SCSI EPSON the
the of the would to the shown below the the (where HD-SCSI appears the Click Switch Then of other displayed. Click the Click to the easy installation. The copying the automatically. the from to when the instructs to copying the the following shows Click You finished copying from the the If the correct, to You to the as the the active HD-SCSI You to software.
If the already the following appears Click to the this To the follow the instructions the chapter, Macintosh. You the from the using this If correctly this installation, the to the necessary and to the as the the Installation. Follow the that section first. From follow the below: Click to the The displayed. HD-SCSI If finished, to the If to installations, the
Click the items to select; Shift-click to items. You to the clicking Click the item(s) would to Selected items displayed and the information shown. the as follows: Click the items to select; Shift-click to items. the
You items the or clicking the item while the Product information shown when item only. the items, The copying the automatically. If the eventually appears to the the from to Fonts as instructed the copying the The following the as the previous section. Follow from that section to You to the as the the
Chapter To to using Chooser. choose the connecting or of the the to distinguish from the other this follow the the the section. Chooser to Selecting Press the Apple and Then to Chooser. The Chooser displays. @Active
Click the displayed the the right of the Click OK to the If other or they displayed the Background You the background that allows to with other while the background. To this the On to Click Chooser. The then displays that to Click OK to the to the software to match the and Click Chooser. Click the connected to the If connected to only this Click to Click the Selected PPD Then the to the selected displayed correctly the Selected PPD
Select the The following displayed. the and OK. The of each option below. The reflected the displayed the of the The following sections the You this option. You choose the option. this matches the You from these The PPD Usually A4 or selected. The the PPD or A4, A5, B5, GovernmentLegal, F4, DL, C5 ActionLaser S~byD~Q C [About)
You the of the the To the the The the or You reduce or from to the of the would to reduce or The You or of of Each reduced and the selected of choose UP every four of You UP UP UP or The Click this to the and the and the to their this About You the information about this clicking this To the About anywhere the Click this to the the You the the of the To the the right of the
You the advanced this option. This option includes four and each items. The items below. Encoding, Encoding Effects Grays, Precision You the this The following when the Effects the The Other options and The to the This displays the and of the If First or selected, the the first or of the The The other option ASCII. This option when the as to You reduce the of the selecting the option. If to the as ASCII You the and the top of each this option. To this the This as the
Invert Colors) These options allow to the the To these the this clicked, invert the and white (or of graphic and white, or and white to of The these to the as that the them its graphics the as These to the as and therefore quality. This option the to to the as the of each matched to the This item PPD appears the PPD and white and Colors appears PPD that Precision
Precision Normally, the the You the around the this You the the graphic the On computers, inch). and of This might the transformation of to Click this to the of The of the though the reduced about from the You the using this You the following the Fonts Convert to Include
You should with to Fonts Include the of to to the Fonts the found the PPD and those from the Fonts to the PPD Click this to with downloading the from than when using that the drastically from the The Convert to The other option as The Other options and Click this to the selected the to the Click this to the selected the
You this The Off/light/Medium/Heavy The only. This other that Click this to the the Fonts to the PPD the the and to the previous Click this to the and the and the to their this Click this to the the You the the of the To the the right of the to the to Off/Light/Medium/Heavy.
You the this If the MultiGray this option to MultiGray. The option the to the as the The the If the only and other connected to to the or connected to should the to distinguish from others. To the the to the below. the Utility. If the the easy to the
The following displayed. shown the the Click Click the right of the The following appears: Near Not their immediately. You to or the off and clicking the the to the Actionlaser Rbout
Click OK. Click the The of the the software, the following appears: II As: To: Section This includes the following items: As, To, from, Print, About EpsonScritbtBrier ActionLasrr @I B/W @I @I To: TeHt IJ S+= RII To: Temporary from. Selection To
To from to to of The You specify the of to The the You the the boxes and The the from to You the from B/W, or The B/W. B/W Prints the and white, the the Prints the using which of the the This option appears the PPD the Prints the This option appears the PPD You whether the to or the as The If the to Clicking this as The following then appears:
where to the the and the the You the and buttons to the Next, the the Then would to the below the To: The that they clicking the or the and to the previous There four The The other option Only. The Convert to The other option as Include The Other options and As: Include Encoding: =HD-SCSI Compatible Convert to [I
The The other option ASCII. The Temporary. Other options and This The the that the the the Temporary The the the to the The whether the to or Preparation the should The the The that the already prepared. The the when to this option to the first and to following CI If the this option to
from The Other options USE SelecTypes PAGESIZE, and Optional You choose the of this menu.The option the that selected the The Custom option allows to from such as Sheet from the sheet from lower. To this first the The Other options USE SelecTypes PAGESIZE, and Optional OU the the cover of The following the cover from the selected the from Click this to This operates the as as the Option the this chapter. Click this to the and the canceled, and the to their this About You the information about this clicking this To the About anywhere the
Fonts Click this to the the You the the of the To the the right of the written the from and the might This this that from
Chapter the This chapter about the Utility. This the to of and The installation. If this the to this to the Chapter Turn Utility. The searches the The following then displayed. This with other printer(s). features to from such as RAM and the of this the
The shows the and connected through Click the that would to change. If connected to with the connected to the Then connected to the selected then displayed the choose the the the buttons the Font and to the sections this section the To the the of the the brmation
Functions This section functions the The items displayed the the of this information and following this section. Printers/AppleTalk the of this first should choose the from the Click the of the that to change. This displays the or connected to If connected to another Click the of the Then should to the If the NO Click this to the bidirectional and If this clicked, information or Also, from the the
Click this to the and this when that might when the utility, connected Information Fonts or Info, information displayed this Info Click this to the information displayed the Information This information displayed this clicked. Font Font three buttons. They Download, and You the or to the selected these buttons. to the section of this chapter, Font four buttons. They Info, and You the information, directly to and other the
to the section, to the Font section. bout You information about this clicking this To the the Font This includes the following three buttons: Fonts Click this to of the the selected Both of the and the Information Download Click this to software from to the selected Fonts the with the selected Downloads software from Download to the selected the the (such as SCSI the
You to reduce this includes the each and them finishes. The this as they turned off or the You the following the Download the You software from to following the below. each item following these the using and Click Download. While the information from the appears. Then the shown the previous section appears. the Font Downloading o o HD-SCSI o HD-SCSI [XI Convert to
Click the that the the the of the If the displayed, choose the using Path and buttons. Click (or the previous to the the the the of the Select the the would to Click The selected or then appear the Font the right of the each item the following Font Click to downloading. Click the to the The the the of this that shows the the directory. You the directory POPUP Path the and the of the The the the of this that shows the the If chosen the Path the The Font the the right of the that shows the selected the to to the the
Path The directory the Path the You the directory this holding the the and the that appears below. The includes the following items, the following directory Directory that directory Directory that directory that the The shows the to which to the memory only, this displays Memory the the selected another (such as to holding the the and the that appears below. You the to Memory or other the clicking this If there this Click this to the to and the of the
(button) You the directory to the the using this button. To the directory, follow the below: Click the the to as the directory. Click the The directory then to that and and/or updated. The when the selected. You the directory to the the clicks the would to the from the Font to this the the Font You should the This the the Font Click this to the the You the clicking Click this to the the Font this the
Convert to Click this to the selected to the Click this to the the Font to the the the and to the You as built-in ROM Fonts The The the of the the The You the or the the selected Fonts To The the right of the the This displays the selected to from the selected Click this to the selected the The to the To the the the of the this If to the
The when selected the Fonts The Click this to the the that the selected to to them the The when the To You and the clicking this The to without Fonts Click this to the to This shows the selected the Font The Also, type the to this instead of selecting the from the You the information, directly to the the and other functions using this the
info To information about the selected the this You the following features of the The Info when selected the the Product The of the the of its ROM displayed. that this might from the the Revision: The of the software (and displayed. If the displayed indecipherable. This item displays the or of the If the or Unknown, the or of This displays the or of the
memory This the amount of memory the and downloading to the The bytes. Memory The amount of memory already and other the This item displays of the the the and them the finished. This to the of the The that the of that printed: This item displays the of the manufactured. If the counter reaches its the counter to and counting. Enabled: This item displays the of the of the The to the when the turned Enabled: The function Disabled: The function Unknown: The function the selected the
You and to the directly this without or DTP software. this the following appears: Applications To follow the below. Select the the Path the top of the and the Also, the and buttons to the the If or other such the might or information. This they with interface t=HD-SCSI HD-SCSI
If or the and other or connected to to the or printer(s) connected to should the to distinguish from other printer(s). To the follow the below. Click the right of the The following appears: The the TEXT If that or printed. The there computer's Click to the selected to the Click to the and to the
Not their immediately. You to or the off and clicking the the to the or Click OK. Click the You commands to the the the or and commands this the the following appears: the New *VIctianLaser DOW:
You the clicking the or the clicking or To commands, follow the below: type the the text to Click the to the to the to Click the command the Select to Click the Text Then the selected command to the and the of the the You ASCII characters using this to The this You using the and the using the From the
text to To first the this You the this then them to the Select to the To You the already the to To first the Select to The then appears the to To Click this to the the text to The the text to From You the using this To the first the Select to The then appears the to Text Click the Text to the selected the Select to to the Then the of the the You ASCII characters this the
Click this to the that this function completely the as the The or restarted this function, the re-initialized. The that shows the when the turned You the this Click the to Click the to Click the to the and to the If the to the whether to to text and and buttons appear. Click or to to the or to the the
EPSON Printed