C84WN EPSON Follow these instructions advanced user and wireless or Station. This includes wired that wireless instructions, and Unpack and the everything of the and software CD-ROM supply the and and around the The Dont this this the the the back of the the to the then Press the the light the the and the cover. the of or Then the from the (Dont them the the cover. each its and clicks Dont the or the cover. Press the and the cover. while the charges. Dont turn off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the right of the then the the To the first off. Then the as and release the to back The If the the chapter the Software Follow the instructions below to the software wireless or Station. If and the wireless to and WEP instructions, the wireless software CD-ROM. Double-click EPSON C84WN and follow the instructions the this searching Then follow the instructions the to and The Stop searching or to appear. Double-click EPSON Network Follow the on-screen instructions. Double-click EPSON and (EPIC) and follow the on-screen instructions. Optionally, EPSON Software Factory and follow the instructions the to this photo Double-click EPSON C84WN and follow the on-screen instructions to when Double-click If this Cartridge cover You the already the and to Follow the instructions the this and selected, then Next You the Wireless Search with the instructions section the Dont this arrow the following: that and that both and TCP/IP Select to Station or to that WEP wireless or software CD-ROM. OS X: Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM to then the EPSON OS OS to Double-click the EPSON OS Double-click EPSON C84WN If OS X, necessary. Follow the instructions the screen to the and Macintosh. of the following: OS X: Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM to then the EPSON OS OS to Double-click the EPSON OS Double-click and (EPIC) and follow the on-screen instructions. Optionally, EPSON Software Factory and follow the instructions the to this Double-click EPSON C84WN and follow the on-screen instructions to when Double-click Wireless You the Click Next the Click Next to the and Follow the instructions the to the wireless At the You the Wireless Search with the instructions section the the the the and firmly. It should Turn off the Then the to the and the supply to the and the AC Both the and lights and then Turn the To the the and release The If the or that or received, the the back of this Turn
EPSON Follow these instructions advanced user and Station. This includes wired wireless or that wireless instructions, and Unpack and the everything of the supply the and and around the The the the the back of the the to the then Press the the light the the and the cover. the of or Then the from the (Dont them the C84WN the cover. Cartridge cover each its and clicks Dont the or the cover. Press the and the cover. while the charges. Dont off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the right of the then the the and To the first turn off. Then the as and release the to back The software CD-ROM If the the chapter the Software Follow the instructions below to the software wireless or Station. If and Dont this this the wireless to and WEP instructions, the wireless software CD-ROM. Double-click EPSON C84WN and follow the instructions the this Stop searching Then follow the instructions the to and The Stop searching or to appear. Double-click EPSON Network Follow the on-screen instructions. Double-click EPSON and (EPIC) and follow the on-screen instructions. Optionally, EPSON Software Factory and follow the instructions the to this Double-click EPSON C84WN and follow the on-screen instructions to when Double-click EpsonNet Wireless If this You the already the and to Follow the instructions the this and selected, then Next You the Wireless Search with the instructions section the Dont this arrow the following: that and that both and TCP/IP to Station or to that WEP wireless or software CD-ROM. OS X: Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM to then the EPSON OS OS to Double-click the EPSON OS Double-click EPSON C84WN If OS X, necessary. Follow the instructions the to the and of the following: OS X: Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM to then the EPSON OS OS to Double-click the EPSON OS Double-click and (EPIC) and follow the on-screen instructions. Optionally, EPSON Software Factory and follow the instructions the to this Double-click EPSON C84WN and follow the on-screen instructions to when Double-click You the Click Next the Click Next to the and Follow the instructions the to the wireless At the You the Wireless Search with the instructions section the the the the and It should Turn off the Then the to the and the to the and the AC Both the and lights and then Turn the To the the and release The If the or that transmitted or received, the the back of this Turn
C84WN the cover. each its and clicks Dont the or the cover. Press the and the cover. while the charges. Dont off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the right of the then the the and To the first off. Then the as and release the to back The software CD-ROM If the the chapter the Software Follow the instructions below to the software wireless or Station. If and this the wireless to and WEP instructions, the wireless software CD-ROM. EPSON Double-click C84WN and follow the instructions the Stop this Then follow the instructions searching the to and searching The or to appear. EPSON Network Double-click Follow the on-screen instructions. EPSON and (EPIC) Double-click and follow the on-screen instructions. EPSON Software Factory Optionally, and follow the instructions the to this and follow the EPSON C84WN Double-click instructions to when Wireless Double-click EPSON Follow these instructions advanced and Station. This includes wired wireless or that wireless instructions, and Unpack and the everything of the supply the and and around the The carefully. Dont this the the the back of the the to the then Press the the light the the and the cover. the of or Then the from the (Dont them the If this Cartridge cover You the already the and to Follow the instructions the this and selected, then Next You the Wireless Search with the instructions section the Dont this arrow the following: that and that both and TCP/IP Select to Station or to that WEP wireless or software CD-ROM. OS X: Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM to then the EPSON OS OS to Double-click the EPSON OS Double-click EPSON C84WN If OS X, necessary. Follow the instructions the to the and of the following: OS X: Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM to then the EPSON OS OS to Double-click the EPSON OS Double-click and (EPIC) and follow the on-screen instructions. Optionally, EPSON Software Factory and follow the instructions the to this Double-click EPSON C84WN and follow the on-screen instructions to when Double-click You the Click Next the Click Next to the and Follow the instructions the to the wireless At the You the Search with the instructions section the the the the and firmly. It should Turn off the Then the to the and the supply to the and the AC Both the and lights and then Turn the To the the and release The If the or that or received, the the back of this Turn
If this Cartridge cover You the already the and to Follow the instructions the this selected, and Next then You the Search with the instructions section the Dont this arrow the following: that and that both and TCP/IP Select to Station or to that WEP wireless or software CD-ROM. CD-ROM to EPSON Double-click the OS X: EPSON OS then the EPSON OS Double-click the OS to EPSON Double-click C84WN If OS X, necessary. Follow the instructions the to the and Macintosh. of the following: CD-ROM to then EPSON Double-click the OS X: EPSON OS the EPSON OS Double-click the OS to and (EPIC) Double-click and follow the on-screen instructions. EPSON Software Factory Optionally, and follow the instructions the to this and follow the EPSON C84WN Double-click on-screen instructions to when Double-click You the Next Click the cover. each its and clicks Dont the or the cover. Press the and the cover. while the charges. Dont off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the right of the then the the To the first off. Then the as and release the to turn back The If the the chapter the Software Follow the instructions below to the software wireless or Station. If and this the wireless to and WEP instructions, the wireless software CD-ROM. EPSON Double-click C84WN and follow the instructions the this Then follow the instructions searching the to and Stop searching The or to appear. EPSON Network Double-click Follow the on-screen instructions. EPSON and (EPIC) Double-click and follow the on-screen instructions. EPSON Software Factory Optionally, and follow the instructions the to this and follow the EPSON C84WN Double-click on-screen instructions to when Wireless Double-click C84WN EPSON Follow these instructions and Station. This includes wired wireless or AirPort that wireless instructions, and Unpack and the everything of the and software CD-ROM supply the and and around the The Dont this the the the back of the the to the then Press the the light the the and the cover. the of or Then the from the (Dont them the the Click Next to the and Follow the instructions the to the wireless At the You the Wireless Search with the instructions section the the the the and firmly. It should Turn off the Then the to the and the supply to the and the AC Both the and yellow lights and then Turn the To the the and release The If the or that transmitted or received, the the back of this Turn
the the the Wireless Search Click START You information this: Appears when the found Indicates It to the information to appear. If from the the and to each other and to the If that the information the STOP Then CONFIGURE OK You the Wireless of the the Wireless and that easy to that to AUTO the to AUTO to the and Click OK the Wireless Search QUIT of the following: Click the Then with the instructions the section to OS X: the to or Utility. and Congratulations! wireless instructions. OS to Select C84 the Chooser. Congratulations! ready wireless information. Network You to the to each that If necessary, and the or IP of instructions NT, the and XP or of the following: XP: Click and Other and Click Right-click then On the necessary), and Select TCP/IP and New the TCP/IP Next or IP and Next Follow the instructions the to the Click to the then Apply the To the the and If the OK to the If the the Congratulations! ready wireless information. or On the EPSON EpsonNet Direct and follow the instructions to the and Click Right-click then Click the Click Network selected, then Click to the path, then the to Epson_Ipr and Click OK then OK Click Apply the To the the and If the then OK to the If the below. Congratulations! ready wireless information. The the securely or connected to both the and that or received. the the lights to there The the and Search to phone microwave Bluetooth TM or from the them to location, or them to each other. You wireless the Wireless Search to wireless to strengthat least If the the and or together. You to the connected to the the Chooser or You You another when try to trying to the the first when reaches the top of the frequently. of wireless and Where to the AC from the and it Then the seconds to to its factory If EPSON. EPSON Information animations that to and the head. includes with information. To EPSON Information the EPIC or EPSON Info Includes instructions the and and about to wireless Includes specifications, and of the Wireless Press the seconds to On Macintosh, wireless World From the reach EPSON and other and troubleshooting information, and technical through restarting On Macintosh, that and that both and TCP/IP Automated Telephone Services of services hours To these services, tone telephone and EPSON SoundAdvice SM this to the EPSON C84WN SoundAdvice. Confirm the the and or station. If establishing the or station. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON Software and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Inc. Printed USA CPD-17476 that correctly or that the to or OS X) or selected the the Chooser OS to the lights to there with the Also, the the too tightly. smooth, high-quality
the the the Wireless Search You information this: START Click Appears when the found It to the information to appear. If from the the and to each other and to the If that the STOP information the CONFIGURE Then OK You the of the the Wireless and that easy to AUTO that to to AUTO the to and the OK Click the Search QUIT of the following: the Then with Click the instructions the section to the to or Utility. OS X: Congratulations! and instructions. ready wireless the C84 Select OS to Chooser. Congratulations! ready wireless information. Network You to the to each that If necessary, and the or IP of instructions NT, the and XP or of the following: XP: Click and Other and Click Right-click then Indicates On the necessary), and Select TCP/IP and New the TCP/IP Next or IP and Next Follow the instructions the to the Click to the then Apply the To the the and If the OK to the If the the Congratulations! ready wireless information. or On the EPSON Direct and follow the on-screen instructions to the and Click Right-click then Click the Click Network selected, then Click to the path, then the to Epson_Ipr and Click OK then OK Click Apply the To the the and If the then OK to the If the below. Congratulations! ready wireless information. The the securely or connected to both the and that or received. the the lights to there the AC from the and Then the seconds to to its factory If EPSON. The the and Search to microwave Bluetooth TM or from the them to location, or them to each other. Press the seconds to On Macintosh, wireless restarting On that and that both and TCP/IP Confirm the the and or station. If establishing the or station. You wireless the Wireless Search to wireless to strengthat least If the the and or together. You to the connected to the the Chooser or You You another when to trying to the the first when reaches the top of the frequently. of wireless and Where to EPSON Information animations that to and the head. includes with information. To EPSON Information the EPIC or EPSON Info Includes instructions the and and about to wireless Includes specifications, and of the World From the reach EPSON and other and troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services of services hours To these services, tone and EPSON SoundAdvice SM this to the EPSON C84WN SoundAdvice. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON Software and SoundAdvice service of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Inc. Printed USA CPD-17476 that correctly or that the to or OS X) or selected the the Chooser OS to the lights to there with the Also, the the too tightly. smooth, high-quality
Network You to the to each that If necessary, and the or IP of instructions and the NT, XP or of the following: and Click XP: Other and Click Right-click then Indicates On the necessary), and New and TCP/IP Select the TCP/IP Next Next or IP and Follow the instructions the to the to the then Click Apply the and To the the to the OK If the If the the Congratulations! ready wireless information. or On the EPSON and follow the on-screen instructions Direct to the and Click Click the Right-click then Click the the the Wireless Search You information this: START Click Appears when the found It to the information to appear. If from the the and to each other and to the If that the STOP information the CONFIGURE Then OK You the Wireless of the the Wireless and that easy to AUTO that to to AUTO the to and the OK Click QUIT the Wireless Search of the following: the Then with Click the instructions the section to the to or Utility. OS X: Congratulations! and instructions. ready wireless the C84 Select OS to Chooser. Congratulations! ready wireless information. Network selected, then Click to the path, then the to Epson_Ipr and Click OK then OK Click Apply the To the the and If the then OK to the If the below. Congratulations! ready wireless information. The the securely or connected to both the and that or received. the the lights to there the AC from the and Then the seconds to to its factory If EPSON. The Wireless the and Search to near Bluetooth TM or from the them to location, or them to each other. button Press the seconds to On Macintosh, wireless restarting On that and that both and TCP/IP Confirm the the and or station. If establishing the or station. You wireless the Wireless Search to wireless to strengthat least If the the and or together. that network correctly or that the to or OS X) or selected the the Chooser OS to the lights to there with the You to the connected to the the Chooser or You You another when to trying to the the first when reaches the top of the frequently. sheets of Also, the the too tightly. smooth, high-quality wireless and Where to EPSON Information animations that to and the head. includes with information. To EPSON Information the EPIC or EPSON Info Includes instructions the and basic and about to wireless Includes specifications, and of the Wireless World From the reach EPSON and other and troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services of services hours To these services, tone telephone and EPSON SoundAdvice SM this to the EPSON C84WN SoundAdvice. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON Software and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Inc. Printed USA CPD-17476
selected, then Network to Click to the path, then the and Epson_Ipr the Apply Click OK then OK Click and To the the to the OK then If the If the below. Congratulations! ready wireless information. The the securely or connected to both the and that transmitted or received. the the lights to there The Wireless the and Search to phone or TM Bluetooth from the them to location, or them to each other. Network You to the to each that If necessary, and the or IP of instructions and the NT, XP or of the following: and Click XP: Other and Click Right-click then Indicates On the necessary), and New and TCP/IP Select Next the TCP/IP Next or IP and Follow the instructions the to the Apply to the then Click the and To the the to the OK If the If the the Congratulations! ready wireless information. or On the EPSON and follow the on-screen instructions EpsonNet Direct to the and Click Click the Right-click then Click the the the Wireless Search You information this: START Click Appears when the found It to the information to appear. If from the the and to each other and to the If that try the information the STOP CONFIGURE Then OK You the Wireless of the the Wireless and that easy to AUTO that to AUTO the to to and the OK Click the Search QUIT of the following: the Then with Click the instructions the section to the to or Utility. OS X: Congratulations! and ready wireless instructions. C84 OS to the Chooser. Congratulations! ready wireless information. You wireless the Search to wireless to strengthat least If the try the and or together. that correctly or that the to or OS X) or selected the the Chooser OS to the lights to there with the You to the connected to the the Chooser or You You another when to trying to the the first when reaches the top of the frequently. sheets of Also, the the too tightly. smooth, high-quality wireless and Where to the AC from the and it Then the seconds to to its factory If EPSON. EPSON Information animations that to and clean the head. includes with information. To EPSON Information the EPIC or EPSON Info Includes instructions the and and about to wireless Includes specifications, and of the Wireless Press the seconds to On Macintosh, wireless World From the reach EPSON and other and troubleshooting information, and technical through restarting On that and that both and TCP/IP Automated Telephone Services of services hours To these services, tone telephone and EPSON SoundAdvice SM this to the EPSON C84WN SoundAdvice. Confirm the the and or station. If establishing the or station. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON Software and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those America, Inc. Printed USA CPD-17476