Press the bouton Press the they click. the 1-F C 1-F 1-F 1-F the CD-ROM. the that appears and If this the CD-ROM saffiche first option the connected to through saffiche, option, the Turn On the the then them. the the each the the the back. Dont off the while the light flashing or software with 98SE, XP, and OS and 98SE, XP OS the turned NOT CONNECTED to NEST PAS CONNECTE If this, and the USB or You cant software that saffiche, USB If as the back of this the tout the cover. the cover. Press the to charge Charging about bouton charger Software the right and the Please these instructions the instructions Unpack C88+ the and the cover. Cartridges the cover. clicks senclenche. the and to the
bouton Press the Press the they click. the 1-F C 1-F 1-F 1-F the CD-ROM. Read the that appears and If this the CD-ROM click saffiche first option the connected to through saffiche, option, Turn On the the the then them. the the each the the the back. Dont off the while the light flashing or software with 98SE, XP, and OS and 98SE, XP OS the turned NOT CONNECTED to NEST PAS CONNECTE If this, and the USB or You cant software that saffiche, USB If as the back of this the tout the cover. the cover. Press the to Charging about bouton Software the right and the C88+ Unpack Please these instructions the instructions the and the cover. Cartridges the cover. clicks senclenche. the and to the
Press the they click. bouton Press the the 1-F C 1-F 1-F 1-F the CD-ROM. the that appears and If this the CD-ROM saffiche first option the connected to through saffiche, option, the then them. the the each Turn On the the the the the back. Dont off the while the light flashing or and OS and 98SE, XP OS the turned NOT CONNECTED to NEST PAS CONNECTE If this, and the USB or You cant software that saffiche, USB the cover. If as the back of this the tout the cover. Press the to charge Charging about bouton charger Software the right and the software with 98SE, XP, Cartridges the and the cover. C88+ Unpack Please these instructions the instructions the cover. clicks senclenche. the and to the
bouton Press the C 1-F 1-F 1-F 1-F the Press the they click. the CD-ROM. the that appears and If this the first option the to through CD-ROM saffiche saffiche, option, Turn On the the light flashing Dont off the while the or the the the back. the then them. the the each software with 98SE, XP, and OS and 98SE, XP OS the turned NOT CONNECTED to NEST PAS CONNECTE If this, and the USB or You cant software that saffiche, USB Unpack If as the back of this the tout bouton charger the cover. Press the to charge Charging about the cover. Software the right and the C88+ Please these instructions the instructions senclenche. the cover. clicks Cartridges the and the cover. the and to the
the CD-ROM necessary) and the that appears and Click and CD-ROM the CD-ROM saffiche follow the on-screen instructions. Software instructions saffichent. The installation. The first the charge its If the the light head about the light flashing off the or charge improperly and the charger flashing off the If the light flashing when turn back as Software Technical ArcSoft PhotoImpression ArcSoft MC To to technical (U.S.), AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through www.arcsoft.com www.arcsoft.com 1-F C 1-F 1-F 1-F and of Corporation. DURABrite and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Corporation. DURABrite SoundAdvice service America, Inc. tous America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX CPD-21493 Follow the instructions to the CD and ready to the or on-screen the CD-ROM. the The appears. saffiche. saffichent CD-ROM At this EPSON USB Click or the Utility. ready to the or on-screen the top and C88 below. EPSON USB C88 On-screen with software Technical the Double-click the shortcut easy to C88+ information. Select or when software. Select to You and and troubleshooting or with Heavyweight Light- and and graphics. If about Click Next to software and saffiche software. You this saffiche the CD and Access or the Follow on-screen instructions to the C88+ CD-ROM Applications Applications saffichent C88+. and the software as or on-screen troubleshooting information. USB this Heavyweight with high photographs of with or photographies, bordures, foule Bright White Ultra-smooth white T060120 Black T060220 T060320 T060420 this the USB USB or saffiche, USB software and the Follow the on-screen instructions to the USB USB The appears. saffiche. saffichent USB USB The and lights flashing. The light nothing the USB or connected securely both the completely and the completely. the You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca (800-GO-EPSON). www.epson.ca achats and Achat
CD-ROM CD-ROM saffiche instructions saffichent. the CD-ROM necessary) and the Read the that appears and Click and follow the on-screen instructions. Software The The first the charge its head about the light flashing turn off the or improperly and the If the the light flashing off the If the light flashing when it back as charger Software Technical ArcSoft www.arcsoft.com ArcSoft MC www.arcsoft.com To to technical (U.S.), AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through 1-F C 1-F 1-F 1-F and of Corporation. DURABrite and SoundAdvice service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Corporation. DURABrite SoundAdvice service Inc. tous America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX CPD-21493 saffiche. saffichent CD-ROM software and the The appears. Follow the on-screen instructions to the CD and to the or on-screen the CD-ROM. At this EPSON USB the top and C88 below. Click or the Utility. ready to the or on-screen EPSON USB C88 On-screen On-screen with software Technical the Double-click the shortcut easy to C88+ information. Select or when using software. Select to You and and troubleshooting or with Heavyweight Light- and and graphics. saffiche saffiche If about Click Next to software. You this the CD and Macintosh. Access or the Applications Follow on-screen instructions to the C88+ CD-ROM Applications saffichent C88+. and the software as this or on-screen troubleshooting information. USB Heavyweight with high photographs of with or photographies, bordures, foule Bright White Ultra-smooth white T060120 Black T060220 T060320 T060420 saffiche, USB USB this the USB or software and the The appears. Follow the instructions to the USB USB saffiche. saffichent USB USB The and lights flashing. The light nothing the USB or connected securely both the completely and the cover closed completely. the You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca (800-GO-EPSON). www.epson.ca achats and Achat
head about the light flashing off the or charge improperly and the flashing off the If the light flashing when back as The installation. The first the charge its If the the light CD-ROM the CD-ROM saffiche follow the on-screen instructions. Software instructions saffichent. the CD-ROM necessary) and the that appears and Click and Software Technical To to technical ArcSoft PhotoImpression ArcSoft PhotoImpression MC (U.S.), AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through www.arcsoft.com www.arcsoft.com 1-F C 1-F 1-F 1-F and of Corporation. DURABrite and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those Corporation. DURABrite SoundAdvice service America, Inc. tous Inc. Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX CPD-21493 the top and C88 below. EPSON USB C88 At this EPSON USB Click or the Utility. ready to the or on-screen the The appears. saffiche. saffichent CD-ROM Follow the on-screen instructions to the CD and ready to the or on-screen the CD-ROM. On-screen On-screen with software Technical the Double-click the shortcut easy to C88+ information. Select or when using software. Select to You and and troubleshooting or with Heavyweight Light- and and graphics. CD-ROM Applications Applications saffichent C88+. the CD and Access or the Follow on-screen instructions to the C88+ saffiche software. You this saffiche If about Click Next to software and and the software as or on-screen troubleshooting information. USB this Heavyweight with high photographs of with or bordures, foule Bright White Ultra-smooth white T060120 Black T060220 T060320 T060420 The appears. saffiche. saffichent USB USB additional software and the Follow the on-screen instructions to the USB USB USB or saffiche, USB USB this the The and lights flashing. The light nothing the USB or connected securely both the completely and the cover closed completely. the You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca (800-GO-EPSON). www.epson.ca achats and Achat
CD-ROM the CD-ROM saffiche follow the on-screen instructions. Software instructions saffichent. the CD-ROM necessary) and the that appears and Click and C 1-F 1-F 1-F 1-F (U.S.), AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through www.arcsoft.com www.arcsoft.com To to technical ArcSoft PhotoImpression MC ArcSoft PhotoImpression Software Technical head about the light flashing off the or charge improperly and the charger flashing turn off the If the light flashing when back as The installation. The first the charge its If the the light and of Corporation. and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Corporation. SoundAdvice service America, Inc. tous Inc. Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX CPD-21493 the The appears. saffiche. saffichent CD-ROM Follow the instructions to the CD and ready to the or the CD-ROM. Select to You and and troubleshooting or with the Double-click the shortcut easy to C88+ information. Select or when software. On-screen On-screen with software Technical the top and C88 below. EPSON USB C88 At this EPSON USB Click or the Utility. ready to the or Heavyweight Light- and and graphics. saffiche software. You this saffiche If about Click Next to software and USB this and the software as or on-screen troubleshooting information. CD-ROM Applications Applications saffichent C88+. the CD and Macintosh. Access or the Follow on-screen instructions to the C88+ Heavyweight with high photographs of with or bordures, foule Bright White Ultra-smooth white T060120 Black T060220 T060320 T060420 USB or saffiche, USB USB this the the completely and the cover closed completely. the The and lights flashing. The light nothing the USB or connected securely both The appears. saffiche. saffichent USB USB software and the Follow the on-screen instructions to the USB USB You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca (800-GO-EPSON). www.epson.ca achats and Achat