DR, A5 cover-2 Easter10 Ref. Where to Information This with the information to EPSON STYLUS COLOR and products, from to troubleshooting. If DOS, to information the software, the and the the and users. only) with information and instructions the Windows-based software that when the software.) Chapter information the of and shows to from
Sign-off: rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. title
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Declaration of Conformity SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, Representative: EPSON EUROPE B.V. Address: Prof. J. H. AT The Declares that the Product: Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): February Y. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. According to ISO/IEC and EN Product P930A Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN IEC IEC IEC EN EN Directive 73/23/EEC: EN
DR, A5 Introduction Sign-off: Easter10 Ref. Instructions Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the or or heat the The properly or or cover the the through the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using outlets the as or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. Instructions
DR, A5 Introduction Easter10 the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected with other of to through the following of operating the or the the heads hand; otherwise the of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of Instructions
the or try to them. This the heads. Once the or the to The become otherwise. the immediately from its Leaving the reduce the the the within months of them. this the off the this pressed, the light flashes the or off the to the outlet the the the heads the right) and the The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused DR, A5 Introduction Easter10 Ref. light off. NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. Instructions
DR, A5 Introduction Easter10 Ref. United of options EPSON (UK) LTD or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products EPSON (UK) LTD. information Warning: This earthed. to rating plate and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and yellow Earth If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and yellow connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. Instructions
If to the the or with of the and and Notes to to to Notes information and useful the of DR, A5 Introduction Easter10 Ref. Instructions
DR, A5 Introduction Easter10 Ref. Instructions
Sign-off: Chapter to and Functions with PC with and Products products DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. to
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. and Functions cover to head cleaning head cleaning
Function head cleaning head cleaning Lights The lights the front of the the such as or The following what the lights the then o the the then and the The nearly empty. The empty. o the (S020108). The nearly empty. The empty. o the (S020089). o off, DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. and charging the the and off. Clears the while the Cleans the head about three seconds. the while the light flashing or This located the cover. Cleans the head about three seconds. the while the light flashing or This located the cover. charging or cleaning heads. to to flashing, to
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. with PC To Microsoft Workgroups, NT or DOS; and shielded, twisted-pair To and the software and included the CD-ROM or with the following required: Recommended and NT 16MB RAM 32MB RAM or 20MB 50MB or free VGA VGA or these to or higher NT, or
with To this Apple the following and Apple Peripheral-8 or Applicable (as of July LC II, LC III, LC475, LC520, LC575, LC630 IIvx Recommended or 5MB of memory 10MB of memory when background turned The amount of memory to the and of that To memory choose About This from the Apple and to the memory Unused (1,024K=1MB). The memory These the of the the type of and the complexity of the to DR, A5 Easter10 8MB or of memory 16MB of memory when backgound turned to
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. to these and memory 8MB of to software. To amounting to about the of the to and Products information what options the following section. Interface of optional interfaces to the built-in and interfaces. Chapter If whether optional interface or to know about interfaces, Interface Card C82305 /C82306 32KB Interface Card C82307 /C82308 32KB Interface Card C82310 32KB IEEE-488 Interface Card C82313 Interface Card C82315 Coax Interface Card C82314 Interface Card C82312 Ethernet Interface Card C82357 Interface Card C82345 The the of the which country. to
Interface EPSON of interface You interface that the below. Interface (shielded) C83602 from D-SUB to Amphenol Interface C83603 /C83604 from D-SUB to D-SUB Interface C83605 /C83606 from D-SUB to D-SUB The the of the which country. products Black S020108 S020089 DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. to
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. EPSON specifically high-quality (A4) S041059 S041025 S041060 S041028 Quality (A4) S041061 S041026 Quality S041062 S041029 Quality S041067 S041048 Quality Card (A6) S041054 Quality Card S041121 Quality Card S041122 Quality (A4) S041071 Quality S041072 Quality (A6) S041107 Quality (A4) S041126 Quality S041124 (A4) S041063 S041064 Quality (A4) S041106 (A4) S041140 S041141 S041134 (A6) S041144 S041145 Iron-On Cool (A4) S041154 Iron-On Cool S041153 S041155 The of country. to the of its and cool, to
Sign-off: Chapter Started the Choosing the Attaching the the the Cartridges Connecting the to PC the Software PC or NT Network With With NT Connecting the to the built-in interface optional EPSON interface the Software the software to the the Chooser to the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Started
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the should CD-ROM, which includes the software that and the following items: locations, the attached to the The of the AC country; the included the right location. protective with and the Follow the instructions with the to these and protective to the Started
Choosing the Follow the below when the that than the The properly or the enough to the the interface to reach easily. easy operation and enough the the front of the to the using or the to and from sunlight, light, or heat to shocks and the outlet where the easily French-speaking users: fiche outlets switches or timers. If switches, the switches to them. Also, the as or other that the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Started
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. grounded using the following: that least that the The should Attaching the the the the rear of the as shown below. To to the as Loading Chapter Started
the that the turned off. It off when the slightly from the of the the the back of the to the the matches that of the outlet Also, that the It to the If the rated and outlet match, the cord. If the attached to the to the AC the back of the the properly grounded DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Started
DR, A5 Easter10 the Cartridges Warning: The self-contained ordinary from If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the included as follows: the with the first otherwise the charge properly. the them or the the the front of the then, holding the the cover, the cover. Started
Turn the the The heads slightly to the which the The lights and the the heads hand. the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 light flashes. and Started
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the which with the that with and the necessary. only the yellow from each as shown below. the with the first the otherwise the charge properly. the yellow from the them; otherwise the become the white of the from the top of the otherwise, the become clogged. Started
the the with the and the arrow to the rear. Press the Once the their the the become DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. the from the of the otherwise, Started
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. cleaning to the The the heads to the The which with the Next, the the heads hand. Press the cleaning to them to the installation the the the as and where Then to to the Started appear.
The the heads and charging the the cover then the the the the heads and the charging about seconds the The charging to to which the light flashes and the of mechanical sounds. These the the heads to their off the while the The of the amount of text and black-and-white graphics and the amount and the of Cartridge Chapter DR, A5 Easter10 light flashing. Started
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. ready to the to To the to PC, the following section. To to Connecting the to PC Connecting the to using the built-in interface shielded, twisted-pair To the to Follow the below to the to both the and off. the securely the interface Then the together they both If ground to the ground below the interface the other of the the interface. If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the Started
the section instructions the software. You the software using the Software PC the to the software. It included the Software EPSON STYLUS COLOR CD-ROM shipped with software includes: The With such as Quality, and The Check, Head and Head to top operating The allows to the of on-screen to information and instructions to EPSON only) The EPSON allows to information such as the amount of and If the of the software, of the EPSON software DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Started
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. If to of the software CD-ROM, the creation included the CD. below and NT or or NT Follow the below to the software or NT NT users: or NT and the off. the software CD the CD-ROM users, the A: Click then A:\SETUP and OK If the below appears, Double-click to Double-click to of the software If this appear, the then the CD-ROM (or users). Started
If this appears, If this appear, the You to the to through the to If the below appears, OK to the software installation. the OK the EPSON automatically. You the EPSON clicking the If to the software The selects this as the applications. If to as Network DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Started
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the software, to the README located the EPSON information and the software, With (using Follow these to the software using To the software plug-and-play IEEE bidirectional information. the connected to the Turn off and necessary. Turn the first; then the If the You the New Started
If this appear, and follow the instead. displayed the Then the from of the other buttons. Click OK You the From the software CD shipped with the CD-ROM the country, the CD-ROM of the software. First and clicking OK If appears Proceed to If appears Click OK to to the From D:\ then specify English or Spanish Click OK (If CD-ROM other than D, the If the A:\Win95 and OK (If the other than "A", the At the screen type the the that the as shown. The the to and to the the assign. To this as the applications, the Click DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Started
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. The EPSON automatically. You the clicking the If to the If the OK when the completed. software If with using the software, to the README located the EPSON information and the software, With Chapter Started
Follow these to the software and the the Software CD shipped with the CD-ROM (If the Select the You the the Command type D:\EPSETUP and OK. (If the CD-ROM other than "D", the If the type A:\SETUP and OK (If the other than "A", the to If the below appears, Double-click to DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Started
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Select the EPSON Click OK The copying the software the OK to the The software The selects this as the applications. the software, to the README located the EPSON group. information and the With Chapter Started
Network To to as from the first, and then from the to which the connected the which the With To the To as to the below. the software necessary. Double-click the Double-click the Right-click the of and Click the Then the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Click this to this Then Started
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Click Double-click the of the that directly connected to the Then the of the to the Click OK and follow the the to the Started Click to specify the Select the that connected to the Select the
With NT To the NT To as to the below. the software necessary. Click to and Double-click the Click the Network button. Click Next Select the where this or the to the to with the DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Started
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. If the following appears, OK and to the If this appear, and ready to the information to Click the software CD or the the English of the CD-ROM, type D:\WINNT40 and OK the CD-ROM, type D:\ followed English, or Spanish Then type \WINNT40 and OK (If the CD other than "D", the If the of the software, type A:\WINNT40 and OK (If the FD other than "A", the Started Click
Select the below and follow the instructions. NT If correctly as the following the the NT software as Click and and Right-click the of and Select other than LPT1 the From the DOS type the to type the following: Then the If selected other than this the You should the of and the of the as the If to this follow the instructions and type DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Select Started
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Connecting the to There to the to Macintosh, the built-in interface or optional interface the built-in interface To the built-in interface, Apple the following to the to Macintosh. both and switched off. of the interface to the the back of the the other of the interface to the or the The with the following Started
Turn the the Turn Macintosh. the instructions the software. You the software optional EPSON interface optional LocalTalk or Ethernet interface To the LocalTalk Interface Card (C82312 LocalTalk Connector (DIN-8 to the interface the and to the the Macintosh. Then the the boxes. the that with the To the Ethernet Interface Card (C82357 the that with the information. information these interface the Chapter Optional Interfaces. The the the which country. DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Started
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software the EPSON STYLUS COLOR software when with This software specially to allow easy to the of the Turn off protection software. software includes: EPSON SC850 The software that the interface. SC850(AT) The software that the EPSON and background You turn background the Chooser to this information, Background of the of and when You from the the software. information, EPSON Started
the heads You this from the the software. information, EPSON Head Cleaning Cleans the heads to the You this from the the software. information, EPSON Chapter and "Cleaning the Heads" Head the heads that and You this from the the software. information, EPSON Chapter and the Heads" Assigns to the that To ColorSync and Profiles Matches the with the automatically. this when photographs or graphics. To this to the Access the ColorSync Profile through the and the Profile Select from the of that appears, and then Select the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Started
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 the software Follow the below to software. If using the of the EPSON software Turn and the software CD the CD-ROM (If the The EPSON software automatically. If appears, the If containing appear, the then the and the the appears, The following appears. If to of the software included software CD-ROM, the Location shows the and Started
If Cusom from the and the directly to Macintoshs or Network and the to Confirm the then information the included software, Click the to information each appears informing that finished, to the and If to the optional Interface Card (C82312 or Ethernet Interface Card (C82357 to to the EPSON as below. If using interface, to the Chooser to to the the following to assign Double-click the It located installed. If the software CD-ROM CD-ROM and the from there. (If the and the from there.) Click the SC850(AT) the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Started
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. If there the where the located. New You should assign that clearly distinguishes from others the Click and then to the EPSON the Chooser to the software, to the Chooser to You to choose the the first or whenever to switch to another the selected. If the interface, choose as the following section, the interface If connected to the If or to choose Compatible the Switch selecting from the Chooser. To the Switch choose from the Apple then choose Switch Started
the interface the connected to and turned Choose Chooser from the Apple Then and the connected to. If the the arrows the right to through the icons. Click If appear when the this the other that or Inactive then the If Mactintosh CPU, Inactive whenever with Click the Background buttons to background or off. DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Click the connected to Started
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. background while You background to the EPSON to information, Background the Chooser. Started
the Turn Choose Chooser from the Apple Click If the the the right to through the Select the to of the connected to the selected appears the right. Click the assigned to EPSON STYLUS COLOR Click the Background buttons to background or off. background while You background to the EPSON to information, Background the Chooser. DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Started
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Started
Sign-off: Chapter to Loading With With DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Starting to
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Loading The following to the You or cards, and such To to the as Chapter the the front of the and the to
the to the as as If the of then to the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Starting to
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. the of with the and the right of the resting the right of the the first. first with the or top first. the the of the the fits both the and arrow as shown below. Starting to
With To with right follow the below, which typical of The the While the with the the to the From the to Click the The (or appears. selected and then or You to than of these buttons boxes. The software appears. DR, A5 Easter10 Starting to
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Click the necessary, and the option to selected, the software other to the and Click anywhere the and the the If the the arrow the right to through the the information. the choose, appears the that choose Quality or Select Quality when than as the includes Select Black or to as of Click the The appears. Starting to
Select the of the the from the If the the arrow the right to through the If included the and the the that appears. information the option, the The of shown the to the Click OK the of the You to the (or Click OK or to You to than of these buttons boxes. and users While the EPSON or the EPSON appears, showing the and the of "Checking Chapter and DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Starting to
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. With To right follow the below, which typical of The the While the with the the to the From the to Choose from the This the shown below. Select the the from the or Select Landscape as the option. the OK to the You from the You from the to
Choose from the This the shown below. the option to selected, the software other to the and Select the type of the from the the choose, appears the that choose Quality or Select Quality when than Select as the option includes Select Black or to as of Click to DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Starting to
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Starting to
Sign-off: the Software Software Accessing the Software From From or NT From to the the the the the Printout NT only) EPSON EPSON only) Head Cleaning Head only) Checking and EPSON only) Information Through Accessing from Accessing from or NT Accessing from DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Software The software includes and The choose from of to the from The the and top There four of The and to More to the of Custom Printout functions the and and NT To the of the or to Accessing the Software You the and directly from or from and NT or The the should the software from to that the the to about the the Software
From should the software the and Read the following to of to the software. Choose or from the Click or the that appears. (You to of these buttons.) The and and NT only) the The the Click the the top of the to information the and to this chapter. information the From or NT Follow these to the software from Computer. Double-click the Double-click the right-click and NT right-click then DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 The and the The the Click the the top of the to information the and to this chapter. information the From Follow these to the software from Double-click the the group. Double-click the Choose from the Choose You the of the software The and the The the Click the the top of the to information the and to this chapter. information the the Software
to The software the below, and the The and NT users. the selected the the of to the and the the to the the and and which the should the the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the choose the (while selected), appears the that choose Quality or Select Quality when than information about the instructions using the The to the of such as or or Click Advanced the You the the below the Advanced Select the from the to the type of or choose other such as Quality, and automatically. shown the the of the to the and as they affected the select. information the the Software
The the following Text/Graph such as and charts PhotoEnhance PhotoEnhance2 or and NT of ICM ICM This to match DR, A5 Easter10 or EPSON PhotoEnhance and PhotoEnhance2 the and of the to The PhotoEnhance with PhotoEnhance selected increase and the amount of the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the users to their manually. However, the to the or to below. Click Advanced the and then More The More appears: Select the Quality Select the that the the section Choose or Black the option. other or the Quality, and Click OK to apply and to the Click to to the without the Software
To the The Custom appears: the and the appear the the Advanced the You To the the the Custom and then You the If the or when of selected the Advanced the the selected the to Custom The that previously selected affected this To to from the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. the On the the that matches the the the following to the (shown then click the If the option shown the the Quality the More as the or the the Advanced the (A4) S041059, S041025 S041060, S041028 Iron-On Cool (A4) S041154 Iron-On Cool S041155 Quality Quality (A4) S041061, S041026 Quality S041062, S041029 Quality S041067, S041048 Quality Card (A6) S041054 Quality Card S041121 Quality Card S041122 Quality (A4) S041106 the Software
(A4) S041063 S041064 Quality (A4) S041126 Quality S041124 (A4) S041140 S041141 S041134 S041145 Quality Quality (A4) S041071 Quality S041072 Quality (A6) S041107 (A6) S041144 The of country. DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 the Printout NT only) You of located the and On the specify the of and the On the the of to the or of and about the and and the To the of or the the To to the of the which rotates vertically. This of the fact that the to the top of the than to the the Software Click to the the of
to the To the of to the of the the the The to or reduces the of to the the The Custom allows to manually the to or reduce Click the to the Proportion to from to or only) To or of of the the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software Click to to or the of Click to or of of
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. The allows to the of the The allows to around each the of To the Click the You from of or (.BMP) as own The allows to of the and of the Software Click to
EPSON EPSON allow to from to the To the the the software then the the to The below. The parentheses the the shortcut that Press and the the to that While of the buttons, the EPSON DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 EPSON only) with information such as the amount of and This when: You the The connected directly to the the LPT1, and to bidirectional You the that with the optional EPSON Ethernet Interface Card when connecting The included with the EPSON with information about EPSON Click the the head the and cleaning to that the head cleared. the the heads cleaning, the Head Cleaning directly from the the Software
Head Cleaning Cleans the heads. You to clean the heads quality. and head cleaning, the to whether the heads to cleaned You the directly from the Head Cleaning Head the heads. this of or the Check, Head and Head with connected to through If necessary, to the the Check, Head and Head while otherwise only) Allows to to Clicking this shows the following DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. High high-speed This using as cache when of the every EPSON the EPSON which EPSON instead of the This the to EPSON DMA appear below the EPSON stating the DMA of If such DMA One of the following appear: High (DMA) The DMA already higher DMA You to DMA instructions about to DMA the Software
Checking and to the from the or the appears From This shows the of the and information when bidirectional the and established. If the the to information. The appear when turned off the information. DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Stop it from the the whole or the the Software appears the
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. From This shows the of the You and and selected from the and the the Software Stop from the the whole or the
the EPSON The EPSON to If or them (with this the received. reaches the top of the the EPSON the to the From Click the EPSON COLOR appears the You the and information the and and or selected from the From Double-click the EPSON appears the of or the the EPSON group. information, DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. EPSON only) If the information the If the the this chapter. using the to the README located the EPSON the There to EPSON Double-click the printer-shaped background the the of You EPSON to the background Click to and then EPSON You the The EPSON displays: the Software
The of the the Ready of occurred Communication and The of the EPSON connected directly to appears this You or from the To memory, to (This the from Choose or the You rearrange the of the the Click the or Count title to the of the appear the of the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Count the of to To information, choose the or the the To information the of the double-clicking the You the of the the If the from the the following appears: You the from the the section infromation the the Software
You the three below clicking the the top of the with information, graphic dispaly, and If troubleshooting appear the the graphic the amount of information with information about and other connected You such as selecting the and turning or off background the active. (It active printer-shaped appears the the of the EPSON from as Then to Background the and from or to The Background and while the inactive. DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Select the to from the and then Preferences the The below appears. You the the applications. Background If this turned the appears while You when the appears the options the right. You when the to appear. Click OK to the Software
If the to appear front of other the right-click the background and choose Top the If the when the software, to To the to the software as below: the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM software users, the the If appears, Click and D:\ and specify the If CD-ROM other than "D", the If the the of the Click OK The Follow the instructions the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Information Through software which of about software. It with instructions and troubleshooting Accessing from the and choose or Then or to of these buttons) the software Click the the of the or related to the items that and NT users: You related to item right-clicking the then clicking the Whats This? Accessing from or NT Click to and or EPSON NT and then EPSON COLOR You the Accessing from the EPSON and the EPSON COLOR You the the Software
Sign-off: Chapter the Software Software to the the the the Custom the Printout and EPSON EPSON Head Cleaning Head Background DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Software The software includes and The choose from of to the from The the and top The and to to the option to the This to the and as Basically, there three of the the which and the which to These below. To the of the or and Troubleshooting to You the the following the of or the the of the the Software
the selected as the the the of to the and the Usually, to this enough the to with the or information the and information the choose the while selected, appears the that choose Quality or Select Quality when than speed. the and as below they the other You to the other basic such as information the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Select the that matches the of the below to which (shown matches (A4) S041059, S041025 S041060, S041028 Iron-On Cool (A4) S041154 Iron-On Cool S041155 Quality Quality (A4) S041061, S041026 Quality S041062, S041029 Quality S041067, S041048 Quality Card (A6) S041054 Quality Card S041121 Quality Card S041122 Quality (A4) S041106 (A4) S041063 S041064 the Software
Quality (A4) S041126 Quality S041124 (A4) S041140 S041141 S041134 S041145 Quality Quality (A4) S041071 Quality S041072 Quality (A6) S041107 (A6) S041144 The of country. If includes If or to as of choose Black the If Advanced the The to the of such as or or You the located the More and buttons the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. choose other such as Quality, and automatically. shown the the right of the to the and as they affected the select. the previous section information the and The the following This with reproduction of or the selected the to Custom this option. Text/Graph This graphics-intensive such as charts and It the the and highlights of the Text/Graph selected the to Custom this option. PhotoEnhance2 This recorder, or The EPSON PhotoEnhance2 and the and of the the Software
Selecting PhotoEnhance2 the option to the PhotoEnhance2 selected the to Custom with PhotoEnhance2 selected than other and the amount of This with and The character. Choose this rough of text only. the selected the to Custom this option. ColorSync This printed to match the Selecting ColorSync the option to the ColorSync selected the to Custom DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the to their manually. However, the to the or to the Advanced the Then the More The More appears. the Software
Quality The Quality Select this when the highest This to this with the highest such as EPSON Quality Select this when high-quality output With this to high type, such as EPSON Quality of EPSON Normal Select this of this EPSON or EPSON of EPSON Select this option rough of This and character. The Quality the of the Quality selecting the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the that matches the the Select includes Black text only, or to as of The Select this when text only. Although this should with Select this when that graphics or photographic with the of the surrounding to the appearance of the and Coarse Dithering Dithering and charts, and other that of bright Select Coarse Dithering with and Select Dithering with the Software
MicroWeave MicroWeave allows to graphics and This reduces the of the light that If with MicroWeave turned the High This activates bidirectional which reduces the to that High should switched off when high If appear when High selected, to the heads. the Heads This left-to-right. If as the Quality turn to text and art with that to this and increase memory Additionally, to and correctly. If with off or memory. DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. The with of that applications. There four as follows: the and correction the type of to the Photo-realistic output that closely matches the this photographs. the and the and highlights of this graphics, such as charts and The the Choose this option when ColorSync this normally, choose of the other the Software
the below, the to the right or with or type the to the to The from to Brightness the or of or the the bright or of the of that and higher that the amount of each of the three PhotoEnhance2 Select this option when with or EPSON PhotoEnhance2 the and brightness of the to PhotoEnhance2 PhotoEnhance2 selected, other those DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. PhotoEnhance2 when selected as the option. with PhotoEnhance2 than other and the amount of the ColorSync Select ColorSync when matching with the It the to the they appear There Profile and below To this the To the ColorSync Profile through the and the Profile button. Select from the of that appears, and then Select the ColorSync when selected Profile Matches the with the This software EPSON which to with this option selected, the software the EPSON. other with their products. If these appear the Profile the Software
the information the chosen from the Profile The option photographs and that the other The option this graphics, such as charts and graphics. The option when of when to the the distinguishes them. that or other matching perfectly, to the and other B, information. OK and to the To to the without applying DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 To as group, follow these Click the The Custom appears. to characters) the Click You to of You of from the the You To the to the Custom then the and You the the Software
To Advanced the then the the More and If the or option when of selected the the selection shown the to Custom The that selected affected this To to the the To choose from the of The following appears: DR, A5 Easter10 the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 You of the following If this the instructions A4, B5, A5, Envelope C6, DL A6 EPSON the first. first with the this to specify the of the or Select this when to to the of This of the fact that the to the top of the than to the or this to reduce or the of Printable Select to as as the Select to from the edges. the Software
Custom If included the the follow the below to the The following appears: To New The to allow to the the the New Specify the as inches or the and the height. DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Click OK You to the You to The appear the the To the its from the the Custom and the Printout and To the the of and the to Selecting this proportionally or reduces the of the to the selected the To this function, On and the the from the the Software
Selecting this function to the background of or Select the to from the then its and intensity. The and of the with the the You (or PICT as to the Follow the below to Click the to the right of the The following appears: Click Select the to and DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software MAC2 MAC3
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. the and appear the You or four of selecting or the You choose to around each the of You the which of Collated or the Software MAC4
EPSON EPSON allow to the and from You the from the Click the to the following EPSON The the If it inform with You this to To the the EPSON the The following appears: DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. The the amount of when To the information, the button. You the head with this the and cleaning to that the head cleaned. You the Head Cleaning directly from the Head Cleaning You the heads with this utility. You to the heads and head cleaning, the to whether the heads to cleaned You the directly from the Head Cleaning Head This the heads. this of or Clicking this displays the where choose the of or warning becomes necessary. You choose when the and choose the the temporary of and the Software
Background to the the EPSON to or that This shows the of the currently printed. To EPSON first Background the Chooser Then, to the from the Application the right of the This to the following: You EPSON double-clicking the EPSON the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. To the and the top of the The to the of the To the which the and the top of the To the and the top of the To follows the below. Click the arrow the of the You to the below. Click the to its priority. Select Normal or from the Priority To the of the and then the Software
Sign-off: Loading and Other About cleaning Loading Loading DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref.
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Loading and Other distributed EPSON, the instruction sheets with first and the following the of the when the the instruction sheets with the to which the corners to the as shown below. the fits the and the arrow both of which located the of the Loading capacity EPSON below. and Quality Quality to cards. Card the included the cards. If corner, the with the the top right to the arrow the to the arrow
Quality to sheets. the Loading Sheet with the otherwise feeding Quality One or of the If to of to sheets and the top of the to to of the of You to the Quality One Sheet to sheets. the of One the and Iron-On Cool to *If with the the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 One
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. If from DOS, the following the to the the A. If smears the to the To the the and the as shown below. the to the of thickness. Leaving the the the About cleaning Cleaning with EPSON should with this The cleaning function these with this and the sheets the
Loading please follow the below: the or that too thin; they first with the You to the Select as the the or Chapter If smears the to the To the the cover and the the the to the which the If the the this to appear the when other DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. The DL, and C6
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Loading follow the below: Reposition the of of The the the top right when the of the You to the with the Select as the the or Chapter the the
Sign-off: Chapter Optional Interfaces Interfaces Optional Interfaces the interface (C82305 /C82306 DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Optional Interfaces
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Interfaces You interface to the of built-in interface. The following EPSON interface with Interface Interface Card C82305 /C82306 32KB Interface Card C82307 /C82308 32KB Interface Card C82310 32KB IEEE-488 Interface Card C82313 Interface Card C82312 Interface Card C82315 Interface Card C82314 Ethernet Interface Card C82357 C82345 Interface Card *The the which country. If whether optional interface, or to about interfaces, If to the LocalTalk interface LocalTalk Connector (DIN-8 to the interface the and the other to the the Then the the boxes. the owners that with the Optional Interfaces
Optional Interfaces the turned off and the lights off. the from the outlet (and from the back of the Turn the around that its back and existing interface cross-head screwdriver to the screws the shield plate to the optional interface then off the to both screws; to them when the shield to switches and the the interface If interface JG that to or the properly. DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 the interface when the connected to If the or Optional Interfaces
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the interface the both of the interface to the the of the interface the internal the interface the with the screws included with the interface the interface to the interface and to If the grounding wire, to of the screws the interface. Also, than the other interface the turned off. Then the cord. the optional interface, to the the interface option, such as I/F (interface) the If to the instructions. To the interface follow the Optional Interfaces
the interface (C82305 /C82306 using interface (C82305 /C82306 the sections below to the and other such as and the C82305 /C82306 interface Selecting the You the following rates: and second). To the the selection the C82305 /C82306 interface the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) to that the the increases to bytes, the X-ON or the DTR to (SPACE) to that ready to the The other including and DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Optional Interfaces
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Optional Interfaces
Sign-off: Chapter and Transportation Cartridge with Cleaning the the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 and Transportation
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Cartridge The lights inform when to and when to If to when the light off, Cartridge EPSON recommends the of EPSON Other products EPSON to covered the light flashing (S020108). the the light flashing (S020089). the the empty, the to using only To with only, with Once the the becomes and the the ready to with and Transportation or
To follow these the which to as indicated the light. If the light off or the light off, the cleaning that head. the the front of the necessary; then the cover. You the cleaning buttons. cleaning which to three seconds. The heads to the or as shown below, and the the the heads hand. the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 cleaning when the cleaning when the or cleaning or the cleaning to them; otherwise the and Transportation or and light flashes.
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Black The the heads back to their right) seconds the and Transportation
the as shown below. The of the Once the the becomes and the of the and of properly. the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. and Transportation
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. the the or the from its protective Next, the yellow from the as shown below. (S020108) You the from the Leaving the when the permanently the white of the from the top of the otherwise, the become clogged. the from the of the otherwise, the the with the the and the arrow the to the of the and Transportation (S020089)
Press the If to the other as the cleaning then through then the cover. The the heads and charging the This about three to Press the The the the the heads and the charging about seconds the the charging finished, the its memory or the heads to their Then the light DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 light to while the the charging operation. off the while the light flashing. Doing charging of and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. with the empty, with as as both To when the light continuously, the off and back that to the turning off The to the choose Black as the the the or Chapter Macintosh. To switch back to as this chapter, the to charge and then the off and back If the it though the and Transportation
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly the turned off and the lights off. Then the cord. from the to clean and If the outer or the of the with cloth with the cover closed to from If the of the with off with cloth. Warning: to the the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the or service DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Transporting the If to the and as follows: the and that the heads the right) If they the and then turn it off The heads to the the cover. the when the the the the from the then the interface from the the from the and the the and then the the protective to the the and the the and Transportation
Sign-off: Troubleshooting the testing and supply Increasing the only) Cleaning the Heads the Heads Cartridge Uninstalling Software only) Contacting Customer United and the of Ireland Australian users users DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 the Troubleshooting easy first the then apply the fixed. The information that to the the lights and the and only). whether with the or with the to the to and this chapter and to the information this to the of then apply the recommended the You with the lights the If and the lights or the following of light to the then follow the corrective Troubleshooting
Lights and o the the then the The and then correctly. the Press the the The nearly empty. (S020108). The the with o empty. (S020108). The nearly empty. (S020089). The the with o empty. (S020089). o off, DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. to the light off. The light off. Loading The the and then If the cleared, the cover and the then the and the The flashing to the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Lights and The head or other and to the o o Unknown unknown Turn off the and occurred. seconds, If the cleared, o off, flashing If with or Macintosh, the or Macintosh) to the Chapter the Software or Chapter the Software Troubleshooting from the hand. If to hand, the the ejected. If the ejected, release the then The rotates the Release the the ejected. Turn off the seconds, If the cleared,
testing whether the from the or the If the satisfactorily, the right and the the software the interface to shielded or the If the satisfactorily, of the there with the This or heads. and and to the or directly to "Cleaning the Heads" this chapter. To follow these both the and turned off. Unlock the both of the interface and the ground necessary. Then the from the interface that the sheet DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 least inches) A4 first. the heads directly the This to smeared. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the to the Then release both buttons. The and of the factory and continuously the The and white, the To the off the The from the path. Troubleshooting and the
the to the and software To the follow these the turned off and the the cover. cleaning and the The the top of and the from the The the from the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. least inches) A4 first. the heads directly the which and the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. and This section four supply to the the type of and the that closely matches the The and first, them the that they written the supply The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of Troubleshooting the and the outlet ratings. If the match, the immediately and Warning: the to that matching
The and the lights off. What to The turned off. Press the The properly the The outlet switch or The outlet of another the outlet to whether the outlet If The light nothing What to The interface Confirm that the to securely. the and the securely. If the connected correctly, as interface both the and specifications. DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. The light Turn off the the firmly the and the back If switches, the switches to them. interface that both and specifications. Interface Specifications C. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. software properly that properly selected software. Nothing and the lights or flashing. What to occurred The sounds nothing What to The head Clean the heads. Cleaning clogged. the Heads, this chapter. If this four or the below. One or both of the than months or the the Troubleshooting or the software as Chapter the earlier this chapter to what of occurred, and apply the recommended If cleaning the heads the the as If the light or flashing, Cartridge to the or
The nothing from What to selected the software. section of software. The interface both the and memory too to the of DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. that the shown reducing the of image-editing software. memory Select or as below. and NT choose as the To the to and choose Then the and the or NT the the then and choose Then choose from the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. SC (or SC used appears. only) What to The and the From corrupted. the software or CD-ROM, and from the that displays Then Click necessary, and instructions the too high or too the What to Margins incorrectly that the correctly the specifications C-6. Troubleshooting If to information, Macintosh, choose from the Apple and Select information this
The of the the match the within or and white. What to selected Select software. software. selected or the The with DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the of or the within or to match the of Select and the to If the and white, from another If this the the of the software with which the then the off and back that to the with Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. what What to The and the amount of the too high. Something the or What to the interface from occurred. the then the earlier this chapter. The within incorrect. The interface that the securely securely. connected to the and the The match that of Troubleshooting of and Increasing the this chapter. High and increase the amount of to processed. These factors the the within and the I/F to Normal the the A.
Software those the DOS users: The Network I/F the Network I/F to On to the To the the A. The New appears though the software already What to This when Click the then OK The heads to the unexpectedly. What to or cleaning while the The light flashing or DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. first. If that the If that the One or both of the or of the as or Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 properly from the What to Too sheets the of the the and the the amount of the Chapter The the the of correctly. Loading Chapter the Press the path. The the the The or The or creased. smooth sheets of The that the with the this C. Troubleshooting The the and then If the cleared, the cover and the then the and the The the that fits the Loading
The than What to Too the of the the sheet sheets, and the amount of the Chapter The the the of correctly. Loading Chapter The too thin. the the this C. Ejected What to The or its What to The too Press the DR, A5 Easter10 to the that the this C. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. feed or frequently. What to of the of and the together. The too thin or the the rough. this C. Too sheets the and Chapter the the amount of the The of the turning the of correctly loaded. the of the with arrow the of the the Troubleshooting
The or areas. What to The head Clean the heads. Cleaning clogged. the Heads, this chapter. The to The Select the correct. or and the the type of the DOS users: The to On the The What to or the its The Select the correct. or and the the type of the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Turn off the To the the A. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. The though the with DOS users: The to the The smeared. What to The too thick. the cover and the to the Chapter without the or of though of EPSON Quality loaded. The head Clean the heads. Cleaning clogged. the Heads this chapter. Troubleshooting Select Black as the with the the to the To the the A. the or of the or the instructions with with the or of If to of to with the sheet or of them and the top of the to or
the the shown below the with cloth. White appear the What to The head Clean the heads. Cleaning the Heads this chapter. One of the the to the The MicroWeave option selected. The incorrect. DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Warning: to the the or light flashing, and the Turn MicroWeave or MicroWeave and the matches the type of the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Easter10 or White appears and graphics. What to The heads the heads using the Head the Heads this chapter. The the High option selected. DOS users: The to the what What to The the selected or the You the the the of the then the of the the The High To higher selected the High selected. Troubleshooting the to the To the the A. the the and that selected the type and/or the software. that the this C.
The the to correct. they If these correct, Also, information or Chapter Macintosh. DOS users: The to the Colors from what What to The head Clean the head. clogged. Cleaning the Heads this chapter. Black selected the to The that the of the facing The the match the loaded. to match the type of loaded. DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. To higher the to the To the the A. that matches the selected the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 The head of clogged. The ICM or ColorSync (Macintosh) and properly and differently, match on-screen perfectly. Colors What to The the of EPSON The match the of the Troubleshooting Clean the heads. Cleaning the Heads this chapter. Select as the the the of image-editing software and information B, that the coated of the If necessary, the and try If the the heads as this chapter. the matches the type of loaded, or that matches the
characters or graphics. The or areas. What to The head Clean the head. clogged. Cleaning the Heads this chapter. DOS users: The Network I/F the Network I/F to On to the To the the A. Black characters or graphics. The light or What to The head Clean the head. clogged. Cleaning the Heads this chapter. characters or graphics. What to DOS users: The Network I/F the Network I/F to On to the To the the A. DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Photographic or rough. What to The the heads with the Head the Heads this chapter. The of the or the the software too The appear when using What to The this option selected the Troubleshooting Increase the software. that higher to of the EPSON PhotoEnhance recommended photographic On the or (Macintosh), the Advanced and PhotoEnhance2 from the You this the to the To the the to and Right-click the and choose from the Click the then Select this
the heads the Head Cleaning the What to You attempted to clean the heads while the or of Increasing the as high than and white the of this reason, to selective of the highest and of when that includes photographs, to the other that to increase the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the light. the or the Head Cleaning the as Chapter or Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. The following shows the factors that and (increasing the other). Higher Quality MicroWeave On High On On characteristics High The below shows the factors related to only. Black On On On characteristics of HDD free Memory free Troubleshooting
Software One the software and software to of from to white. only) You with the To the the the right-click and The appears. Click the and the button. High To of High EPSON To the to EPSON EPSON DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. DMA DMA to to the This only that which ECP to ECP and DMA To DMA below. If appears the with the below. Action High (DMA) DMA already Click OK to the higher to DMA Double-click the and Double-click the and the Double-click the (COM LPT) and LPT1 If to other than LPT1, the Troubleshooting DMA the to ECP or Enhanced BIOS to DMA or instructions. the BIOS the software. the the software.
Click the and the to the the shown the Select from the Based that the as wrote and the Direct Memory Access and allocated and displayed. Confirm that the Conflicting shows conflicts DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 these Click to the Select Confirm there conflicts Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Click OK to the the to whether DMA You to DMA the information the DMA of Cleaning the Heads If that the unexpectedly or the to these cleaning the heads, which that the properly. You the heads from using the Head Cleaning the software. If DOS or clean the heads with this utility, the instead. Cleaning the Heads A. head cleaning To wasting the heads the to that the heads to cleaned. the Head Cleaning or while otherwise Troubleshooting
To the heads, follow these users: the head, the light off. the head, the light off. or clean the heads. Access the as Click the then the Head Cleaning Follow the While the the cleaning the light flashes. It about to each head. the light flashing, the Head Cleaning and the to that the heads clean and to the cleaning DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. off the while the light flashing. Doing the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 heads to cleaned The and white, the the that from the as shown to the head cleaning and the If repeating this four or other this chapter. If the Troubleshooting
users: the head, the light off. clean the head, the light off. or the heads. Choose from the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the While the the cleaning the light flashes. It about to each head. the light flashing, the Confirmation button the Head Cleaning to and to the cleaning the to the heads clean. to of the the that from the to the head cleaning and the If repeating this four or other this chapter. If the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. turn off the while light flashing. Doing the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the Heads If of or to these from the Head the software. If using DOS or the heads with this A. the Head while otherwise users: the least inches) A4 first. the heads directly the This to smeared. Access the as Chapter Click the then click the Head Follow the to the heads. Troubleshooting
users: the Choose from the You the Click the Head Follow the to the heads. Cartridge If cleaning and the heads, to or both of the To the light flashing or follow these If the or light flashing or the as Cartridge Once becomes and the DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. least inches) A4 first. the heads directly the This to smeared. or Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. the the front of the then, holding the the cover, the cover. You the and cleaning buttons. cleaning buttons than three seconds the heads slightly to the which the The both the light flashes. cleaning the heads The heads to the If to the the the heads hand. the cleaning or the cleaning to them; otherwise the The the heads back to their right) seconds the Complete the as from of Cartridge Troubleshooting and
Uninstalling Software only) If to the EPSON and follow the instructions below. Double-click the and the Double-click Select EPSON Software to the or EPSON to the from the software Click If software, appears and to the the to Follow the instructions the to the software. DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Contacting Customer If operating properly and with the troubleshooting information this and EPSON services to to the information indicated below. of (The the back of the Brand and of software (Click About the NT, of software normally with United and the of Ireland users If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, EPSON (UK) LTD of services and technical World EPSON Service Customer and Warranty Troubleshooting
Pre the following sections World If to the and information the EPSON products, software and to EPSON EPSON service information including troubleshooting switch and information. To EPSON, the UK or from the of Ireland using touch-tone You to follow to Once telephone and numbers, EPSON of the to found the that the EPSON and the ID numbers. The to automatically. DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Service and You the EPSON Service the UK or from the of Ireland. membership required. that software to ANSI and of to Downloading include and the that with software and information. first to the Service, and (which yourself). Customer and Warranty Customer and Warranty teams the UK or from the of Ireland. They the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty of EPSON Customer and Warranty services the technical section of and EPSON service Troubleshooting
Pre The contacted the UK or from the of Ireland, the UK or from the of Ireland, and They the following information: Pre information and EPSON products Where to purchase EPSON and options Australian users EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as this the following information: EPSON FAXBACK EPSON FAXBACK the and EPSON offered There technical information including of the software and and the through of choices the information to EPSON This where the software and the BBS to the If DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 URL Access the EPSON World Worth the You the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON Dont that often and The should the first They often and easily as as the to EPSON EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of The Phone: to the information when The information the the This information includes the EPSON type of operating and other information required. Troubleshooting
users the telephone and below: Phone: To technical as as other services, users to EPSON EPSON established both Chinese and English the to with the following information: Product information to Frequently of EPSON World board board (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: BBS: DR, A5 Chapter Easter10 Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Technical You technical the following and numbers: users To technical as as other services, to the EPSON Representative Office the and below: BBS: Troubleshooting
Sign-off: the with DOS the Software DOS A-2 the A-3 the A-4 the A-7 Selecting A-8 Cleaning the Heads A-10 the Heads A-11 the head A-11 the buttons A-12 Functions A-13 DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. the with DOS A-1
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. the Software DOS DOS software include software EPSON ESC/P They to the from to the software. You to the to of advanced built-in and graphics If included the software to software. If the the first the below. only: LQ-870/1170 LQ-570 SQ-870/1070 LQ-850 LQ-500 and EPSON PRO EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR II LQ-860 LQ-2550 The the EPSON STYLUS COLOR features, such as and MicroWeave. DOS software greatly. the section of software information the A-2 the with DOS
the You such as and these each the they The factory to the of users, to them. The below the the Font T, H, Pitch I/F Option I/F seconds, seconds Software ESC/P IBM X24E CR (IBM only) On AGM (IBM only) On Character Italic, PC437, PC850, PC860, PC863, PC865, PC861, BRASCII, ISO other Italic, PC437, PC437 PC850, PC853, PC855, PC852, PC857, PC866, PC MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO 1T, PC774, ISO PC866 LAT, PC866 UKR, PCAPTEC, PC708, PC720, PCAR864, PC860, PC865, PC861 International character U.S.A, Germany, U.K, Italy, Spain1 feed On Network I/F On Loading Others On I/F Normal DR, A5 Easter10 the with DOS A-3
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. the section, the To the A-7. software the character and feed. If software these features, to them with the the three and software this If software to with the the to switch bidirectional text and graphics the heads to both This the If or the heads as A-11. the heads to only. This both graphics and character Font this to the Pitch With this specify the character pitch I/F EPSON both and interface, allowing to the computers. A-4 the with DOS
If the selects the interface that and that interface the of the (A when from the selected interface the amount of specified the I/F below.) this option to the to from the interface, or to the to from the interface. Select Option optional interface and the to from the built-in interface. If know what type of interface I/F If as the I/F option, the interface timeout to seconds or seconds. The from another interface from the interface the I/F Software this to the type of to to the If ESC/P the EPSON ESC/P If IBM X24E the operates as IBM X24E. If EPSON ESC/P This allow to the advanced and graphics CR CR the option line-feed (CR LF) operation whenever the the right If this off, the characters the right and linewrap CR command. This when IBM X24E as the Software DR, A5 Easter10 the with DOS A-5
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. AGM Graphics AGM the high-resolution graphics commands. The off. This when IBM X24E as the Software Character Character the characters and The text based the selected character the character C. feed the each (CR) (LF) If text unexpectedly double-spaced, this to If text top of each other, to On Network I/F If connected to this off. If to the with another this this the though the the turning off the Loading If to this to If the top with software, that to the the character. this rough only. I/F This the I/F this to If to Normal A-6 the with DOS
the To the the buttons; the lights the turned off and the least A4 inches) or the heads directly the which cleaning and the to the the The of and summary and instructions. It instructs to the that (English, or Spanish). cleaning the following lights the of choice: Press the English French Spanish o On, cleaning to the and the instructions the selected. The instructions include that of the and the lights appear each selection. the instruction to the from the Press the DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. o o Flashing the with DOS A-7 o o
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. the turning off the You the turning off the them If to the the and the The indicated with arrows. Selecting built-in character including EPSON EPSON and EPSON H. to the to Helvetica To the the A-7. Font selections with software selections. software to The below shows the Fonts EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON A-8 the with DOS
and only. of the character might to with EPSON and EPSON these selected character with EPSON The of the T, and selected from to through software or ESC/P command. the that with software information selecting the of EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. the with DOS A-9
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Cleaning the Heads If the built-in head cleaning to that the properly. You the and heads To wasting clean the heads the the the front of the lowered; then the cover. You the the light the head to off. If the or light or flashing, this the If to this the to the heads to their cleaning three seconds to the or head. The cleaning the head and the Press the light flashing. If to the other head, the light flashing, then the other cleaning three seconds. It about to clean each head. off the while the light flashing. Doing the You both and heads the the cover. the light flashing, to that the head clean and to the cleaning If the head cleaning while the the and automatically. A-10 the with DOS and or or cleaning buttons.
If the then to the If hasnt repeating this four or and Chapter the Heads If that the or the or properly to the heads with the EPSON Head Utility. This the heads to clearly. You to the heads when the or to the head The head includes both and features. To this the EPSON Software CD-ROM CD-ROM and then type D:\SETUP (If CD-ROM or the D:\) the DOS the country, the CD-ROM of the software. If the type D:\ then proferred English, or Spanish, \SETUP Then Follow the the the to the and directory that the (or the to the directory). Then type EPCALIB2 and The following appears: DR, A5 Easter10 the with DOS A-11
DR, A5 Easter10 selected. Click Next then follow the the This to DOS with or without the buttons If the head that with then follow these to the heads. that the off and the least A4 inches) or the heads directly the which the cover. You the cleaning and the to the head Release the buttons. the The instruction English, and Spanish that shows to the heads. Follow these instructions. the heads, the head turning off the A-12 the with DOS and and the cleaning buttons.
Functions The functions below the while turning the LQ the and testing the and testing the the this chapter. Prints the from the head the head A-12 DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. cleaning cleaning cleaning buttons the with DOS A-13 cleaning buttons
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. A-14 the with DOS
Sign-off: of B-2 and B-5 of B-7 DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. B-1
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. of This section the of the relationships and to to the of of of three Saturation, and Brightness. The of the such as red, or The that the relationship the The of the This the amount of to the Brightness The relative or of the The these the The and the to the of the and of It the (C), (M), yellow (Y), and (K) to that think of This type of that of light and others, subtractive. theory, and yellow should actually they and combined with to (K). phosphors the with (A phosphor that off light when irradiated.) Each three phosphors: (R), (G), and (B). B-2
the and differently, and the of the and the the exactly match of the If to or the to closely match the on-screen to with the Additionally, software from of software and to match and software information The of that displayed: to match the CMYK, the of DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. B-3
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. of of CMYK as the section. to of the three they to of or the of as follows: Dithering and the commonly halftoning Dithering Dithering of to the appearance of This that of such as charts and with the of the surrounding to the appearance of the and This that graphics or photographic B-4
and The of affects the of Generally, the higher the the the quality. that the higher the the the and Generally, the to the as shown below. The the the the Conversely, the the the higher the function that this relationship. DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. B-5
DR, A5 Easter10 Since increasing the the that or tone when with created with software. To and tone the and the of the graphics B-6
of To to its readers, the who, what, when, where, why, and of WHO and WHAT to information, opinions, or to or people and to Therefore, first to think about who to co-worker, or other; and what to and with of bright, might to accounting firm, WHEN to While to when of and when the serious business without that white and offer to and white, while of from WHERE If every or only the of the clarity and readability of consistently and strategically, the of black-and-white text reading. too or that they overpower text or graphics. too It to than black-on-white or white-on-black DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. B-7
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. WHY and clarity, and appear to as and graphics to and of that influences the overhead of territory interesting and the with charts and HOW to the to or to to eye-catching. of recommended. using throughout the the the B-8
Sign-off: C Specifications Technical Specifications C-2 C-2 C-4 C-7 Mechanical C-8 C-9 C-9 C-10 Interface Specifications C-10 interface C-10 interface C-11 C-12 C-13 Command C-14 ESC/P C-14 IBM X24E C-15 Character C-16 International character C-25 Characters with ESC command C-26 DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Specifications C-1 C
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Technical Specifications and Character Character pitch LQ (characters inch) condensed) condensed) characters second. graphics Printable CR inches inches inches inches inches second. C-2 Specifications
Bidirectional with text and graphics. the ESC/P and expanded graphics IBM X24E inch, inch, or 1/360-inch milliseconds 1/3-inch 32KB Font EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Select other ESC/P commands. the Command this Scalable Font EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Each four and Character and graphics character graphical character countries.) Character international character and character DR, A5 Easter10 Specifications C-3 C
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or sheets: A4 A5 B5 distributed EPSON Thickness to to inch) to Weight DL C6 Thickness to to inch) to cards: A6 inches inches distributed EPSON C-4 Specifications
A4 A6 distributed EPSON cool A4 cool only distributed EPSON A4 inches distributed EPSON A6 with distributed EPSON reduce and and other If switch to higher of or to 25C to 77F) to RH EPSON Quality and Quality should the following to 30C to 86F) to RH DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Specifications C-5 C
DR, A5 Easter10 Printable Index A: The top of EPSON Quality the top B-L: The B-R: The right as follows: C6 and and and DL C: The A: The top B-L: The B-R: The right C: The C-6 Specifications B-L B-R B-R B-L B-R B-L C C C
the sheet first. However, should first. Black (S020108): Black capacity* (ISO/IEC Cartridge years from months 25C (77F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) -16C (3.2F) (W) (D) (H) (S020089): Colors and capacity* (A4, each Cartridge years from months 25C (77F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) -18C (-0.4F) (W) (D) (H) The often the head cleaning function. It and become approximately hours 25C (77F). DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Specifications C-7 C
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. EPSON recommends the of EPSON Other products EPSON to covered warranties. the expired. Mechanical feed Friction path: Sheet sheets capacity: (A4, Text) Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) pounds) without the C-8 Specifications Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches)
to 132V to 264V Rated to to Rated 0.4A 0.2A 18W (ISO10561 This IT with Phase to Phase 220-240V. the the back of the the of Operation: to 35C to 95F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) Humidity: Operation: to RH to RH DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. 120V 240V **Without Specifications C-9 C
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. U.S. UL with D3, CSA C22.2 with D3 EN60950 (VDE and NEMKO) EMC: U.S. FCC B, CSA C108.8 EN (CISPR EN EN EN Australian AS/NZS Interface Specifications with interface and interface. interface The built-in interface the following characteristics: IEEE-1284 Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or C-10 Specifications
IEEE-1284 Connector: Amphenol Connector or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 interface The built-in interface based the RS-423 This interface the following characteristics: Based RS-423 Synchronization: Synchronous X-ON/X-OFF DTR Word Parity Stop Connector: Recommended Apple M0197) Optional The interfaces Chapter Please the specifications the with the optional interface DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Specifications C-11 C
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. The to of these The turned The INIT from the interface. Software Software ESC the command. The the turned the and the input and characters cleared. to their as shown the below. the turned within seconds turning off, the initialized. Software Clears the and to the shown below. software the or clear the and characters. C-12 Specifications
The below the that when the initialized. Item Top-of-form sheets: inches and right 1/6-inch Character pitch selected Cleared Every characters selection selected and character Hardware/control cleared Software DR, A5 Easter10 Specifications C-13 C
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Command This section the commands topic. with the following commands. ESC/P Selecting EPSON ESC/P software allows to the advanced and graphics the ESC/P Reference operation: ESC@, ESC U, ESC EM feeding: CR, FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC motion: ESC ESC ESC V, ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, ESC J, VT Font selection: ESC ESC ESC X, ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: ESC ESC ESC Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Graphics: ESC G, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Color: ESC ESC ESC C-14 Specifications
IBM X24E This the IBM with the following commands. information, X24E reference operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC (AGM*), ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (AGM*), CR ESC C, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC J, ESC (AGM*) Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP, ESC Character ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC (AGM*) Graphics DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Specifications C-15 C
DR, A5 Easter10 Character These character selected with the or software commands. the character the as the PC437 through 7F, the PC437 shown completely. The of the the characters through FF. The with the areas. PC437 C-16 Specifications
PC850 PC860 PC861 (Icelandic) PC863 (Canadian-French) DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Specifications C-17 C
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. PC865 (Nordic) C-18 Specifications
ISO PC437 PC853 PC855 DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Specifications C-19 C
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. PC857 PC866 PC869 MAZOWIA (Polish)* C-20 Specifications
MJK (CSFR)* ISO ISO 1T DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Specifications C-21 C
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. PC774 (LST ISO PC866 LAT. C-22 Specifications
PC866 UKR PC APTEC PC708 PC720 DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Specifications C-23 C
DR, A5 Easter10 PC AR864 C-24 Specifications characters the character
International character You of the following international character with the or the ESC command. when the characters the the below the character The following international character selected with the or with the ESC command. The following selected with the ESC command. DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Specifications C-25 C
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Characters with ESC To the characters the below, the ESC command. The characters the right with PC864 PC AR864 and PC APTEC C-26 Specifications
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. Sign-off: The following apply specifically to AGM Graphics option that the of when the IBM X24E software that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and this selected the each (CR) (LF) The that appear when graphics. This when the head MicroWeave bidirectional which the heads both This increases the of or which the of information or brightness The or of The of the memory to of information consisting of characters inch of the of text characters, to as pitch. character of numbers, and that with the characters CMYK and These to the of
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. ColorSync software that to WYSIWIG (what what This software as them to such as or feed. (characters inch) of the of text characters, to as pitch. or that when the turned or initialized. that allows users to that they to their software or the dithering which Dithering with such as charts and of which each or of inch. The the software that instructions to peripheral to what to from and instructions to the to this which with to the of another of users to this users this helpful. with the of the surrounding to the appearance of the and gradation. This that graphics or photographic
ESC/P This of commands of from It EPSON and computers. ESC/P The of the ESC/P Commands this features, such as and graphics This and clearer, that this increase the of type family of of from to white. to when with only. halftones of or to halftoning of using to to of or nearly of of troubleshooting that users the of the and the the each and ASCII characters. high which both This This bidirectional ICM Matching. This the to match the with the displayed the to its of This the or the of which each or precisely DR, A5 Easter10
DR, A5 Easter10 interface The the and peripheral such as Generally, interfaces, and interface or interface which the characters This feed that the The to which the loaded. IPS second. This to the head which printed, such as and MicroWeave which to reduce the of and to This with of which interface interface. functions These that holding while turning the The of which the It than the physical of the to software that commands the of shortened to head This allows to the heads cant the head head head should when the and or the
The acts as office It the and then them to the assigned It while the to the or they printed. The or the to which the connected. RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. To to its command, INIT or turning the off and then back The of inch to ROM Memory. of memory that and ROM its when off the RGB Red, and These phosphors irradiated the to the of type of that or crossing the of characters to readability. The the the with Fonts that or Non-scalable and they cant Screen This as they appear instead of them as halftones. checking the operation of the the the the characters its ROM. interface interface DR, A5 Easter10 Ref.
DR, A5 Easter10 Ref. The which the the that This then to the directly or to the software that that software that allows to the such as the amount of Colors that of light and others. CMYK which the head only. Unidirectional graphics allows than bidirectional characters Characters that and the the Also characters. WYSIWIG What-you-see-is-what-you-get. This to that exactly appears
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND Phone: EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, Phone: EPSON ITALIA MI, Phone: SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, Phone: EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. October