DR, A5 cover-2 Ref. Where to Information This with information EPSON COLOR and products, from to troubleshooting. with information and instructions the software that when the software. information EPSON (CD-ROM only) with information and with EPSON the CD-ROM of the software. what EPSON To displays using information about and instructions products. when them. to the of and to other sections of EPSON based the the of and shows to from
Sign-off: rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORP. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other SEIKO EPSON CORP. its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON CORP.s operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORP. or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORP. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, DR, A5 Ref. F-R01
DR, A5 Ref. Declaration of Conformity SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, EPSON EUROPE B.V. Address: Prof. J. H. AT The that the Product: Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): M. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. According to ISO/IEC and EN Product EPSON COLOR P870C Directive 89/336/EEC: EN EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC Directive 73/23/EEC: EN
DR, A5 Introduction Sign-off: Ref. Information Instructions Read of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the or or heat the The properly or or cover the the through the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as photocopiers or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. Information
DR, A5 Introduction the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected with other of to through the following of operating hand the or the the head hand; otherwise the of If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of Information
or to them. This to the head. Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of them. this the off the switch. The light flashes the head capped, which the right the or off the to the outlet the light flashing. The the head when seconds. the the head the right and the DR, A5 Introduction Ref. Information
DR, A5 Introduction The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused United of options EPSON (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products EPSON (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to rating and that the to the The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth Information NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency.
If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. If to the the or with of the and and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and useful the operation of DR, A5 Introduction Ref. Information
DR, A5 Introduction Information
Sign-off: to and Functions and Products DR, A5 Chapter Ref. to
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. and Functions cover to light light light thickness switch cleaning
Function or and released within seconds. Cleaning Lights The lights or to the charging or cleaning the head. the then the to The nearly empty. (S020138). The or empty. or the (S020138). flashing, DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the head to the seconds while the light flashing or the head to its head cleaning seconds when the light off. the of the and the If the light to flash, off the and the of the to
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. To with PC, Microsoft Workgroups, or and shielded, twisted-pair The following the the software, and and EPSON the to and software To and the software and included the CD-ROM or with the following required: Recommended or higher 16MB RAM 32MB RAM or 20MB 50MB or free VGA VGA or EPSON To the EPSON included with software, should the following IBM PC with or 8MB of RAM (16MB recommended) 20MB of free (40MB or recommended) to
VGA, VGA, or and recommended) CD-ROM or recommended) To EPSON CD-ROM these and Products Interface EPSON of interface You interface that the below. Interface (shielded) C83602 from D-SUB to Amphenol The the of the which country. S020138 DR, A5 Chapter Ref. to
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. EPSON specifically high-quality EPSON (A4) S041025 S041059 EPSON S041060 EPSON Quality (A4) S041026 S041061 EPSON Quality S041062 EPSON Quality S041067 EPSON Quality Card (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality (A4) S041071 EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON Quality (A6) S041107 EPSON Quality (A4) S041126 EPSON Quality S041124 EPSON (A4) S041063 EPSON S041064 EPSON Quality (A4) S041106 EPSON S041134 The of country. the the to the to the type of to the of its and cool, to
Sign-off: Chapter the the Attaching the Choosing the the the Cartridge Connecting the to PC the Software the software the software DR, A5 the
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the should include CD-ROM, which includes the software that and the following items: protective with and the Follow the instructions with the to these and protective to the the locations, the attached to the The of the AC country; the included the right location.
the the the the of the as shown below. Choosing the Follow the below when selecting location the The properly or the enough to the the interface to reach easily. enough the the front of the the to freely of easy and or the to and humidity. from sunlight, strong light, or heat DR, A5 the
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. to and the outlet where the easily French-speaking users: fiche outlets switches or timers. Also, the as or other that the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded the following: that least that the The should the
the that the turned off. the the back of the to the the matches that of the Also, that the If the to the to the AC the back of the the properly grounded DR, A5 Chapter Ref. It to the If the rated and outlet match, the cord. the
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Cartridge Warning: The self-contained ordinary from If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the as follows: the the or the Turn the The light and the light the
the cleaning three seconds. The light flashing, and the head slightly to the both of the cover, the cover. DR, A5 Chapter the head hand. the cleaning to the the 26-A
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the as as it the protective from the the Next, the yellow from the top of the as shown below. You the from the the with the yellow attached permanently the whole the white from the top of the only the yellow the from the of the otherwise, the (S020138)
the the with the and the arrow to the rear. the Press the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Once the the the the become the
DR, A5 Ref. Press the cleaning The the head to its right) the cleaning the the head back to its about seconds the The charges the The first the this the charging process, the light flashes. off the while the light flashing. Doing charging of the cover. The of the amount of text and graphics or the of the Cartridge Chapter the
Connecting the to PC To the to the built-in interface, shielded, twisted-pair the to the as follows: both the and turned off. the securely the interface Then the together they both If ground wire, to the ground below the interface the other of the the interface. If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the section instructions the software. You the software DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the
DR, A5 Chapter the Software the to the software. It included the Software EPSON COLOR CD-ROM shipped with software includes: The software that or With such as type, and The the of The Check, Head and Head top operating on-screen to information and instructions to EPSON EPSON with information and with the with the CD-ROM information. EPSON included the If the of the software, installation, of the EPSON software To of the software CD-ROM, the creation included the CD as or the
the software If instructions. and the off. CD-ROM users: the software CD shipped with the CD-ROM The shown below appears. Click If this appear, the and then the CD-ROM If this appear, the and to To of the software and creation and follow the on-screen instructions. users: the software the and the Double-click the and the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Select the EPSON Click OK to the and follow the instructions. CD-ROM users: EPSON once the and Follow the on-screen instructions. users: Click OK when the of the and completed. software information the software, If with the
the software using plug-and-play function Follow these to the software plug-and-play To the software using plug-and-play IEEE-1284 bidirectional information. the connected to the Turn off and necessary. Turn the first; then the If the You the New Found If the New please follow the the software instead. DR, A5 Chapter displayed. the
DR, A5 Ref. Click the from of the other buttons. Click OK You the From CD-ROM users: There of the software, English and the If CD written the CD the CD-ROM type OK and to If CD written the CD the CD-ROM type D:\ and then type English, or Spanish followed Click OK users: the software If the from the OK the the Copy from and OK At the type the the that the as shown. Select the to this as the applications. the
Click the CD-ROM users: EPSON once the and Follow the on-screen instructions. users: Click OK when installation completed. software information the software, Chapter If network with the section. with To to as Follow these Double-click the Double-click the Right-click the of and to right-click. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Click the The following appears: Click the then specify the to the Click OK the to and then The Select the then The the this option the Then OK the DETAIL
the software Follow these to the software and the the EPSON software CD shipped with the CD-ROM (If the From the choose You the the Command type D:\SETUP (If CD-ROM other than D or the the If to of the software and that CD-ROM, type EPSETUP instead of SETUP the that appears, the creation and follow the on-screen instructions. Click OK Select the EPSON DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the
DR, A5 Ref. Click OK to and follow the on-screen instructions. CD-ROM users: EPSON once the and Follow the on-screen instructions. users: Click OK when the of the and completed. The selects this as the applications. software information the software, Chapter Accessing the Software. the
Sign-off: to Accessing the Software From From From Information Through From From From DR, A5 Chapter Ref. to
DR, A5 Chapter Loading The following to the You cards, photo and instructions using Chapter the thickness to the Starting to
the and the to the as as of with the and the right of the resting the right of the The to of or the arrow which located the of the DR, A5 Chapter Starting to
DR, A5 Ref. the the of the then the to the the the of then to the While holding the of the straight and the Then the the This that the properly the path. Starting to
Accessing the Software The should the the to that directly the should the from to that the If the to apply to the From applications below. If the to apply to the From should the software the and the following to of to the software. From the choose or the that appears or You to of these buttons. The and the The the Click the the top of the to them. information the DR, A5 Ref. Starting to
DR, A5 Ref. From Follow these to the software from Computer. If the section. Double-click the Double-click the Right-click the of and The appears. Click the the top of the to the software The and the The the information the From Follow these to the software from the and the Double-click the from the Choose You the of the software The and the The the Click the the top of the to them. information the Starting to
Information Through software that includes information and instructions about and the of about the and the From To from the and choose or Then or Properties to of these buttons) the software Click the the of the and related to the items that If related to item right-clicking the then clicking the Whats This? From To directly from the to and and then EPSON COLOR You the DR, A5 Chapter to
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. From To directly from the EPSON and the EPSON COLOR You the to
Sign-off: the Thickness and the thickness the Loading and Other Loading DR, A5 Chapter Ref.
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Thickness and to the thickness and the these the and the or the path. the thickness The thickness and thick You should the to the that the to as shown the below. coated Thick cards, thick
the thick such as or smears the to the To the the cover and the as shown below. coated cards, If the smears, the to the DR, A5 Chapter
DR, A5 Chapter Loading and Other You to coated and they reduce the amount of that EPSON that the EPSON EPSON recommends to EPSON to high-quality of EPSON or distributed EPSON, the instruction with first and the following the of the when the the instruction with the to which the features corners to the as shown below. the thickness and the the the Thickness and
Loading below. EPSON and Quality EPSON Quality to cards. Cards the sheet beneath the when EPSON Quality One the the EPSON Quality One If to of only to sheets and the top of the to A6 or of the EPSON to of the of EPSON Quality One EPSON to sheets. the of to *If with the the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. to the arrow the to the arrow
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Loading please the following: You to the the thickness to thick and the to top first with the as shown below. that or that too thin; they as the the
Sign-off: Chapter and Transportation the Cartridge Cleaning the Head the Head Cleaning the Transporting the DR, A5 Chapter and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Cartridge light when to the flashing light that the the empty, the and the light continuously. If to the with the light flashes, Fixing Cartridge EPSON recommends the of EPSON Other products EPSON to covered warranties. the the ready to with Once it becomes and the or the to malfunction. To the follow these the light and the light flashing or the cover. and Transportation
the cleaning three seconds. The light flashing, and the head slightly to the If the cleaning three seconds when the light off, the cleaning the head. The head to the right) about seconds the the as as the of the DR, A5 Chapter the head hand. the cleaning to the Once the the becomes and the or the to malfunction. and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the of the and of properly. the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the Next, the from the top of the as shown below. You the yellow from the the with the yellow attached permanently the whole the white from the top of the the yellow the from the of the otherwise, and Transportation (S020138)
the the with the and the arrow to the rear. the Press the Press the cleaning to the head to the right The charges the about the cleaning the the head back to its about seconds the the cover. DR, A5 Chapter The light to flash while the the charging operation. off the while the light flashing. Doing charging of and Transportation
DR, A5 Ref. Cleaning the Head If that the unexpectedly or the to these cleaning the head, which that the properly. You the head from with the Head Cleaning the software, or from the using the buttons. head cleaning To wasting clean the head the to that the head to cleaned. This information. the Head Cleaning or while otherwise the light flashing or the head. the first. the Head Cleaning To the Head Cleaning the buttons that the light and the light off. and Transportation
If the light flashing or clean the head, and this the If to this the cleaning to the head to its the cleaning three seconds. The cleaning the head and the light the light flashing, from to that the head and to the cleaning If the and then to the DR, A5 Chapter This operation about to turn off the while the light flashing. and Transportation 26-A
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Head If of to this from using the Head the least inches) A4 first. the head directly the Access the software as then the the top of the software Click the Head Follow the to the head. and Transportation
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly the turned off. Then the cord. from the to and If the outer or the of the sheet dirty, with clean cloth with the cover closed to from If the of the with off with cloth. Warning: to the gears the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the or service DR, A5 Chapter and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Transporting the To the and as follows: the cover and the head the right of the If the and the head to the right Turn off the and the cover. the when the the the the from the then the interface from the the from the and the path; then the the protective to the the and the the the and Transportation
Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting the operation and supply Increasing the Fixing Cartridge Contacting Customer United and the of Ireland users Australian users users users DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter the If something with to the by: Checking the below) the Applying the recommended the and If and the lights the or flashing, the following to and the and the the then the to this light off. The The and the correctly. Loading Chapter the the of the and the If the light to flash, off the and the of the If tears and the the cover and the of The or the (S020138). or empty. Turn off the seconds and If the cleared, Unknown unknown Turn off the and occurred. flashing, Troubleshooting
operation Performing whether the from the or the To follow these both the and turned off. Unlock the both of the interface and the ground necessary. Then the from the interface that the DR, A5 Chapter least inches) B5 first. the head directly the the and smear Troubleshooting 14-A Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the and the then release the The including the of ROM, the counter and typical The and white, the (CMYK). Troubleshooting 26-B+
Turn off the finishes If the appear as shown this that the right and that the the software the interface or the and below and to the If of the the there with the This or head. Cleaning the Head or the Headon and This section supply to the section that the of the and the that matches the The and from the to the least them the that they written the DR, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter supply The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of The and the lights off. What to The off. Turn the The light The outlet switch or The outlet of another the to whether the If The properly the Troubleshooting the and outlet ratings. If the match, the immediately and Warning: the to outlet that matching Turn off the the the and the back If the lights
The light nothing What to The interface Confirm that the securely securely. to the and the If the connected correctly, operation as interface both the and specifications. software properly that selected software. Nothing and of the lights or flashing. What to the occurred once. earlier this chapter to what of occurred, and apply the recommended DR, A5 Ref. interface that both and specifications. If or the software as Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. The sounds nothing What to The head Clean the head. If clogged. this The than months or the the The operation nothing from What to selected Select the software. section of software. The interface both the and Select this IBM AT the To this the EPSON the EPSON and from the memory to the of Troubleshooting cleaning the head. If that the the If the light off, Fixing Cartridge that the shown Interface reducing the of software. memory Select or as below.
and white. What to selected Select software. software. selected or the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. choose as the To the to and choose Then the and the information this the the then and choose Then choose from the information this If to information, board Select and the to If the and white, from another If this the the of the with. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. too high or too the What to Margins incorrectly that the correctly Printable the The of the the match the within what What to The and the amount of the too high. The head to the unexpectedly. What to The cleaning while the light flashing or Troubleshooting the of or the within to match the of the of and Increasing the this chapter. High and increase the amount of to processed. These factors the The or of the as
The New appears though the software already What to This the operating The appear only). What to The this option the The this option selected the DR, A5 Chapter the New then OK this Click the to to and Then the the EPSON You this the to the To the the to and Right-click the and choose from the Click the then Select this Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter properly from the What to The too the Too sheets the of the the sheet sheets, and the to the arrow the The the the of correctly. Loading Chapter the Turn off the and path. of the of the If tears and the the cover; then of The or The or creased. smooth sheets of The that the with the this the The too thin. the the this the Troubleshooting the and straight and the
The than What to The too the Too sheets the of the the sheets, and the to the arrow the The the the of correctly. Loading Chapter The thickness or the correctly. The too thin. the the this the Ejected What to The too thin or or its DR, A5 Chapter the and straight and the the thickness and correctly. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. What to Press the to The too the that the this the feed or frequently. What to of the of and straighten together. The the the of correctly. The too thin or the the rough. this the that should than Too sheets to the arrow the the The of the turning the of correctly. the of the with arrow the of the the Troubleshooting the
The or areas. What to The thickness or the correctly. The head Clean the head. clogged. The reduced to The Select the correct. and the the type of the To The What to or or the its The Select the correct. and the the type of the To DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the thickness and correctly. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Printed smeared. What to The thickness or the correctly. without the or of of EPSON Quality loaded. the the of the as shown below with cloth. Troubleshooting the thickness and correctly. the or of the sheet with the or of the If to sheets of to sheets and the top of the to or Warning: to the the 02-A
White appear the What to The head Clean the head. clogged. The the to that the light flashing, and the The the of the incorrect. What to The head the head. The the High option More selected. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the matches the type of the To Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Ref. what What to The the selected or the You the the the of the then the of the the The the to correct. they If these correct, the Also, information Colors than what What to Black selected the to The that the of the facing Troubleshooting the the and that the type and/or the information the that the this
The the match the loaded. to match the type of loaded, or that matches the The head of clogged. The ICM and properly Since and differently, match on-screen perfectly. Colors What to The the that the of coated of the If necessary, the and If the head. The the match the matches the type of the or that matches the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Clean the head. Select the the of software and information or the EPSON CD-ROM information. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. characters or graphics. The or areas. What to The head Clean the head. clogged. Black characters or graphics. The or areas. What to The head Clean the head. Photographic or rough. What to The the head. The of the or the the software too the Head Cleaning the What to You attempted to the head while the or of Troubleshooting Increase the image-editing software. that higher to the light. If the light or flashing, the Head Cleaning the
Increasing the as high than the of this reason, to selective of The following shows the factors that and (increasing the other). Quality High On characteristics High The below shows the factors related to only. software Black On On On On characteristics of DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Priority Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. HDD free Memory free Software One memory Not the and software to of from to white. Fixing Cartridge If cleaning and the head, to the to the the otherwise the become To the light flashes, follow the below. Once becomes and the or the to malfunction. the then the cover. Troubleshooting
the three seconds, the head to the The light flashing. the of the properly. the from the and the the Press the Press the The the head back to its and charges the The light to while the the charging operation. off the while the light flashing. Doing charging of the the the head back to its about seconds the DR, A5 Ref. Once the the the the become Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Contacting Customer If operating properly and with the troubleshooting information this and EPSON services To quickly, please the information below. of the the back of the Brand and of software (Click About the of of software normally with United and the of Ireland If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, (UK) of services and technical the of Ireland, please the when the UK telephone the following the should as from the of Ireland. Troubleshooting
The the UK or from the of Ireland, and the They the following information: Information and EPSON products from Where to purchase EPSON and options Customer Customer the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty information contacting Customer team, please the Service and Information that with EPSON If this found service, Service or World below service and the EPSON products information including troubleshooting switch and information DR, A5 Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Ref. To touch-tone You to follow to and once telephone and numbers, of the to found the that the and the ID numbers. The to automatically. Service the Service the and membership required. that software to ANSI and of to Downloading include and the that with software and information. first to the Service, and (which yourself). World If to the and Browser, World information the EPSON products, software and to Australian users EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as this the following information: Troubleshooting
EPSON FAXBACK EPSON FAXBACK the and EPSON products offered There technical information including of the software and and the through of choices the information to EPSON This where the software and the BBS to the If URL the EPSON World Worth the You the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON Dont that often and The should the first They often and easily as as the to EPSON EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Access to the charge to purchasers of products the first months of that life. that phone and charges to account. The charge rates specified when the chargeable You to charges incurred. The first months months to the information when The information the the This information includes the EPSON type of operating and other information required. the telephone and below: users To technical as as other services, to EPSON Limited. Troubleshooting
EPSON established both Chinese and English the to users with the following information: Product information to of EPSON World board (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: users To technical as as other services, to the EPSON Office the telephone and below: BBS: DR, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting
Sign-off: Specifications A-2 A-2 Printable A-4 Cartridge (S020138) A-5 Mechanical A-6 A-6 A-7 A-7 DR, A5 Ref. Specifications A-1
DR, A5 Ref. (each which and of the which effective greater than Bidirectional with 25KB Since the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or sheets: A4 B5 Thickness to to inch) to A-2 Specifications
DL Thickness to to inch) to Index cards: A6 distributed EPSON A4 A6 only distributed EPSON sheets: A4 distributed EPSON EPSON cards, and sheets the thickness to Thick reduce and or other If switch to higher of or and only to 25C to 77F) to RH DR, A5 Ref. Specifications A-3
DR, A5 Ref. cards/adhesive sheets/transparencies B-L A: The top inch). of EPSON Quality the top inches). B: The inch). The right inch) and The right and inch). The right as follows: inch) DL inches) C: The inch). the first. top first with the A-4 Specifications B-L B-R C B-R C
Cartridge (S020138) Colors and Black capacity* (A4, each (A4, Text, only) Cartridge from months 25C (77F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) -6C (21.2F) (W) (D) (H) The often the head cleaning function and often the It thaws and approximately hours 25C (77F). EPSON recommends the of EPSON only. Other products EPSON to covered warranties. the the expired. DR, A5 Ref. Specifications A-5
DR, A5 Mechanical Friction path: About sheets Sheet capacity: Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) pounds) without the to 132V to 264V Rated to to Rated 15W (ISO10561 the the back of the the of A-6 Specifications Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) 120V 240V
Operation: to 35C to 95F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) Humidity: Operation: to RH to RH U.S. UL with D3, CSA C22.2 with D3 EN60950 (TV and NEMKO) EMI: U.S. FCC B, CSA C108.8 EN (CISPR EN EN EN Australian AS/NZS DR, A5 Ref. **Without Specifications A-7
DR, A5 Ref. A-8 Specifications
DR, A5 Ref. Sign-off: The following apply specifically to software that such as or The that appear when graphics. This when the head bidirectional which the heads both This increases the of or which the of information or brightness The or of The of the memory to of information consisting of characters inch of the of text characters, to as pitch. CMYK yellow, and These to the of characters inch. or that when the turned or initialized. dithering halftoning which Dithering with such as charts and halftoning of which each or of
DR, A5 Ref. inch. The the software that instructions to peripheral to what to from and instructions to the to this which with to This smoothes of of type family of of from to white. to when with only. halftones of or to halftoning of to to of or nearly of of halftones high which both This the to its of This every the or the of which each or precisely interface The the and peripheral such as Generally, interfaces, and interface or interface The to which the loaded. which printed, such as and
This with of which interface interface. The of which the It than the physical of the to software that commands using the features of shortened to the of the the the ROM counter and head should when the and or the The of inch to three Normal and If connected to that to the while or they printed. RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. To the or to its turning the off and then back The of inch to ROM Memory. of memory that and ROM its when off the RGB Red, and These phosphors irradiated the to the of DR, A5 Ref.
DR, A5 The first The the that This then to the directly or to the The software that that The software that allows to the amount of This only. Colors that of light and others. CMYK
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, Phone: EPSON ITALIA MI, Phone: SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. Phone: EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. October
NOTE: To of protective with You these HINWEIS: ATTENTION: tout protection NOTA: protector. NOTA: Non NOTA: o Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, Printed NOTICE
Charging to NEVER off the while the flashing; than necessary. ALWAYS and follow NIEMALS UNBEDINGT hors Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, light
EPSON If cleaning with through the of or If EPSON COLOR follow the instructions the cleaning EPSON COLOR or EPSON COLOR follow the instructions the cleaning Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, Printed If