Printed with least EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information contained with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SoundAdvice service and EPSON FaxAdvice, EPSON Software, Factory, and PhotoEnhance of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. CPD-8991R1 Copyright Inc. Copyright Notice
EPSON COLOR the output office or business You from reports and to and overhead with The with these features: to inch), EPSON COLOR text and EPSON COLOR approximately text and as as Specially-designed whisper-quiet operation and text or of Great including and Creative software
About Software The software CD-ROM includes the software and You cant without The EPSON to software creative software, including: full-featured ArcSoft PhotoPrinter SE, that allows to and directly from PC only) EPSON Software Factory, and only) Reference information about (You HTML browsersuch as Microsoft or or or laterto the If software or creative software from CD-ROM, the instructions.
About To and its software, the This information, and instructions with or the about with, or troubleshooting Reference instructions (The this the EPSON COLOR the EPSON COLOR cover.) Notes, and Please follow these to injury. to to Notes information about hints
To and its software, should IBM PC with least or or NT recommended) Microsoft or NT At least 16MB of RAM (32MB or or 64MB NT recommended) At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or recommended) the software high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to the D-SUB, and the USB with USB and shielded USB AB from to to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction.
To and its software, should Apple or G3 with USB OS or G3: OS or At least 16MB of RAM (32MB recommended) At least 50MB of (100MB recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or recommended) the software shielded USB AB from to to If OS to operating software. Download and or from Apple Apple the If OS or Instead, Apple recommends that and To which operating About This from the Apple improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction.
NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused Ready EPSON Ready the other of ready the year Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating or sunlight. or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the the off the Dont switch off the or the the light off.
to properly grounded outlets. using outlets the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the or the of the If it off with and If them immediately with of the reach of the or to them. This to the
Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the printed the the within months of them. this the head hand; otherwise the the the head the right and the
software CD-ROM includes Reference The HTML browsersuch as or or or laterto If the correctly. Accessing You Reference from the CD-ROM or to and from there. Follow these software CD-ROM. Double-click CD-ROM then the EPSON Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM then the EPSON The appears: included the software CD-ROM. Click
Click The screen appears: You the from the CD-ROM Reference or the to Reference and from there. the the section. If the to as follows: Select EPSON and ESC760 or ESC860 the EPSON COLOR or EPSON COLOR and Reference first the Reference this Click to the of Click topic the to the of
expanding the of the topic to If theres right arrow to then topic to to Click the arrow to Closed to Click to to topic
from to what to to basic as or photographfrom the to selecting to the Follow the instructions these with Macintosh You selecting using the EPSON as below. If already with to these the of low-resolution and with PhotoEnhance, Selecting type or color-matching of such as EPSON or the EPSON software CD-ROM includes with instructions showing to software and to the To the the following: Double-click the EPSON Double-click the EPSON the EPSON Follow the on-screen instructions to software and
If the when follow these to the software CD-ROM. Double-click CD-ROM then the EPSON The appears. Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM then the EPSON The appears. Click Creative Software then EPSON The with This section these with the software selecting software (To Loading and the right and the the to this arrow the right
the following when the Its usually whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the the Software and ready to software From the You slightly the following selections the EPSON COLOR selected. If the (If or Then the If or other or types, instructions. Select Click to software
Selecting Software Once software The thing to to the the The affects the other options choose. If necessary, the to the shown below: the following the Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to to To Black If the instead of selecting from the the option to the software Select the type of Select the Select or higher-quality or Click OK
the option to This the software the Its the to of the the to Quality or This choose higher or (or the (The when selected.) selected OK to to Selecting The apply to the currently If usually type of applicationsfor the You this using the Click to and then Right-click the EPSON COLOR or Select NT). Then the Select the to Click OK when finished. the when to of Another to of to them as group; information about the right-click item the and then Whats This?.
Once clicked OK to the Click OK (or to the appears and shows the of You the to or You and appear Click to or below advanced through information printingfor the or Reference Click OK to Click to Click to or Click to about the
This section these basic Macintosh: the software selecting software (To with Loading and turned the right and the the the following when the Its whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the to this arrow If or other or types, instructions. the right
the Software and ready to and other software From the You slightly the following selections the EPSON COLOR SC or SC selected. (If the incorrect, to the Chooser; the instructions.) Select the and Printable Reference Click OK to the and to Select and Click OK
Selecting Software the and You the slightly The thing to to the the The affects the other options choose. the following the Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to to To text Black the option to This the software the Its the to of the the to Quality or This choose higher or (or the (The when selected.) selected to Select Select or higher-quality or Select the type of Select the
Once clicked If turned background EPSON from the Application the right of the to the of You the EPSON Click Then to the below and advanced through information printingfor the or Reference Click to Click to Click to If using background to the the and the
with PhotoEnhance The includes PhotoEnhance options that increase and to the appearance of low-resolution You effects, such as Soft Follow these or software. On Macintosh, first choose and selecting from the Reference (You often these software. If should the there.) Access the as or (Macintosh). If high-resolution to the instead; or PhotoEnhance only affects with PhotoEnhance and
You of these boxes: Choose the to (If which to select, Choose (You PhotoEnhance Black selected.) Click PhotoEnhance If photograph with the Correction This the appearance of photographs with Click PhotoEnhance
You of photographs. Select the that closely matches photograph People or or of the Soft or You to with these to the If to of and the (You often these software. If should the there.) to already If to reduce or the to or the following: Click the Click the button. (You often these software. If should the there.) Click OK to to Then OK (or to Click to the Reference as You the Advanced to as
Custom EPSON COLOR software includes with options of as or These options the type of and or color-matching Follow these to with types: or software. On Macintosh, first choose and selecting from the Reference (You often these software. If should the there.) Access the as or Choose the to (If which to choose, Choose or Black Click Custom and then Custom You the of types. choose and type Click then to type
choose and type Choose type following these (these restricted and Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and rough of text ICM and only): created ICM recommended only with created such as those the World ColorSync only): with ColorSync and If to of and the (You often these software. If should the there.) to already Click then to type You these the Advanced to as
If to reduce or the to or the following: Click the Click the (You often these software. If should the there.) Click OK to to Then OK (or to Click to the Reference as Advanced and effects. You as them whenever To advanced follow these or software. On Macintosh, first choose and selecting from the Reference (You often these software. If should the there.) Access the as or Select and
Click Custom and then the Advanced You the Advanced Click to Quality Click to This section Quality the selected the and selected the You them as Choose Quality (the This section the selected
Select (the operating Select other to of the selected other choose. the software Reference Click OK to to the If to of and the (You often these software. If should the there.) to already If to reduce or the to or the following: Click the Click the (You often these software. If should the there.) Click OK to to Then OK (or to Click to them as group. Then them whenever Click the Advanced and OK.
the and To EPSON included free the EPSON Quality that with Instructions the with other the following of EPSON and information, the back cover. EPSON Quality EPSON Quality and as Quality as the Heavyweight Heavyweight professional-looking, and graphics to sheets as including beneath the Heavyweight as the EPSON You EPSON to photographs that as as the from processing. of the following when using EPSON the with the whiter facing to sheets of 6-inch, or or of included the
Select as the To their them resealable or other airtight covering and them from heat, humidity, and sunlight. to the as as If or follow the instructions to and the If 6-inch or the 6-inch EPSON 6-inch micro-perforated around the and the to the of the paperon the the right with the facing and the perforated as shown. Then the the You to sheets with the included and beneath the (If the to the software, to inches. softwares Reduce/Enlarge or to (Macintosh) as Reference Choose as the Choose as the and as the the back and forth the perforations and tear off the the
the of the top and the to it the the as the Choose as the and as the Preserving EPSON EPSON specially to with to that as as photographs when protected from light or EPSON or mounted the the UV light protection than other the type and of the light exposed to, EPSON or years noticeable light or increase protected or and EPSON the back cover of this of the as from the the
You to first and them the right and the them. each or the thickness to the when or other thick the to the Select as the and choose the as the If the smears or (light turning off High the Advanced instructions the and thick
Selecting the Correct the type of software. Thats why the It what of and the coverage accordingly. the should choose this Select this sheets or EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Heavyweight Heavyweight If with cleaning the cleaning with this the Quality Quality
This section to its and Follow the instructions cleaning the head (below) the head cleaning the the Reference as Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head only You the head of the following the Head Cleaning (when the connected to as using the buttons, as the Its to least once month to If with cleaning the cleaning with the
the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning the turned and both the lights off. (If light flashing, the instead.) If the as or with to then Right-click EPSON COLOR the Then NT). Click the Macintosh: Click the On the the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashes. light flashing, to the head and the cleaning the the and Then Next The off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Head Cleaning and
If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the Quality You the off and overnightthis allows to then try cleaning the head the to Clean the Head Follow the below to the head. information.) the turned and both the lights off. (If light flashing, the cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the Press the light flashing, to the and the cleaning the If connected directly to the to to If and containing and Then to If the as or (Macintosh). light flashes. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than cleaning and
with to then Right-click EPSON COLOR the Then NT). Click the Click the the the button, and Next The the section If the its If the Clean to the head If cleaning three or four the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the the It should something this: Each and straight should with the If If as shown below, the head instructions.
Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to the these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020189 S020191 or EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please If to the lights the too follow the instructions Outdated Cartridge You empty. the the obtained the the head To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty.
Removing and Cartridges light flashing or (If these when both lights off, the cleans the heads as You when the Once the the Follow these to light should flashing), then the cover. the turned and (the cleaning and about three seconds the head and the Press the the The from its (The shows To the the the the of the and of or light flashing. To the the head hand. Dont the or to it with Once cant of the reach of If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with
the Then the of the top. Dont the of the the its with the facing and the back of the Press the the If to the other through with cleaning and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes, and the Charging about seconds. finished, the The You the yellow from the top of the or permanently Dont off the or try to the clear the light flashing and light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the (S020189) (S020191)
Outdated Cartridge than months to that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or both light flashing or Follow these to the light should flashing), then the cover. the turned and (the and about three seconds the head and the Press the the The from its (The shows To the the the the of the and of light flashing. To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant of the reach of If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with or
the Then the yellow of the top. Dont the of the the its with the facing and the back of the Press the the If to the other through with and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes and the Charging about seconds. finished, the The You the from the top of the or permanently Dont off the or to the clear the light flashing and light flashing, the hasnt or than off the while the (S020189) (S020191)
the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head Follow these the and loaded. If the as or with to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR the Select NT). Click the Click the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to Select the from the choices the the of the following the instructions the thats least inches to from the and the EPSON the whenever the head Head
Cleaning the To its should Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont or Dont the and or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the
the If to its Follow these Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the the and the the protective that with the that with to the as the the the head and If quality, the head the head To the when the to the the its location. the to the
This section the basics and First to what the of the Then and to and software You the lights, as below, or as Checking the Lights light light light Follow the the when the lights. Its to to www.epson.com and the section to there downloading to cleaning light
The flashes and and the light flashes, supply S020189, S020191). or light to the S020189, S020191). instructions. or and and and the lights flash, internal the as the Then off the seconds, and If the lights flash, or EPSON; information. off the lights off, the these light when the and ready to It flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. the light flashes and both lights Press the to to clear the If that off the and the of the curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Turn the and the to light or incorrectly loaded. of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Press the to and lights flash, and or both of the lights of the head or the from the cartridge(s). Turn off the the cover, and Then the back If light and the head the cartridge(s) as If the lights and/or or EPSON; information. the the turned Turn off the the securely, and the the and switch or If another
You to whether from the or other Follow these to the both the and turned off. the interface from the the the the light to flash, then release The showing its ROM counter, and the shown below. (If the its to the head; To the off the the Then the interface and and If the the software the interface or If the with the and If nothing to or EPSON as then and release the the
If the of the to these right cover thickness
and basic troubleshooting software, quality, feeding or other the or Software The The first the charge its charging finishes (the light turn off the If off the while charging the and than necessary. the completely and that the Turn off the from and to clear the Then it off, and If the or the light flashing off the If the light flashing when back EPSON or Where To the software follow the instructions the turned and the securely connected to the and closed other including Then try the software Reference instructions
with light nothing the the interface connected securely and that the the or as If the and software correctly. If to as Reference The sounds as though it nothing the head clogged. To the head, too the or If high-resolution than the listed. You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the the following: Choose Black include the Quality/Speed to the softwares Advanced MicroWeave off and High If using the ECP/DMA or the instructions. when or while
Quality You the head clogged. To clean the head, the matches the loaded. the of the It usually whiter or the If light flashing, the If than months using or (Macintosh) instructions. the thickness the as shown to the right. the to the when thicker or You to off High the software. You the head clogged. To the head, the Head instructions. the thickness If the thicker or and the thickness to the
or smeared isnt or (the should If of with or try sheet or the Reference the Head instructions. the thickness If the thicker or and smear. the thickness to the as shown or the the head clogged. To the head, the To the matches the loaded. isnt or If of with the usually whiter or than the other
You or the to and the head clogged. To the head, the If light flashing, the If than months If high-resolution off PhotoEnhance. or instructions. and selected software. exactly match on-screen to as as information, Reference You incorrect characters the interface securely connected and that the the or Then selected or as the or the the Chooser. there If there them and then Reference instructions. If switch with the directly to and using higher the Quality/Speed to the Quality software; or the Head instructions. You to increase the or software
with Too the the software and both or If the the Press the to the Then the or software. If when the or too thin. feed the of from the that the Isnt or creased Isnt too Isnt the arrow the Isnt the (If the light the the fits the the Turn off the cover, and the thats including that torn off. If frequently: smooth, high-quality the and then the Dont the arrow the the the right and the once the of from the Then: the isnt too thin. the of the of to the sheets. the as the the
Printout The incorrect the software the Reference instructions. software instructions selecting the The within the of the Specifications Reference information. The or incorrect the and/or options correctly. The inverted, as Turn off the software or the software. (If EPSON Iron-On Cool the should inverted when The selected or as the or the the Chooser. the the software Reference instructions. the head clogged. To clean the head,
Uninstalling Software Double-click then the Double-click Click EPSON Software the then EPSON COLOR Click the and follow the instructions. If the USB EPSON USB Devices the then the software CD-ROM. Then the EPSON CD-ROM and the EPSON You the Click On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall Then the Uninstall the and follow the instructions. Macintosh. Software software, first as USB Follow the plug-and-play software instructions software CD-ROM. Double-click Computer CD-ROM then the EPSON The appears. Click and follow the instructions. software CD-ROM. Then the EPSON CD-ROM and the EPSON You the Click and follow the instructions
Where To If with or its software, the information below. with the creative the software CD-ROM, information. If other software with EPSON the that software technical information. EPSON Technical EPSON technical through services and telephone services hours as the following services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP Automated telephone services Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice SM EPSON FaxAdvice TM EPSON Service If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the to commonly about EPSON products hours Access technical information You to this service. the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer
To to technical U.S.: EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and AM to PM or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON COLOR or Product (located the back of the of the You purchase and from EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please Creative Software Technical If with the creative software the software CD-ROM, please the as below: and ArcSoft PhotoPrinter AM to PM ArcSoft CA
EPSON and to the that earned of its awards! specially to with that when of immediately them. There smearing or and and smooth. of Quality Bright white, with smooth to Perfect and and and of Perfect of snapshots, art, and the EPSON COLOR shown the cover. Quality bright white with the highest-gloss finish. Perfect professional quality, high-resolution photographs of Iron-On Cool and photographs T-shirts or other cloth items. Perfect T-shirts, crafts, and the back cover of EPSON and information.
to EPSON and To EPSON and other or EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please Cartridges Black S020189 S020191 EPSON EPSON S041060 EPSON High Quality S041111 EPSON Quality S041062 EPSON Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 EPSON inches S041134 EPSON A6 inches) S041144-KIT EPSON A6 inches) S041144 EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON S041064 EPSON Quality A4 inches) S041106 EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153/S041155 EPSON Quality S041124 Heavyweight S041257 A4 inches) S041059 A4 inches) S041117 A4 inches) S041061 S041067 inches S041122 S041141 A4 inches) S041140 inches) S041145 A4 inches) S041071 A6 inches) S041107 A4 inches) S041126