color900.book PM EPSON COLOR
written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. Copyright Notice color900.book PM SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON, EPSON and ESC/P and ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SoundAdvice service and PhotoEnhance and EPSON FaxAdvice of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those ESC9001298 Copyright America, Inc. The EPA of or service. NERGY TAR
Introduction technology, photographic to and EPSON COLOR the business graphics, photographs, and With graphics, and color900.book PM brightness, sharpness, and other You The software Microsoft and Apple matching with ColorSync and advanced with of specially and of and high-speed USB (Universal offer the flexibility the With and easy. This chapter information these ENERGY STAR To Introduction Instructions Ready
To and its software with PC, should or NT IBM PC with least or DOS, or NT color900.book PM At least 16MB of RAM (32MB or or 64MB NT recommended) to the D-SUB, and high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 the At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) (2X) CD-ROM [4X] or recommended) the software VGA, VGA, or and USB shielded USB AB interface USB to with from to to the shielded USB improperly than to malfunction. Introduction
To and its software with Macintosh, should DIN recommended; EPSON interface from to to II or USB to shielded USB AB At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) (2X) CD-ROM [4X] or or or At least 16MB of RAM (32MB recommended) USB with or or recommended) the software or One of the following USB only) LC475, LC575, LC630 RGB or F2V024-06) recommended) color900.book PM the shielded USB improperly than to malfunction. Introduction
To and the software, the This the following information: covers the basics of with or Advanced to and distinctive To color900.book PM selecting the right or other and instructions Network to to and while Optional Interfaces instructions to and EPSON boards. Troubleshooting with or software. and Transportation instructions cleaning and the head, and cleaning and the Specifications the technical and EPSON Introduction To right to the section the Index
text that the (cross-reference) to other of this Click the text with the to the referenced information. Notes, and color900.book PM to to to this information throughout Notes information about hints Introduction
with the and office industry to and to reduce the introduction of computers, The EPA Office NERGY TAR caused EPSON that this NERGY TAR the efficiency. NERGY TAR ENERGY STAR color900.book PM EPSON Year Ready. the other of ready the Ready the following instructions to the and effectively: Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or heating or sunlight. Instructions or off using the Dont switch off the light off. the the the Introduction or cover the the or through the
outlets the as or to properly grounded outlets. that switch and off. fiche only the type of indicated the the near where the easily color900.book PM rating of the the rating of the outlet the the cords Also, the If with the the as specifically this to service the yourself. the become or normally or performance. If the or the the or the the those that covered the operating instructions. the and servicing to service the following Introduction the or the
of the If off with and If them immediately with Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the or to them. This to the head. of the reach of color900.book PM the within months the the of them. Leaving the the immediately from its reduced light off. this the the the head the right and the light flashes then the or off the to the the this the off using the Introduction
instructions the this chapter to about: Its easy to with EPSON COLOR First and the software, following the color900.book PM from Applications from from This section about: from with DOS instructions with DOS, the Checking
the and You the (the slightly This section the to Advanced information about advanced and to from Applications color900.book PM with another noted the text or NT Differences from or Click
EPSON COLOR selected, and instead. Then the then the (If or You then the and NT, right-click option information. color900.book PM to Quality/Speed the Click to Click to clicking the to Properties, or the option from the then clicking the then to options You Click information
Click the necessary. Then choose the to from the following Quality QQQQ QQQQ QQQQ QQQQ color900.book PM Quality the To the highest to or of the EPSON If which to choose, Selecting The type of choose the Its to the to of the option to This the of Quality QQQQ or Black QQQQ To or other to the Advanced the to Quality or intermediate This choose from the high or intermediate that with the Quality and Effects instructions. The Quality/Speed types. and Printable Selecting Click the and choose of instructions.
Reduce/Enlarge, and Choosing Click the with and the While appears showing the and the of Checking information. Click OK when finished checking The Click OK the the OK or color900.book PM through the or through software the apply to the To the applications, the If to and them to the or NT the section operating
Select or NT), then the You the following or NT Click to and Right-click the EPSON COLOR color900.book PM the NT You the such as software to Quality/Speed the from the These when the Click to Click to Click information the software as necessary. Then OK to apply
Select EPSON COLOR from the of and You the following Double-click the the group. Double-click the color900.book PM Quality/Speed to the Click to Click information Click to While software reports the the section operating the software as necessary. Then OK to apply or NT Checking
the appears Click to Click to or NT color900.book PM The shows the of and the of You the buttons to or Click to the Click to appears This information whether or to the You the software and and the If information about information. and the instructions.
the EPSON appears color900.book PM This shows the of and the of You the buttons to or If of while the Click to Click to Click to or You the the information.
with to the software each This section the to Advanced information about advanced Follow these to from from color900.book PM from applications. On the templates to another. If with to the and You the and to software that each You Custom Choose and other options as Selecting and OK
the and You the Click to Click to color900.book PM the Quality/Speed to Choose the of and which to Choose the to from the following QQQQ If which to choose, Selecting The type of choose the Its to the Quality QQQQ Quality QQQQ QQQQ QQQQ QQQQ or of the to the highest the Quality EPSON Choose or Black
to of the option to This the of to the Advanced the to Quality or This choose from the with the To or other high or that color900.book PM The Quality/Speed types. and the to and Choosing Click the and Selecting Then OK to to the To background options Background allows to while Background the Quality and Effects instructions. While appears showing the If turned background while and the of If to to the then the and the Click when finished Background the
If turned background EPSON this when to the Checking currently color900.book PM Click to or to To or the or to the to highlight or them. The the of the You the to and Then of the following buttons: to to turned off, the and background to
Advanced the graphics, photographs, or other or brightness, sharpness, EPSON COLOR software. You choose and color900.book PM softwares options of and with This chapter includes the following information: Custom Selecting and Quality and Effects the ColorSync the Selecting Custom Advanced
Access the as from type of Follow these to with Custom easy to types: or software. Custom color900.book PM or from You of the following boxes: Click Custom then to of Click Advanced then to of Click Custom then to of NT Advanced
Choose the to (If which to choose, Selecting Choose the right and following these Click Custom Advanced and then Custom You the of types. Choose or Black color900.book PM with the choose choose. and type. or Corrects and of the and or the and brightness. PhotoEnhance3 NT, or or PhotoEnhance or with Corrects and other with and PhotoEnhance PhotoEnhance3 or with with charts and and the graphics-intensive and highlights. Text/Graph created ICM If ICM to ICM Matching; and only) closely match the rough of text Advanced
with created such as those the World First (such as and to recommended only with Automatically to closely match the information, ColorSync the ColorSync only) color900.book PM On or the and the boxes as Selecting Selecting and Choosing the and to or as using other buttons that finished, OK or If and Choosing Advanced
Quality and Effects Access the as from with effects, the If the or to software. Follow these or software. color900.book PM them whenever group. Then them as Click and then the Advanced Advanced then the More You the Advanced More Click to Quality or from Custom instructions. of these options or other choose NT the Custom Custom type, to Clicking this section If selected type. Advanced
or other choose of these options Click to Quality color900.book PM the from and from Choose the and to following or Normal low-resolution rough Choose of the following Quality options high high the highest-resolution high-resolution Quality The the choose. Advanced
or other that of bright Dithering photographic each with the around Choose of the following Select when text only. color900.book PM Custom the selected based the preselected each type This option selected or the Quality choose and MicroWeave graphic to (light MicroWeave Choose of the following options the of the Advanced selected or the Quality of the choose. fast, bidirectional quality. If to off or the head; the when the High High graphics, and art with and increases memory of with iron-on ironed-on correctly. Head instructions. Advanced
to Click OK ready to to the or There three to the software: color900.book PM Custom to to the graphics, or photographs and other PhotoEnhance3 or Correction to and to the tone or sharpness. The appearance of the section of the Advanced the selected. Advanced
To the and sharpness of PhotoEnhance3 and/or Correction These options PhotoEnhance3 or Correction or software. color900.book PM Advanced section the to this PhotoEnhance3 the The Click then PhotoEnhance3 or as Custom the as from Click the Advanced button. The section of the Advanced appears as shown or from Correction and/or Click to the appear the Click to necessary. photograph. Advanced NT
Select Normal tones, high or old-fashioned photo Turn Correction to and other to Sharpness to the the You these color900.book PM Access the as from You choose from or manually brightness, and CMY or software. Custom Click OK to to the Text/Graph or or type. Click Custom Advanced), then of types, Custom or from Advanced
Click the Advanced The section of the Advanced appears as shown: Not with ICM with NT color900.book PM this Click the Choose of the following the section of The appearance of appears as shown the More charts and and the and the information and graphics-intensive with the of the software photographs. correction accordingly. Photo-realistic highlights. Advanced
If to specify correction the to increase right) or the below: Increases or the the bright or of or Brightness color900.book PM to these to Increases or the amount of the three that the Yellow Click OK to to the or Advanced
and NT only), or ColorSync only), (ICM; and only), To the to them. or software. color900.book PM Advanced You the created ICM If using ICM to ICM and only) match the the Custom of these the as from or from Click Custom Automatically to match the ColorSync the information. ColorSync only) with created such as those the World First (such as and to recommended with Advanced
EPSON COLOR printerto software to the of matching First to Then ColorSync information from each to ColorSync their Every or and technology. The match as closely as ColorSync the color900.book PM Follow these to ColorSync and softwares ColorSync features: the ColorSync Profile the Apple On the Advanced the ColorSync Select from the and then Select and to Click Custom then Advanced the and ColorSync Click the Profile Advanced Profile, choose EPSON This the ColorSync created Dont choose other
graphics-intensive with charts and the relative of from to another. photographs. the relationships as them to within Choose of the following options color900.book PM The selected. the options other types. the that within the of both and Selecting and Click OK to to the to inches and to inches and You the or If or of the with Follow the the section operating Selecting Advanced Selecting
Access the as from or software. Follow these to options the Click the You the Selecting color900.book PM Click to to graphics and reflects graphic to and with Advanced
The with with than the and with the Reduce/Enlarge the Reducing and Creating A3/B Envelope B4 A3 B3 A2 US US C Click the to the of the information. Envelope A6 Envelope DL Envelope C6 A4 B5 A5 color900.book PM If the Reduce/Enlarge to right that with that fits to the of the Normal and to Reducing and If or the of to the of choose the the Dont the of and instructions.) information. Advanced the the The If of and graphics to
If and the first the without to the The graphics to first. Select the of the with the To oriented as shown of the following the options below color900.book PM first, with the of The as as inch as inch as and top This option with and and The Printable the of with of inch To Printable to To the the to inch the the Click the to or or OK to the expanded the as the Printable Advanced
from to inches, and height (length) from such as You You to and them to the the option. This to inches. Follow these to Creating color900.book PM Click the and to the of using the or Click the option. You of the following boxes: Follow the from to the software, then the NT Advanced
field. Then and Height appears the the the To instead of inches, the to characters) the option. finished, The or NT and OK when the field and the the field. Then You the OK color900.book PM of inch and NT, the and (or inches. Click the to or or OK to to the and selected as the You the The the On the the the and the Height and/or Unit as necessary, or or NT Click the or Custom Advanced Click OK when
On the the and Height as necessary. You the Click the Click OK when color900.book PM The and options software the The options and the the Follow the these sections selecting the options: Selecting Choosing and Selecting Advanced
the and You the or software. Follow these to the and Choosing and color900.book PM Click the to the of the Click to options Click to to and reflects graphic Click to Printable options Envelope EPSON Envelope DL Envelope C6 Envelope A6 A4 B5 A5 Advanced If the Creating Custom
options. To oriented as shown of the Select the of the with the following the options below color900.book PM first, with as as as inch inch as of and top the The The Printable the of with of inch To Printable to To the the to inch the the checkbox. and and the expanded the as the Printable which printed, Selecting To of or the instructions. If finished selecting OK to the Then from the to Advanced
This such as You from to inches, and height You to and them to the (length) from to inches. Follow these to Creating Custom color900.book PM the of the and To button. Then the Click the You the following and OK The to the and selected as the the New field, then the If to from inches to Height the and of the and the Click the New and and and buttons appear the Advanced Click OK to to the
Follow these to the and and You the Click the Selecting color900.book PM options information the other the Choosing If and the first the without to the checkbox. The graphics to first. the the The If of and graphics to Click OK to the Advanced
to You options to of and The options reduce or or Follow the the section operating Selecting color900.book PM with options Follow the these sections to options the Choosing Choosing and Reducing and Choosing Advanced
to the of from its softwares Reduce/Enlarge You the the selected or choose to reduce or to selected of its Follow these to reduce or Reducing and color900.book PM that to or reduce the If the selected within the to Follow the from to the then click the Click the and as software. Advanced
the fits the the and OK This the to the the of the the select. If the the than the that selected following color900.book PM The selected reduction and appear the graphic. If to the or further, to If ready to to reduction Advanced
Reduce/Enlarge Click the You the color900.book PM Select Normal to the to Select of the following Reduce/Enlarge selected that than the If and then choose Normal, the to to reduce or the to beneath the to becomes active, necessary; to the the The option the of the the to then the of Advanced Select Custom then to the to field to the amount.
If of the each of options the software. You choose the the the and to each If to and If finished selecting options, OK and and color900.book PM To of of the or Follow the from to the Click the You the Follow these to the Click to Advanced
To the the Then the to from the that appears. If to each with the If the the on-screen graphic printed, to color900.book PM options, Reducing and If finished selecting OK If to and distributed to other of You to each to its or should to of the to letterhead. as first the that To instructions. Follow the from to the Click the You the Follow these to option (as If selected appear each the and Advanced
To the WaterMark WaterMark Then highlight of the following color900.book PM To the or it appears, the You the following To off from the Copy Not Copy Top Priority Click to created Specify to these options Click to graphic selections the Advanced
To created as the You the following color900.book Wednesday, PM With NT, the You to to 15MB Click the You selection to the containing the to the and OK Click to Then type and button, from the the and To the The appears as the selected the and shown the on-screen graphic. the to characters the field. Click the to to the then OK Advanced
the the to appear choosing the following The on-screen graphic to the choose. selects where the to appear Top-Right Right or Bottom-Right the of the or as the color900.book PM the or of the based where the Reducing and If finished OK. If to and and Black or You its choose shown the the displays If graphic. Follow the these sections to options the Choosing the to Option Advanced and
to the of from its softwares to option to to selected or software. Follow these to the to option: the to Option color900.book PM the and You the Click the and the of You On the the the Click OK to the the and to Advanced
Select On to reduce or the to the the The option beneath the to becomes active. to the to Select of the following to color900.book PM Select the the the of the the This the the selected The the reduction or to the selected and appear beneath the graphic. If finished selecting OK Selected If to options, and Advanced and
distributed to other PICT You to each to its or should to of the to of and to color900.book PM PICT as PICT that To first the instructions. the the and the Then To of the below, the arrow with button. the the Copy Copy Top the and Priority If selected option (as appear each and the Advanced
Click the to PICT To created as PICT the You the following color900.book PM PICT to 1MB from to You Click the You selecting to the containing the PICT to the and to the Click the to the The of PICT appears the field and the from the To button, and the The appears as the selected the and shown the graphic. Advanced
the the to appear choosing the following The graphic to the choose. Black or You its choose color900.book PM shown the the displays If graphic. the or of the based where the To the and of the the the graphic. appear the corners of the graphic and the to hand. to the Click and of the Click and anywhere to the Advanced
To the anywhere the graphic and lower-right, or it of these top-center, lower-left. boxes; the to hand. Click and the To the the of the to reduce or the color900.book PM If finished OK to the If and of the option the software. You choose the the each of the and to each If to options, the to Option and and and the and You the You the Click the and to Follow these to the Advanced
To of of or the Click the arrow and color900.book PM If the of the shown the graphic printed, to To the the arrow the Then the to If to each with the checkbox. If finished selecting options, OK If to the to Option and Advanced
software. shows the of the following software You of with the such as to and the color900.book PM the and You the such as and Printable Click the and to Follow these to Preview: The to the Advanced The to the Click the
and Click the button. You the color900.book PM buttons to back or The first the first of To or the field. or the the buttons To To the and to to the reduced to the Click To the of the preview, the following buttons: to the with the Click to Click boxes the the and Advanced
You to of the as group. Then them the then the Advanced as Quality and Effects Custom color900.book PM the as from then Advanced Click the You this to characters) and the Click OK to the Advanced with Advanced
To or Revising Custom or Custom selected group. (On the To the Custom Advanced) Then the Custom and the selected.) color900.book PM To the options the follow these Click the Advanced More and the Advanced) Then the of the to the Custom From the Custom Revising Custom If rather characters) and group, type to OK to the More and then finished the the the of the revising the Custom (On Macintosh, selected.) Advanced
to (Click On the Then the to If Click OK the to revised (Click to color900.book PM From the then the Advanced Advanced then the Click the Advanced Select the the Custom and Then OK to the only). Custom of the You types. Advanced
to You EPSON COLOR about of of and with specially coated color900.book PM of EPSON from to iron-on the cards, and photo This chapter covers the following: Selecting Loading and
and software. The or other to choose the below the EPSON and the each Selecting color900.book PM Quality S041111 S041117 A4 inches) EPSON High Quality S041060 S041059 A4 inches) EPSON S041153/S041155 EPSON Iron-On Cool S041062 S041061 S041067 A4 inches) EPSON Quality S041106 A4 inches) EPSON Quality S041054 S041122 A6 inches) inches EPSON Quality Cards S041134 S041141 S041104 S041145 A4 inches) inches EPSON
Quality S041144-KIT S041144 S041072 S041071 S041107 A4 inches) A6 inches) EPSON Quality A6 inches) A6 inches) color900.book PM EPSON EPSON (CD-ROM and only) EPSON (U.S. only). To EPSON and other or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please S041064 S041063 A4 inches) EPSON
factors the of printed The following The type of or other of the the type of or other sheets the and the Loading and color900.book PM they included with the cleaning Dont to the (whiter or of the the cover the of with these sheets to the protective If the protective the sheets of to the and to the arrow the to their as as within of purchase. and within months. and information.
and thick the thickness to Then the cover and the when the or as shown below. cover and the the to the smears when other thick color900.book PM instructions. the following sections information about: Preprinted Forms, and EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool
the top first. the Select as the and to choose and both of the software. Preprinted Forms, and color900.book PM shown. the the to the thickness to the as other the first the right and the and You to as shown. thick, or each If the of than 0.4-inch Select as the and the software. choose the as the
as as the from processing. EPSON You EPSON to photographs that You to sheets of 6-inch, or or of beneath the included the EPSON color900.book PM or other airtight covering and them from heat, humidity, and sunlight. to the as To their them as Then of and If the its top while the the following when using EPSON the with the whiter facing to as from the the to the Select as the and the
Reduce/Enlarge as Reducing and the software, to inches. You softwares If 6-inch follow these color900.book PM perforated around the to the of the paperon the photo EPSON 6-inch and as the as the as the Printable Choose these software
the the right with the facing and the perforated as shown: color900.book PM You to of the included and beneath the them. the the of the the back and forth the perforations and tear the off.
EPSON Quality Cards and the the the right the cards. the of the cards. You to the included color900.book PM thickness to the as shown and the option the ready to the to Quality If smears the cards, the EPSON Select as the the the included or beneath the You to software. them. the to Quality these to or You to their the software. EPSON Quality
If to top and You With loaded, the top inches with the or beneath the to sheets of and Quality as the EPSON Quality color900.book Wednesday, PM If corner, the as shown the software corner. of the the when with It to each from the output immediately printed. each
these sheets of to cards, or other items. to that photo such as of to sheets and that with the beneath the EPSON color900.book PM A6 as the the software. Select Quality as the and You or these and then T-shirts or other cloth items. sheet of and as the EPSON Iron-On Cool follow the instructions that with the to the the or other includes correctly when You itespecially the option software to this Quality and Effects instructions).
software includes You them to and the or to color900.book PM and This chapter instructions the following: NT
software offers three to and or off and other options using the the You the which appears each as the and NT color900.book PM other options. or know service to to workstations include finished. If or when NT NT from the and with NT), which displays each as the The appears the the of the and and which of as the of to the
the appears Click to Click to the color900.book PM The shows the of and the of You the buttons to or Click to the Click to appears This information whether or to the You the software and and the If information about information. and the instructions.
To the software from the as below. You whether or the appears when the Click to then the color900.book PM and or Right-click the EPSON COLOR and NT) from the Click the You the through The when through the You the Utility, as software only
Select whether the to appear or Click the You this color900.book PM Click OK to the and to the Then OK to software. information about other options the
The with NT) displays the of and them. To while the EPSON COLOR that appears the the of the You the the color900.book PM Command To or the to highlight then the the of the
If of Follow these to and Click the EPSON COLOR the Click Click the color900.book PM background and monitored. information about and Follow the instructions these sections to and You turned when and connected bidirectional directly to the Turning On Background Preferences
to the three shows that currently or to the information. about the troubleshooting and information information. color900.book PM reports and other as they Preferences information. To or to of its first Follow these turned the You and EPSON Click to the
turned and then as The appears. Background or (to appears the the right-hand of Then from (to background background right The From the Background To background follow these Turning On Background color900.book PM If to off and then follow background Stop To the the Background The of the as the The You the to the Preferences Follow these If already background as Turning On Background Click EPSON COLOR the Preferences and turned to the Background Background
the of the which to Preferences from the You the Preferences Preferences from the (You right-click the the and Preferences or Click the color900.book PM appear to to appear This the If the however, shorter to slowly. the Select and when to when the and/or when while selected or off the background Turn appear when the selected turn when the appears Turn or of the options to the If the the appears whenever or Click the this
Once background and there to the the right of Double-click the the color900.book PM and Count title and Click to the and EPSON the If another EPSON software other EPSON with the EPSON If than EPSON the COLOR appear The of to appears
that to To this, the If than EPSON to them the option the To to from the the and from the You the appearance of items the the options or the If them the clicking or Count the title color900.book PM selecting the the You the of the clicking the Select background and to or as the and Other options the the You when and the to of Preferences instructions.
The of the the Background The and the as follows: the Ready to color900.book PM disconnected from or turned off or and/or or occurred and/or
the or the If currently the the the You the the of the whether or currently the color900.book PM or from the and the Then the You the The and troubleshooting If currently software, the then the EPSON You as If appear troubleshooting appear If of this to instructions graphic to the below)
The graphic the and information: isnt correctly Ready to Condition Graphic color900.book PM Black Another type of occurred occurred The cleaning the head or charging the
amount of These graphics the To the amount of the color900.book PM (The Information information the To information the to the with NT). There to the Right-click the the and from the Click the the to highlight and or from the the to the to and the Both allow The information.
You the color900.book PM You or the as and the software to from the To or or from the highlight Then or from To or first the to the Information currently or to appears
To the background and the Turning On Background The of the the the type of as the and Preferences instructions. the color900.book PM Click to the the highlight then to the Click the to information
You the software options the You the EPSON such To the software from the as below. color900.book PM Right-click the EPSON COLOR and and or NT) from the Click to then Click the You the through The when through the You the Utility, as software only
Click the You this Not with NT color900.book PM You this If than
instead of the You EPSON with NT the of EPSON of these beneath the EPSON option: High of of the high using as cache. If Select the following options: color900.book PM that DMA technical instructions or higher rates, DMA DMA them. High (DMA) that already using DMA If DMA Click OK to the and to the Then OK to software.
and to to If using that It allows to the background while to The when to the the the section software includes the and color900.book PM It displays to information. The when to the the assigns to The software then the to to software temporary it the C:\TEMP or C:\WINDOWS\TEMP directory, and The the the right the To while the EPSON the of You double-clicking the the EPSON group. To of the following: the or You the the to the
You the color900.book PM The displays the of and them. You of the and the directory. Click the information. If of Follow these to and the as the the and Then and Click
directory where to C:\SPLTEMP. the as the If while or directory. the Directory color900.book PM the directory to the created this Then OK the the directory to the created Then OK EPSON COLOR selected, and then choose from the The appears. Directory from the
If background when to the It while to track that to printed, and and You or and It includes software includes options. color900.book PM The to of and where Selecting The the You background options as Background
the memory as To this to turn background and increase You the (however, background and The to while to and or them. color900.book PM the and the Memory to or 3000K, Then choose Info from To increase the memory EPSON the RAM. the Chooser from the Apple and the SC Then the Background On and the Chooser. or to You to memory, information. OS software; You background while Background instructions.
the EPSON with color900.book PM the right of the If the appear, from the EPSON the and The the of the To or the or to the to highlight Then of the following buttons: Click to or to turned off, pressing the and background to to to
If to the of or to the arrow the of the The Priority becomes active. color900.book PM selected the highlighted Show/Hide arrow Priority and the from If the EPSON and the to release the the the ready to release the Normal the Click the whose to Then the and of the following Normal the the the the and to the then OK clicking
Choose or from the You You the to the of Follow these You the Click the the color900.book PM about these information and Transportation
amount of the and displays the Click the EPSON The software the color900.book Wednesday, PM Click to the To the click the To the OK
warning and temporary the You the the to and Follow these Choose or from the You Selecting color900.book PM Click the You the You the Click the of and Select to Click to to the and/or the Click to Select where
whether to and text or text created when to the Click the Select Temporary and Temporary High the that the temporary and high to the from the shown. Warning choose whether and text or text only. Select from the following color900.book PM Warning allowing to serious and such as to Click the to software to Click the the to software to finishing OK to to the
background software Background the following other while the background. Background the the Turn background or off color900.book PM background Chooser. You or off the the and You the Background You the following Click the and to the the Follow these background Not turned off To background or off, the On or
to the the and the to the right To the of to of the following: Normal to the the to Normal color900.book PM Click OK to and to the (Click to and return.) If selected or spooled, the the specified or released EPSON release it EPSON to the the ready to Click to
Network as the following color900.book PM the connected to the the shared If or and other to the connected to to: to the each and to directly to To without as as shared This section software the that the the following the the instructions. Follow these to connected directly to with other Click to then the Network Click the and Sharing Double-click Network
Select the to to allow others to to printer(s) and OK color900.book PM Right the EPSON COLOR then the the the Network OK Click Shared information as then OK the CD-ROM the CD-ROM CD-ROM appears, or the then follow the the If appears Then with to If Network
Click the then to specify the to the Right-click the EPSON COLOR and choose Click the color900.book PM applications, the instead of as its To from DOS the then Select the then OK. as path. Select to the OK Network
to the as shared the to which the connected. Then, the to the from each to the and the software those computers. This section to that other the NT color900.book PM This section written only. If would to and users Follow these to that connected directly to with others Select then the as Shared Click to and Network
Click Shared and the color900.book PM from choose the On each from which to the to and To from another the follow these Accessing the Through Network Click OK directly connected to which as another the from Network Double-click the
then Next Click Network color900.book PM directly to the Double-click the of Then the the that Click OK and follow the on-screen instructions. to with the Network
This section to the that following the instructions the Then, to the software those computers, the the Chooser. color900.book PM This section written users only. the Chooser from the Apple and Selecting the the Chooser the to of the If selected appears connected to the the right. Click the assigned to the EPSON COLOR Turn background buttons to Click the Background or off. the Chooser. Network
Optional Interfaces interfaces. You to PC or Macintosh, or both the If to to another or to EPSON COLOR includes and USB of the following EPSON interface boards color900.book PM of interface PC C823071 32KB PC C823151 PC C823141 C80310* 32KB C82345* (U.S. only). To interface board, or EPSON www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). C823622 Ethernet C823632 Ethernet Macintosh/PC C823642 Ethernet C823121 LocalTalk Optional Interfaces
This chapter to and EPSON interface boards the following Interface Boards Optional Interfaces PC Interface Boards color900.book PM instructions that with the board and parity. You to the boards and other to information about matching the boards to the interface follow the PC Interface Boards and the the the to The Ethernet included the EPSON If the Ethernet board connected to thin (10BASE2) Ethernet board, the Connector (DIN-8 Attach to the interface the and the other to the If to the board, Interface Optional Interfaces
and the the the to The Ethernet included the EPSON If the Ethernet connected to thin (10BASE2) Ethernet board, the the Then the the boxes. information, the instructions that with the color900.book PM optional interface board the turned off and the lights off. Then follow these interface from the the from the Optional Interfaces to connected To the interface when the or (cross-head) interface cover; then off both screws; to the cover. to screwdriver to the screws the them the cover. Optional Interfaces
interface boards If JG, switches and the board as the that to ON or the properly. the both of the boards the to the the interface internal color900.book Wednesday, PM and to If the grounding wire, to of the screws the interface. the interface to the interface the interface the with the screws included with the board. If using than the other interface as the the interface through interface board, to the I/F (interface) with DOS internal Then the interface cover and screws the screws the and of the To the interface board, follow and this section. the turned off. Then the cord. Optional Interfaces
and Transportation Its easy to EPSON COLOR its follow the instructions this chapter color900.book PM Cartridge Cleaning the Head Transporting the the Head Cleaning the and Transportation
Cleaning the head You the head of the following from the to the head. This the If unexpectedly light or or they properly. Cleaning the Head color900.book PM Its to least If once month to the finished cleaning the head. the Head Cleaning software (when connected to the the Head Cleaning and Access the as from Click the or the the and both the On the the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning utility: and or from lights off. cleaning they the Dont and Transportation
Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning which the and the or Confirmation Then Next The the and the light flashing, to the and the cleaning light flashes. the color900.book PM or than hasnt the off the while the light If the Clean to another cleaning If cleaning or three the Quality If the the Cleaning which the cleaning and three seconds. and the the turned and and that both the lights off. Follow these to the head: light flashes. and Press the and Transportation
If using DOS or and containing and Then to and the as from or from If connected directly to the to light flashing, to the and the cleaning the color900.book PM or than hasnt flashing, the off the while the light (Macintosh). You Click the or the the then Next The the and the the If the completely, If the Clean to another cleaning If cleaning or three the Troubleshooting and Transportation
the It should something this, with the and yellow: the color900.book PM with the If If and straight should as shown below, the head Cleaning the Head instructions. and Transportation
This to the light the and to light flashes, the indicated these EPSON within months of them and the the Cartridge or the color900.book PM If to the lights the too follow the instructions (U.S. only). or EPSON www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please Black T003011 T005011 them. Other products covered EPSON to To and warranty. Outdated Cartridge and Transportation
flashing or (If these when both lights light off, the cleans the heads, as Cleaning the and Cartridges or Follow these to You when the Head color900.book PM the yellow of the top as shown below. Dont off the or try to the clear the You the top of the or the clear permanently the from the from the of the from its the the turned and then the cover. and Transportation
head to the or light flashing. The which empty. cleaning and about three seconds the head and the the The from its or Dont the Once cant with to Press the color900.book PM the head To the hand. and Transportation
the its with the facing and the back of the Then the the of the and of color900.book PM thoroughly with and If them If them immediately with If to the other through to The the head and charging the The light flashes, and the sounds. Charging about finished, the cleaning and the cover. light flashing and Press the or than hasnt flashing, the off the light while the and Transportation
If than months to as they to. If cleaning and You that as the head, or both or Follow these to the Outdated Cartridge light flashing or color900.book PM only the of the top as shown below. Dont off the or try to the clear the You the top of the or the clear permanently the from the from the of the from its the the turned and then the cover. and Transportation
and three seconds the head to the and the the The from its the head to the If to the the light flashing. Press the color900.book PM the head To the hand. or Dont the Once to cant it with and Transportation
the its with the facing and the back of the the of the and of color900.book PM and If thoroughly with them If them immediately with The head to the If to the through Then with Press the Press the light flashing and The the head and charging the The light flashes and the sounds. and the cover. Charging about finished, the Press the hasnt flashing, the or off the while the light than and Transportation
software. connected If or Macintosh, the Head to to this If to the head. the Head color900.book PM and This thats the from least inches If DOS, the DOS Head or the turned and loaded. the Head and the Follow these whenever the EPSON the the head Follow the instructions the to and the (Macintosh). You Click the or the the Access the as from or from Click the Head and Transportation
or using the D:\SETUP the DOS (If CD-ROM the to the head the Then and follow the the software CD-ROM CD-ROM the DOS Head Follow these color900.book PM You this DOS; this from within the type C:\EPCALIB2 (where C Then The following appears: EPSON COLOR selected. Click Next then follow the the to the head. and Transportation
to the Then release both buttons. If the head that with follow these to the head: that the cleaning the the While holding the color900.book PM The of instructions English, Spanish, and to the heads. Follow these instructions. the head, off the to head light flashes about three seconds. While flashing, the The If the the and the off If this to and Transportation
To its should following these Turn off the the and the the from the Cleaning the color900.book PM Dont the the Clean of the with cloth. Clean the of the with cloth. Dont the they the or thinner cleaning; and Dont or Dont or the they included with the cleaning Dont and Transportation
the from the Then the interface from the Turn the and the head the right Then off the If to its Follow these Transporting the color900.book PM the the to the with as shown below, then the cover. from the and the the its to the location. the To when the to the as If the the head protective that with the that Repack the and the the with the and the Cleaning the Head the head and Transportation the Head
Troubleshooting or following the this chapter. Then the other The first thing should the the fixed. color900.book PM Software This chapter includes the following: Quality Printout Uninstalling Software Fixing Where To Troubleshooting
If the of the to the following right color900.book PM thickness Troubleshooting
To the the lights; To whether the caused the or other instructions. There of to Checking the Lights color900.book PM If of the this chapter to and then software, Uninstalling Software instructions. with to ID If about or Confirming the ID troubleshooting information, the and the EPSON or If of the this chapter EPSON or Where To Troubleshooting
light Checking the Lights light light color900.book PM cleaning light The light when the and ready to The such as cleaning the head. light flashes when the or light flashes, supply The four lights the and to or Troubleshooting light to the Cartridge instructions.
to of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. the the right and the to the Then the back and the (including torn off the light flashes, Turn off the loaded. the right and the the light or incorrectly to the Then the color900.book PM the lights flash, internal Turn off the the If this clear the or the seconds; then the EPSON as Where To and lights of the head. Turn off the the lights and the and the If this clear the or EPSON as seconds; then Where To Turn off the the securely, and the the outlet switch or and the turned the lights off, the these Troubleshooting
You to whether the from the or other Follow these both the and turned off. Disconnect the interface from the the color900.book PM holding the The containing the ROM counter and the shown below: the then and release the light to flash, then release the Troubleshooting
If the correctly, with Cleaning the Head Then the this chapter If the satisfactory, the software or the interface or To the turn off the Then the interface and turn and color900.book PM If this information automatically. appears prompting to or the to the ID manually. Follow these the and Option Information to the ID. If or NT, the ID Confirming the ID Click the The the ID of Click the Then the and Option Information Access the as from Troubleshooting
the ID shown the and Option Information matches the ID the If they match, the ID the to match those the Click OK to and Quality color900.book PM higher Selecting Clean the head following the instructions Cleaning the other the Match the the software to the type of the Then the software You often of the following: of EPSON Head lights, then the necessary, as from Applications from or Turn off High the software, as Quality and Effects Quality and Effects or the of the Troubleshooting Cartridge
If the Head the Head instructions) or off High the following to The color900.book PM the matches the the and with the (whiter) Loading and instructions. from Applications or from instructions. Clean the head. Cleaning the Head instructions. clogged. The head match the The The of the the thickness to the and lights to which to Cartridge instructions. Select as the to the expanded Selecting and Loading and information. and the The Printable The turned The thickness the Troubleshooting
the and with the (whiter) Loading and instructions. Clean the head. Cleaning the Head instructions. The head clogged. or appears color900.book PM The of the the thickness to the and try the Head Cleaning the Head instructions. The head Turn off the High turned The High Quality and Effects information. Loading and The thickness the the to from Applications or from instructions. The option to the matches the from Applications or from instructions. The incorrect or match the The Troubleshooting the and with the (whiter) Loading and instructions. The of the
the the following the instructions Quality and Effects and the or type. color900.book PM The ICM incorrect and or options The and incorrectly type. or ColorSync the information. Clean the head. Cleaning the Head instructions. clogged. The head lights to which to Cartridge instructions. and the The or or empty. Troubleshooting
and to or ColorSync to as the ICM and only), exactly match the match as Custom information. color900.book PM The match the You to software. software information. Clean the head. Cleaning the Head instructions. The head clogged. The or software incorrect. The the matches the lights to which to Cartridge instructions. the and with the Loading and instructions. or dirty. The from Applications or from instructions. and the The match the The Troubleshooting
Select and the software. selected. Select and software and white color900.book PM selected the thicker and Loading and the thickness to the to the and with the Loading and instructions. or dirty. The The or smeared The thickness the or the specifications If the heads as Cleaning the Head and the that sheets. the and with the Loading and instructions. Follow the instructions Loading and The or the You to or other You without Troubleshooting
Clean the to Cleaning the the Turn off High Quality and Effects Then the Head as the the matches the from Applications and from instructions. instructions. color900.book PM match the The to the PhotoEnhance3 (PhotoEnhance and Sharpness You increase the using If photographic or rough, the image-editing software, or the of the too The of Head using the High head. with Troubleshooting
light flashing. The outlet thats switch or If the first that: The turned and the the color900.book PM The interface securely to the and and both The the or If cant the following lights off the outlet switch or and Turn off the and the securely. the turned another these The Troubleshooting
instructions. If cleaning the Clean the head Cleaning the Head instructions, Cartridge The sounds as though nothing color900.book PM or the The head too or the and as the or Loading and Then the light and the If flashing, to off the light flashing or If there the or the incorrectly. The You to the indicated then Cartridge instructions. If flashing, the You the indicated If the empty. light flashing or Cartridge instructions. or Troubleshooting
Turn off the and the interface and as The internal the the specifications, as Turn off and Then the securely. The interface disconnected. or light nothing color900.book PM the to network as If successfully, and software correctly. If Network other including and Select or the of memory to protections the following: The software or software incorrectly. enough memory to the NT to the EPSON Select EPSON then EPSON On Macintosh, and the Uninstall and follow the on-screen instructions. Troubleshooting or the EPSON and and then
lights Turn off the seconds, and back to and If the lights flashing and If ejected, off the the EPSON as Where To and lights flashing and the color900.book PM of the head. and The the following the instructions the Turn off seconds, and If the lights or EPSON as Where To internal occurred. the lights flashing You from the the light flashing Press the to isnt locked. The The finished the the Troubleshooting the following the instructions the the
flashing when back EPSON or light flashing passed, the off. If the light than EPSON or Where To light to Turn the and off. Disconnect the from the Turn the If the If the or the The to Where To color900.book PM from the The Troubleshooting
If with software, first that selected as the or as the the Chooser. If with software, the following If to the software, Uninstalling Software color900.book PM Click and then OK other option the New While software, New The software correctly operating Software Uninstall the software or as Software Then as the software correctly the operating Troubleshooting
the directory, following the instructions You color900.book PM caused temporary or only). other applications, including and protections Select or to the the of the following: enough memory the If that off background the Chooser or software; Background instructions. You to turning off background EPSON selected and increase the memory Choose Info from the when the active or information. memory to You memory (Macintosh) the memory You to increase EPSON or both. Troubleshooting
Click the and to Then to or The appear color900.book PM You connected to with Right-click the EPSON COLOR and Then and Follow these to Click the this to Click OK then the and Turning On Background instructions.) off background Then back when finished Click the then the Troubleshooting
the the following: Choose Black and Quality to Turn High color900.book PM too software options incorrectly. Choose Info from the when the active or EPSON selected and increase the memory information. Clear or and Advanced information. Dont too the Increase memory (RAM). Turn off memory. enough background Macintosh. software; Background If that off background the Chooser or instructions. You to turning off background them to If ECP or Enhanced and/or DMA ECP and/or DMA or Enhanced Troubleshooting
II using switches to the or the (Macintosh) appear the Chooser information. color900.book PM GX the EPSON and SC and then conflicts. Highlight the and Info from the then increase the memory to the cant Not enough memory allocated to the Software Then, the GX, EPSON and SC and and the software as Uninstalling The software corrupted. The SC used appears Troubleshooting
whenever to software, cant ScanDisk Turning On Background You NT network color900.book PM ScanDisk active. You You to and Select NT instructions the and the to the DOS Then the and path. correctly as Troubleshooting
smooth, high-quality that the specifications the of to the sheets Follow and instructions included with the To Fixing color900.book PM If with the following the with the as the or Loading and or Selecting and instructions. the with. the specifications thicknesses with, as as the or software. to the Then Press the If when the or too thin. If the the Troubleshooting
Isnt too Loading and or information). Isnt or creased. that the Then this this color900.book PM from the the of feed the to the light flashing, Then the as Loading and Isnt the arrow the Isnt the (If the the the the right and the to the of the as the and Selecting Dont the arrow the If frequently, smooth, high-quality the and then the Then this this the thats from the front of the rather than from the that Turn off the cover, and the including torn off. If Troubleshooting
the isnt too thin the from the the of the as the and the of the of to the sheets. Loading and the Then this this color900.book PM Selecting and If too of or the both the software and information. the the of the Troubleshooting
Select or as the or instructions. If what expected, these Printout Characters incorrect or color900.book PM or as the selected Select the Chooser as the the Chooser. selected the NT to the EPSON Select EPSON then EPSON Uninstall and follow the on-screen instructions. On or the EPSON and and then and Troubleshooting the the as Turn off and Then the securely. or The interface securely connected.
using VGA or instructions If or to correct, with the the directly to and using switch with color900.book PM conflicting with the EPSON the within the software instructions selecting the of the information. Printable Selecting Select the the The incorrect the software incorrect software incorrectly Margins the and the the Selecting and and and information. The or incorrect options The and/or incorrectly. Troubleshooting instructions. the and software.
Turn off the or software or the software. Quality and option. You of (Macintosh) The inverted, as Effects information. color900.book PM other and off background as Background EPSON selected and increase the memory Choose from the when the active or Info information. enough memory. the memory You to increase EPSON or both. software; Background If that off background the Chooser or instructions.You to Troubleshooting
as the or instructions. the Chooser; instructions. The color900.book PM or as the Chooser. selected or the Printable Selecting Select the the and and information. Clean the head following the instructions Cleaning the clogged. The head Head the software incorrect Troubleshooting
If to and software, follow the this section operating and NT Instructions Uninstalling Software Instructions Instructions color900.book PM To the software, EPSON Software the Double-click the then the and NT Instructions Double-click NT or If and software and then then the follow through selecting EPSON to turn off background Then the bottom-right of the and If to also. the to right-click the Click the and then follow the instructions the and USB EPSON USB with then the software. If Troubleshooting
through selecting EPSON USB the the EPSON USB Software also. Follow If using with USB to To software, the color900.book PM Select EPSON COLOR the and the Double-click the then the To software, the Instructions Double-click Troubleshooting
Click the arrow the showing and EPSON Double-click the At the software CD-ROM. Instructions color900.book PM the software the then Macintosh. to Click the the of the To software, the Troubleshooting
EPSON technical through services and telephone services hours The following the information: Where To color900.book PM services If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON FTP You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. to EPSON Download Service From the reach World Access Service of CompuServe type GO EPSON the CompuServe membership, and to reach the America introductory EPSON CompuServe Troubleshooting
You to this technical information service. EPSON FaxAdvice TM to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON SoundAdvice SM Access Service color900.book PM Automated services To to technical (U.S.) or to through AM PM and to or charges AM PM apply. the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer EPSON Service (U.S. only). You purchase and from EPSON www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please please the following information ready: Product (located the back of the of the Product EPSON that software the technical software with If another information. Troubleshooting
Specifications color900.book PM ESC/P and graphics EPSON and IBM X24E yellow) Bidirectional with 256KB international character and character Character and graphics character Character Specifications
to to to inch to Thickness type distributed and EPSON inches) inches) inches) inches) A4 A5 B5 sheets color900.book PM and distributed EPSON distributed EPSON A6 inches) A4 only) and inches, inches) A4 distributed EPSON A6 with Specifications
Thickness type cool distributed sheets and EPSON inches; only) iron-on cool A4 color900.book PM cool sheets and to to to inch to bond, or inches inches inches inches DL C6 and distributed EPSON A6 only) inches Cards Specifications
to F to C) these Humidity: to RH color900.book PM the of or type of the EPSON Since the of or type of of purchasing or and sheets these to F to C) Humidity: to RH reduce and and other If switch to higher of or or Specifications
BR C1 BL BR BL color900.book PM of EPSON Quality the The top inch top inches inch other and C6 inches inch and inch DL The right BR The inch BL sheets and C1 the sheet first first. C2 The inch using the C1 using the the The to inch the expanded reduced. C2 Specifications
(A4, coverage (T005011) Black (T003011) and Black Color(s) coverage (A4, ISO/IEC capacity* color900.book PM Cartridges years from and to within months C F) Cartridge F C) F C) to C to F) hours F C) month F C) to F to C) month F C) (W) (D) (H) (W) 2.7(D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) (W) (D) (H) inches To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. The capacity often the head and the The thaws and hours F C). Specifications the the
sheets of Sheet Friction with rear feed color900.book PM Mechanical without the inches inches Height: inches Depth: Width: inches inches inches Depth: Width: to to Rated to to Rated Specifications IT with Phase to Phase (ISO
hours F C) to F to C) to F to C) month F C) to F to C) color900.book PM to RH (without to RH UL with D3, CSA FCC EMC Specifications
IEEE-1284 STROBE Synchronization Specification interface color900.book PM Interfaces Amphenol or Amphenol or Connector BUSY and ACKNLG IEEE-1284 TTL to the IEEE-1284 Synchronization to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 Specifications
X-ON/X-OFF and DTR Approximately Based RS-423 Synchronous Synchronization color900.book PM interface II (preferably brand) Recommended Parity Stop Word Connector USB interface Revision Class Based Specifications Definition Devices USB Specification NRZI Specifications Recommended