EPSON CPD-8407
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION and its or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EFI, the EFI and the U.S. of Inc. of Apple Computer, Inc. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation the United States of America and other countries. The ENERGY STAR EPA of or service. Notice: Other and of their respective Copyright Inc. CPD-8407
SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, Representative: EPSON EUROPE B.V. Prof. J. H. AT The Declares that the Product: Product G740A Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN EN AC EU-20) EN AC EU-20) IEC IEC IEC January, H. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. Declaration of Conformity According to ISO/IEC and EN
This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver; the to outlet from that to which the connected; the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 FCC United States WARNING
Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: B2-11 responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: EPSON G740A Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and
Introduction Features. Instructions ENERGY STAR Where to Chapter the Connecting the to Computer. the Software the EPSON Creating Profile Profile
Chapter to Another the ICC to the chart Measuring the chart and the chart to ICC the ICC Profile
Introduction The EPSON EPSON or to its originally creating and then EPSON RS-5000 RIP or EPSON RS-5100 X2 RIP, the You to match ICC This the earliest The only to ICC that based JapanColor, SWOP, or EURO Introduction
Instructions these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions this the AC cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heat the the type of indicated the AC to properly grounded outlets. using outlets the as or that switch and off. the become or If with the AC the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the to service the products yourself. the AC and servicing to service the following If the or the AC the AC or the the AC normally or performance. that covered the operating instructions.) Introduction
If to the AC Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and protection this AC the building protected users: AC A- NERGY TAR The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and AC to reduce NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. Introduction
this that the following Microsoft or NT (higher recommended), and (higher recommended) CPU: or higher Memory: MB RAM MB recommended) MB or free Introduction and tone to the of including the and software. the those products
Apple with or (higher recommended) and (higher recommended) CPU: Memory: MB MB Where to EPSON technical and information the and of professional graphics arts products through the EPSON Protection A.M. to P.M through and A.M. to P.M. and Unit ID which included with the EPSON Preferred Protection information that with and tone reproduction to the of including the and software. the those products Introduction
Introduction
DC the
To to to then the software. the software, the RS-5000 or RS-5100 software RIP instructions. The this from both and and slightly from what appears
Connecting the to Follow the below to the to turned off. If using PC, the to the as shown below. Then the to of and the screws to the
If the to the to the back of the as shown below:
the DC to the AC the AC properly grounded Press the the top of the The of the flashes light the properly to If the light, the outlet properly. You ready to the software. the section instructions.
the Software Follow the below to the software: Turn the software CD-ROM included with the and follow the on-screen instructions. Although the software when the connected to cant the software the connected.
Chapter to EPSON the following the the first the or repaired the of inactivity process. to follow the instructions this chapter the they appear.
the EPSON Measure the included to Follow the below: Double-click the EPSON Double-click the The following appears: To the The following appears:
the included with Then the of the the the the and the
Click the or the the top of the to the the light or as this the the the the to Please white the the white to the the white the Without closing the ColorWise to the section.
Sheet coated or recommended the EPSON Follow these If necessary, the ColorWise The location and type of that to to the where it and operating If the the who it or to EPSON RS-5000 or RS-5100 the that appears, the of the to then the Select The following appears:
Click the button. The following appears: EPSON selected the Select Then type from the You choose from the following types: PQ PQ EPSON EPSON EPSON Publication Click the
Choose the and (or Source) then the to the Following of the from EPSON or
Creating Profile To the the section. as the EPSON then follow the below: the the section with the included least to Select the EPSON clicking with the of the the of the the and the
Click the or the the top of the to the the light or daylight; otherwise the and every of the measured, then You cant the every measured. the and then You this to the section instructions.
Profile To the the section, follow the below: the ColorWise The location and type of that to to the where and operating If the the who or to EPSON RS-5000 or RS-5100 the that appears, the of the to then the Select The following appears:
Click the The following appears: Click the From Select the the section, then the appears that the successfully. Click OK Click Apply to the If to the the warning appears. Click OK to the factory
to Another the ICC Profile To RS-5000 or RS-5100 to the to from EPSON of the charts. the instructions below. If to of chart from rather than the chart, chart to ICC to the chart First to the chart from Then the and white Follow these chart of the with These the Chart of EPSON and chart.tif and to the chart the type of as that of to Another
EPSON Profile You the following: Select the ICC that from the Profile If the the the that matches location: SWOP North/South America EURO Chart Then the Measure Chart You the following to Another
Click the the with the of the the the and the Click the or the the top of the to the the light or as this the the the the to Please white the the white to the the white the ready to the chart. the section instructions. to Another
Measuring the chart and the Follow these to the process: the of the chart from with the included Select the EPSON Profile clicking the of the the of the chart. the and the Click the or the the top of the to the the chart light or sunlight as this the and of the chart measured, then the button, or You cant the the the and to Another
the the shown the Click the Profile to and the as indicated below. users: C:\WINDOWS\SYSTEM\Color the of C. users: Profiles Folder\System\Preferences\ColorSync Profiles to Another appears
If the updated correctly, the chart appears. Click OK You ready to apply Applying the ICC chart to ICC You ICC using from of chart. The of the chart the following The chart the type of as the The chart measured the chart follow the below: EPSON Profile Choose Custom Chart to Another
The following appears: of and the chart, to information about the chart this the of and chart. If there four or type the each the as shown below. If than choose four of each the Apply Follow the to the chart from Then follow the Measuring the chart and the to Another
Applying the ICC Profile Follow the below to the ColorWise The location and type of that to to the where and operating If the the who or EPSON RS-5000 or RS-5100 the that appears, the of the to then the Select The following appears: Click the Profile The following appears: to Another
Click the of the the Click the the of the Profile appears that successfully. Click OK appears the right Click the of the right The arrows to Another
Click the Profile the right The Profile appears: Select Appear as then choose from SIMULATION-1 to SIMULATION-10 and Apply If the already assigned to another appears to command. Click OK then to Profile ColorWise further this to Another