CPD-6967
To EPSON and To EPSON and other or EPSON (U.S. only). please the EPSON and EPSON S041060 A4 S041059 EPSON High Quality S041111 A4 S041117 EPSON Quality S041062 A4 S041061 S041067 EPSON Quality S041124 A4 S041126 EPSON Quality S041072 A4 S041071 A6 inches) S041107 EPSON S041134 S041141 A4 S041104 inches S041145 EPSON S041064 A4 S041063 EPSON Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 S041122 EPSON Cards A6 inches) S041147 (with EPSON A6 (includes software) S041144-KIT EPSON A6 S041144 EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153/S041155 EPSON Quality A4 S041106 Black S020187 S020191
rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SoundAdvice service and and EPSON FaxAdvice of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The ENERGY STAR EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc.
This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference- Causing Regulations. FCC United States WARNING
Introduction Introduction EPSON COLOR the office or You from reports and to and with The with these features: to photo and text or of and creative and software
About To and its software, the This instructions the with EPSON EPSON COLOR the troubleshooting basic software and software from them the software about advanced options or troubleshooting, EPSON COLOR easy to this instructions. Notes, and Please follow these to injury. to to Notes information about hints
To and its software with PC, should IBM PC with least or NT or recommended) or NT At least 16MB of RAM (32MB or or 64MB NT recommended) At least 50MB of (100MB recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or recommended) shielded, twisted-pair to to to the the D-SUB, and the Year Ready EPSON Ready the other of ready the If CD-ROM the software or through
NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively. the to the or off. switchsuch as stripto off the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily the become or fiche
If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the outlet as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. the or the of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of the or to them. This to the head. Once the or the to it with The become otherwise. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced quality. the the the within months of them. this the off the button. this pressed, the light flashes then the or off the to the outlet the light off. the the head the right and the
About Software About Software The EPSON COLOR CD-ROM includes the software photo-quality and You cant without The software includes creative creating and offers. EPSON COLOR information about If software the instructions. Creative and Software Applications You this software from EPSON COLOR CD-ROM: and and other Printing included American CreataCard Edition creating Card, More creating professional business and EarthLink Network service the Disneys SM the service These Card, EarthLink Network TotalAccess, and Disneys NT.
You CD-ROM containing The Edition. You EPSON COLOR from the CD-ROM or to already instructions. the Creative Software If the creative software when initially or to the following these EPSON COLOR CD-ROM CD-ROM Click and type D:\Epson (where CD-ROM Then OK selection from the another with Select the item to and follow the instructions finished the software, EXIT to the EPSON software To of the creative software to and then the of the software. the from the following: Creative Software Software NT) You the to installation. If to to the to and EPSON COLOR
EPSON COLOR EPSON COLOR using creative and software include their or options to these EPSON COLOR operating and whether the or CD-ROM. and NT Instructions If already the EPSON COLOR to when software, to and EPSON COLOR The automatically. If the to CD-ROM, then: Click to and EPSON COLOR At the At the If and If Click to the Then to the to Copy to Instructions If from the CD-ROM to the and D:\ACROREAD\16BIT\ACRO16.EXE (where CD-ROM You the from the CD-ROM copying to
To the EPSON COLOR from CD-ROM to the the D:\MANUAL directory (where CD-ROM and the 640DOC.PDF Copy the to directory ready to the and the 640DOC.PDF the and the 640DOC.PDF this With to through Click topics, which usually or displayed To topic If the hand, the topic hotyou to clicking once. the section the of the to to the topic of choice. Click the the to the section, the only of this to the the topics the arrow buttons the or the the right of the to through (The to the of the displays the If information, Previous and Next
To To This chapter includes and instructions such as Quality or EPSON COLOR instructions using software to the Follow these to the Click to and then Would to high-quality with YES to with the Follow the instructions each the appears to the or with of what to select. completed the printed. If to the completing the to click than once, which If following the
the to or advanced EPSON COLOR and turned of then it with the the right Then the the If or the top of the the first. and to From the You to the below. this If selected right If or that instead
EPSON COLOR selected. If and to You If necessary, the to the basic shown below. the following If or You another that the Click and to or the shown to (If using type of Selecting the Correct the to text or If the to Black the option to This the to of of the software the other to the type and the Quality/Speed to the Quality This selects the highest the If hurry, (The types.) Quality/Speed
Click the the top of the to the of or Click OK the Click OK to the appear and the of You or as necessary. NT)
Photograph the to photograph. advanced EPSON COLOR and turned the right and that the the The (whiter) of the should and to From the You to the below. EPSON inches EPSON selected If If or that instead
EPSON COLOR selected. If and to You the software. If necessary, the to the shown below. If or You another that the Click and to or the shown Custom Select
the to (If type of Selecting the Correct the option to The software and selects the Click OK to apply these and to the If rather the yourself, the Custom Advanced and the PhotoEnhance3 or or with If the Advanced More The Advanced (or appears: You the Quality, the type selected. the Normal tones, high or old-fashioned
Click the to the of to or orientation. If EPSON inch the to Click the to the of too to or
Click OK to the software and to Click OK to the appear and the of You or as necessary. NT)
Selecting the Correct Follow the this when selecting the There EPSON COLOR Select this this software... EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Quality Quality EPSON EPSON EPSON Iron-On the option to itespecially includes the appear correctly when EPSON Quality Dont the cleaning sheets that included with they the
Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the head they properly. Cleaning the head You of the following to the head: The Head Cleaning software The buttons Dont the cleaning sheets that included with they the To the Head Cleaning connected to the head while otherwise
the Head Cleaning Follow these to the the turned and that the and lights off. If light the cleaning the head. and NT Click the You the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head cleaning Cleaning about which the and the light flashes. Click to and then Right-click the EPSON COLOR the NT). Double-click the the group. Double-click the Select EPSON COLOR from the of and the cleaning finished (the light flashing), to to that the head and to the cleaning off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than
the and Then Next The instructions examining the If the Follow these to the head: the turned and that the and lights off. If light the cleaning the head. Press the cleaning and three seconds. If another cleaning If this three or four the If Clean to another cleaning If this three or four the Cleaning about which the and the light flashes. the cleaning and the light flashing, to that the head clean and the cleaning You this You the the previous section. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than
the the It should something this: Each and straight should with the If If as shown below, the head
Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to You empty. You EPSON COLOR these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020187 S020191 or EPSON (U.S. only). please If to the lights (because the too follow the instructions To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty.
Empty Cartridge You when the or light flashing or the turned and the and the cover. Press the cleaning and it three seconds. the The from its (Although the shows the the the the the of the and of Follow the the section to the If the cleaning when light flashing or the cleans the head as The head slightly to the and the light flashing. To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant the the head.
the New Cartridge Once the ready to the Follow these the from its only the yellow of the the top of the the (Its of the tear off.) the its with the facing and the back of the You the from the top of the or permanently the clear from the of the
Press the If to the other as Empty Cartridge Then follow through this section. Press the cleaning and the cover. Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with The the head and charging the The light flashes and the sounds. Charging about finished, off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than
Outdated Cartridge If than months to If as as they to and cleaning and the head, try or both Follow these to the or light flashing or the and the and the cover. Press the and seconds the head to the the head hand. the The from its the of the and of the from its the of the the top of the the (Its of the yellow the its with the facing and the back of the Press the Press the and the cover. The the head and charging the The light flashes and the sounds. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Charging about finished, Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with You the from the top of the or permanently
the Head If or to the head. To the head connected to through Follow these the turned and loaded. and NT Click the You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to and the EPSON whenever the head Click to and then Right-click the EPSON COLOR the Select NT). Double-click the the group. Double-click the Select EPSON COLOR from the of and
Transporting the If to to and the Follow these Turn the and the head the right Then off the the from the Then the from the from the and the the and the Repack the and the the protective that with the Sheet that with the to the as If the the head; output the head. To the when the
This section the basics and to what the Then and to and software There troubleshooting the Troubleshooting section of EPSON COLOR If of the EPSON or Where To You the lights, as the section. It to instructions. Checking the Lights light light light light cleaning
The four lights the and to The light when the and ready to The light flashes when the or such as cleaning head. the light or incorrectly loaded. of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. the the right and the to the Then the the light flashes, the Turn off the and of the sheets curled, creased, together, or too thin. the the right and the to the Then the back light flashes, supply or light to the instructions. the and lights and the or lights of the head. Turn off the the seconds, then If off the the and the If this clear the EPSON as the lights flash, internal Turn off the the seconds, then If this clear the EPSON as the lights off, the these the turned Turn off the the securely, and turn the the outlet switch or and
You to whether the from the or other If the satisfactory, the software the interface or If the correctly, there with the and information. Follow these to the both the and turned off. Disconnect the interface from the the the and the both buttons the light to flash. Then release them. the off the to the interface and the and the of the with the the which head or The containing the ROM counter character and the shown below:
and basic troubleshooting or You to Troubleshooting, or software the or the Software If the and the The first the its state-of-the-art Charging Please charging finished turn off the If turn off the while charging the and than necessary. the completely and that the If when or it while If software follow the instructions the software the If that found or You cant software that turned and the securely connected to the and closed other applications, including Then the software
If with the creative software CD-ROM instructions, the or the creative or software, the that information, If cant EPSON If using or NT If software, then choose to the when prompted. instructions software). If background turned EPSON COLOR
Quality If Clean the head the matches the the of the The of usually whiter. the If light flashing, the If than months to the thickness to the If Clean the head the Head the thickness to the
If or smeared the thickness If the thicker or and smear. the thickness to the isnt or (the should If of with or or the EPSON COLOR the Head
If or the Clean the head isnt dirty, or (the should If of with the (whiter) If incorrect or of the the to Clean the head the If light flashing, the If than months to the or choose type. that and to exactly match the
If higher the Head If photograph, to increase the photographs or the Quality/Speed to Quality software. If incorrect characters IEEE-1284 securely connected. that the both to and the from selected as the instructions selecting the or
Uninstalling Software If to and then software, follow the this section. and NT Instructions Double-click the then the Double-click To the software, EPSON Software the Click the Select the EPSON COLOR and OK Follow the instructions the To EPSON the Click the Follow the instructions the background turned off instructions). To software, the or Instructions Double-click the then the Double-click Select EPSON COLOR the and the To software, If and then the software or NT, and then
Where To If with or its software, the information below. with of the creative or the EPSON CD-ROM, information. EPSON Technical EPSON technical through services and telephone services hours as below: services Service Access World From the reach /www.epson.com EPSON If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the FTP EPSON Download You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. to Service EPSON of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America introductory CompuServe membership, and CompuServe Automated telephone services Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice SM to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON FaxAdvice technical information You to this service. EPSON Service the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer
To to technical representative, (U.S.) or AM to PM through and AM to PM or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON COLOR Product (located the back of the of the You purchase and from EPSON (U.S. only). please Creative and Software Technical If with of the creative or software the CD-ROM, please the as below: Software Telephone and www.adobe.com American www.mgxsupport.com Edition F, AM PM CST Card, More EarthLink Network www.earthlink.net Disneys www.disneyblast.com AM PM EST The www.broderbund.com/support Edition If using other software with EPSON the that software technical information.
Software Software Software You software from EPSON or and where or the ready to software, Download: EPSON to and Downloads (FTP) EPSON FTP to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the America CompuServe: Click Services. then type EPSONFOR the EPSON Download Service: software to parity, and of Then the EPSON BBS If downloading instructions, FaxAdvice service and to supply the software The creative software only the EPSON COLOR CD-ROM.
the following information to EPSON and Street P.O. please) City, State and ZIP telephone (VISA, MasterCard, or American Card and to the credit purchase (EPSON COLOR or NT Phone: from to through the Software from and NT Instructions connected to the and that both turned off. Turn turned off. back completed the software should the the EPSON COLOR Click and type (where the of Then OK Follow the instructions to the software. software first. Then prompted to
the software to instructions. Instructions connected to the and turned the EPSON COLOR From the A:\SETUP (where the of and OK Follow the instructions to the software. to instructions. IMPORTANT: that and to If this ALWAYS software already installed. software appear the EPSON and appears the The EPSON COLOR as software appear the EPSON and the EPSON COLOR as
Additional Instructions Additional Instructions If the to instructions, the section below that from the CD-ROM If to the software from the CD-ROM and using follow the below. connected to the and both turned the EPSON software CD-ROM. From the D:\EPSON (where CD-ROM and OK the Software and then to with the Follow the instructions to the software. software appear the EPSON and the EPSON COLOR as If the EPSON COLOR CD-ROM. and the 640DOC.PDF the directory CD-ROM. If instructions. software, to information. The creative and software
Network If or and other users to the connected to to: the connected to the the shared. to the each following the the software the that the the instructions. the Click to and Double-click Network then the and Click the to to allow others to to printer(s) and OK the Network OK the Right-click the EPSON COLOR then Click the Then and as and OK the If using NT or NT instructions the
to the Click to and Right-click the EPSON COLOR and choose Click the You the following Click the then to the to the Click OK to to the then OK to and Click then specify the the that appears