COLOR EPSON EPSON COLOR CPD-9992
Pbasics.book March PM Printed with least
Pbasics.book March PM rights of this publication reproduced, or or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information contained with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON Software, PhotoEnhance, and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. CPD-9992 Copyright America, Inc. Copyright Notice
Pbasics.book March PM EPSON COLOR the or office. You from reports and to and with The with these features: to inch), as as photo-quality and or of and other Great of including and Creative software About Software The software CD-ROM includes the software which and You cant without creative software, including: ArcSoft easy-to-use and retouching EPSON Software Factory, software and and right from PC only) building family, organization, or business only)
Pbasics.book March PM EPSON including: The EPSON to software Reference which information about the You HTML browsersuch as Microsoft or or laterto the that to the head, and If the software from CD-ROM, the instructions. About To and its software, the This information, and instructions with or using the basic about with, or troubleshooting Reference instructions Notes, and Please follow these followed to injury. to to Notes information about hints
Pbasics.book March PM software CD-ROM includes Reference The HTML such as Microsoft or or laterto If using the correctly. (A included the software CD-ROM.) You Reference from the CD-ROM or to and from there. Follow these software CD-ROM. Double-click CD-ROM or DVD then the EPSON Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM or DVD necessary. Then the EPSON You the Click EPSON then Reference This appears: You the from the CD-ROM Reference or to Reference and from there. If the to as follows: Select EPSON then ESC670 the EPSON COLOR and Reference
Pbasics.book March PM If graphic when Reference the to the graphic. first the Reference this Click to the of Click topic the to the of Click right arrow to the then to to Click the arrow to expanding the of the topic to The Fix-it to the head, and To the follow these software CD-ROM. Double-click CD-ROM or DVD then the EPSON Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM necessary. Then the EPSON You the
Pbasics.book March PM Click EPSON then Watch Click the the to watch. the the and or off, or the or or back to replay back on/off on/off
Pbasics.book March PM improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction. If to operating software. If OS If OS or Apple recommends that Download the from Apple Apple To which operating About This from the Apple To and its software, should IBM PC with least or or NT recommended) Microsoft or NT At least 32MB of RAM (64MB recommended) At least 100MB of (200MB recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or DVD or recommended) the software USB with USB and shielded USB AB to high-speed, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 to the D-SUB, and the To and its software, should Apple or G3 or with USB OS or OS or recommended) G3 or OS or At least 32MB of RAM (64MB recommended) At least 100MB of free (200MB recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or recommended) the software shielded USB AB to
Pbasics.book March PM ENERGY STAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating or sunlight. or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or frayed. the off using the switch, such as switch. Dont the the light off.
Pbasics.book March PM If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. Cartridge Instructions the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the or the of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of children and the the or to them. This to the head. Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the the the within months of them. this the head hand; otherwise the the the head the right and the
Pbasics.book March PM from to as or photographfrom the to selecting to the You selecting using the EPSON as the instructions, these with If already with to these the of low-resolution and effects with PhotoEnhance, Selecting type or color-matching of such as or EPSON
Pbasics.book March PM the EPSON software CD-ROM includes with instructions showing to software and to the To the follow these Double-click the EPSON Double-click the EPSON the EPSON Follow the instructions to If the when follow these to the software CD-ROM. Double-click CD-ROM then the EPSON You the Double-click EPSON On the EPSON and follow the on-screen instructions to The as the software CD-ROM. Double-click the EPSON the CD-ROM. Double-click the EPSON and follow the on-screen instructions to The as
Pbasics.book March PM with This section these basic with the software selecting software (To Loading to this arrow and turned the right and the the the following when the Its usually whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the the right If or other or types, instructions.
Pbasics.book March PM If the instead of selecting from the to the software the Software and ready to software From the You slightly the following EPSON COLOR selected. If the (If or Then the Click to software
Pbasics.book March PM Selecting Software Once software The thing to to the the The affects the other options choose. If necessary, the to the shown below: the following the Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to only. the option to This the software the Its the to of the the to Quality or This choose higher or (The when selected.) selected OK to to Select the type of the Select Select higher-quality or Click OK and that the these the the and information, Reference information about the right-click item the and then Whats This?.
Pbasics.book March PM Selecting The apply to the currently If type of applicationsfor the You this the Click to and then Right-click the EPSON COLOR Select NT). Then the Select the to applications. Click OK when finished. the when to of Another to of to them as group; At the OK (or to Click OK to
Pbasics.book March PM the appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You and appear advanced through information printingfor the or Reference This section these basic the software selecting software (To with Click to Click to or The of the with the least amount the the shown
Pbasics.book March PM If or other or types, instructions. information about the Loading to this arrow and turned the right and the the the following when the Its usually whiter or brighter than the other or the top first. Dont the arrow the the Software ready to and other software From the You slightly Select and Printable the right Click OK
Pbasics.book March PM the following the SC selected. (If to the Chooser; the instructions.) Select the and Printable Reference selected OK to the and to Selecting Software the and You the slightly The thing to to the the The affects the other options the following the Choose the the arrow to through the If which to select, the option to only. the option to This the software the Its the to of Select Select or higher-quality Select the type of the
Pbasics.book March PM If using background to the the and the the the to Quality or This choose higher or (The when selected.) selected Once clicked If turned background the Chooser, EPSON to the of Select EPSON from the Application the right of the You the EPSON Click to Click to Click to Click the or Then to and advanced through information printingfor the or Reference Click to
Pbasics.book March PM with PhotoEnhance You choose PhotoEnhance that increase brightness and to the appearance of low-resolution You effects, such as Soft You PhotoEnhance from the software To PhotoEnhance, You PhotoEnhance Black selected. If photograph with the Correction This the appearance of photographs with You of photographs. Select the that closely matches photograph People or or of the Soft or You to with these to the the Reference as or Click PhotoEnhance PhotoEnhance affects with PhotoEnhance and If high-resolution to the instead; or (Macintosh). You the Advanced to as
Pbasics.book March PM Custom EPSON COLOR software includes with options of charts or You the type of and or color-matching To types, Custom then Custom You the of types. choose and type choose and type Click then to type Click then to type
Pbasics.book March PM Choose type following these (these restricted and Text/Graph graphics-intensive with charts and rough of text ICM and only): created ICM recommended with created using such as those the World ColorSync only): with ColorSync and the Reference as or Advanced settingssuch as Quality, and effects. To advanced and then the Advanced You the Advanced Click to Quality This section the selected You these the Advanced to as the section. The of the to or increased matching with
Pbasics.book March PM Click to Quality This section the selected them as group. Then them whenever Click the Advanced and OK. Select to of the selected other choose. the Reference as or the and To EPSON included the EPSON Quality that with Instructions the with other the following of EPSON and information, the back cover. EPSON Quality EPSON Quality and as Quality as the
Pbasics.book March PM Heavyweight Heavyweight professional-looking, and graphics to sheets as including beneath the Heavyweight as the EPSON You EPSON to photographs that as as the from processing. of the back cover and information. the following when using EPSON the with the whiter facing to of 6-inch, or or of included the Select as the To their them resealable or other airtight covering and them from heat, and sunlight. to the as as If using follow the instructions to and the If 6-inch or the 6-inch EPSON 6-inch around the and the photo to the of the paperon the the right with the facing and the perforated as shown. Then the the You to sheets with the included and beneath the (If the sheets, to
Pbasics.book March PM the to inches. softwares Reduce/Enlarge or to as Reference Choose as the Choose as the and as the the back and forth the perforations and tear off the the of to feed the the top and the the as the Choose as the and as the of top of the as it from the the
Pbasics.book March PM You to first and them the right and the them. each or the thickness to the when or other thick the to the Select as the and choose the as the If the smears or (light turning off High the Advanced instructions the thickness and thick
Pbasics.book March PM If with cleaning the cleaning sheet with this the Selecting the type of software. Thats why the It what of and the accordingly. the should choose EPSON this sheets or EPSON EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality Heavyweight Heavyweight EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Select this Quality Quality
Pbasics.book March PM This section the to its and to to Follow the instructions this chapter cleaning the head (below) the head cleaning the the Reference as Cleaning the Head If too light or the to the head. This the they properly. Cleaning the head it necessary. You the head of the following the Head Cleaning (when the connected to as below using the buttons, as the Head Cleaning Follow these to the Head Cleaning (the recommended the and both the and lights off. (If light flashing, the instead.) the Its to least once month to quality. If with cleaning the cleaning with the
Pbasics.book March PM off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than If the as or (Macintosh). with to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR then NT). Click the Macintosh: Click the Head Cleaning On the the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the light flashing, to the head clean. the the and Then Next The If the If the Clean to the head If cleaning four or the Quality You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head light flashes.
Pbasics.book March PM the Follow the below to the head. information.) the turned and both the and lights off. (If light flashing, the cleaning and it three seconds. Cleaning about seconds, which the and the Press the light to the the If connected directly to the to to If and containing and the of then to If the as or (Macintosh). with to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR then NT). Click the Click the the the and Next The the section light flashes. cleaning off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than
Pbasics.book March PM You empty. the the obtained the the head To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. If the If the Clean to the head If cleaning four or the You turn the off and overnightthis allows to and then cleaning the head the the It should to this: and straight should with the If If as shown below, the head instructions. Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to the than months to that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or both
Pbasics.book March PM these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020187 S020191 or EPSON Accessories or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please If to the lights (because the too follow the instructions Outdated Cartridge and Cartridges light flashing or (If these when both lights off, the cleans the heads as You when the Once the the Follow these to light should flashing), then the cover. the turned and (the cleaning and it about three seconds the head and the Press the the The from its (The shows To the the the or light flashing. To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with
Pbasics.book March PM You the from the top of the or permanently and Dont off the or to the clear the off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the of the and of Unwrap the Then only the of the top. (S020187) (S020191) the its with the facing and the back of the Then the the If to the other through with cleaning and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes, and the Charging about seconds. finished, the The light flashing and
Pbasics.book March PM Outdated Cartridge than months to that as as they to. If cleaning and the head, or both Follow these to the light flashing or light should flashing), then the cover. the and (the and about three seconds the head and the Press the the The from its (The shows To the the the the of the and of light flashing. or To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant of the reach of children and the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with
Pbasics.book March PM You the from the top of the or permanently and Dont off the or to the clear the turn off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Unwrap the Then the of the top. (S020187) (S020191) the its with the facing and the back of the Then the the If to the other through with and the cover. The the head and charging the Press the light flashes and the Charging about seconds. finished, the The light flashing and
Pbasics.book March PM the Head If to the head. connected to to the Head Follow these the turned and loaded. If the as or with to then Right-click the EPSON COLOR then NT). Click the Click the Head On the the Head Follow the instructions the to Select the from the choices the the of the following the instructions the You to and than once to head completely. thats least inches to from the and the EPSON the whenever the head Dont or
Pbasics.book March PM Dont the gears the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the To the when the to the the its location. Cleaning the To its should clean year. Follow these light to Then the and the Turn off the and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. Clean of the with cloth. Transporting the If to its Follow these Turn the the head the right then off the the cord. Then the from the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the and the the and the the protective that with the that with to the as the the the head and If quality, the head output the head the to the
Pbasics.book March PM This section the basics and First the to what the of the Then and to and software If the of the to these right thickness cover output Its to to and the section to there downloading to
Pbasics.book March PM You the lights, as below, or as Checking the Lights light light light Follow the the when the lights. cleaning light
Pbasics.book March PM The flashes the the light flashes, supply S020187, S020191). or light to the S020187, S020191). instructions. or and and and the lights flash, internal the as the sheet Then off the seconds, and If the lights flash, or EPSON; information. off the lights off, the these light when the and ready to It flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. light flashes, Press the to to clear the If that turn off the and the of the curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Turn the and light or incorrectly loaded. of the curled, creased, together, or too thin. Then the the right and the Press the the and lights flash, and or both of the lights of the head or the from the cartridge(s). Turn off the the cover, and Then the back If light and the head the cartridge(s) as If the lights and/or or EPSON; information. the turned Turn off the the securely, and the the outlet and switch or If another to
Pbasics.book March PM You to whether from the or other Follow these to the both the and turned off. Disconnect the from the the then and release the the holding the the light to flash, then release One showing the ROM counter, and the shown below. (If the to the head; To the off the the Then the and and If the the software the or If the with the and If nothing to or EPSON as
Pbasics.book March PM and basic troubleshooting software, feeding or the or Software The installation. The first the its about charging finishes (the light flashing) off the If off the while charge properly and than necessary the the locked completely and that the Turn off the from and to clear the Then off, and If the or the light flashing off the If the light flashing when back EPSON or Where To the software. follow the instructions the securely connected to the and closed other including and protection software. Then the software Reference instructions with light nothing the the interface connected securely and that the the as If the and software correctly. If to as Reference The sounds as though nothing the head clogged. To the head,
Pbasics.book March PM too the If high-resolution than the listed. You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). If from to to and software. the the following software: Choose Black include the Quality/Speed to the Advanced MicroWeave off and High If using the ECP/DMA or the instructions. when turn or while. Quality You the head clogged. To the head, the matches the loaded. the of the It usually whiter or isnt To the than months the thickness If the thicker or the thickness to the
Pbasics.book March PM the Head EPSON instructions. using or instructions. Turn off High the Advanced or smeared. isnt or (the should with or or the specifications Reference the Head instructions. the thickness If the thicker or and smear. the thickness to the as shown to the or the the head clogged. To clean the head, the lights to the To the matches the loaded. isnt dirty, or (the should
Pbasics.book March PM You or the to and the head clogged. To the head, isnt To the than months If high-resolution turn off PhotoEnhance. using or instructions. PhotoEnhance with that such as exactly match on-screen to as as information, Reference You incorrect characters. the interface securely connected and the selected or as the or the the Chooser. If using switch the directly to and try higher the Quality/Speed to the Quality software; or the Head instructions. You to increase the or software with or If the the Press the to the Then the or software. If when the or too thin.
Pbasics.book March PM Too the the software and both feed. the of from the that the Isnt or creased Isnt too Isnt the arrow the Isnt the (If the light flashing, the the fits the too tightly. the Turn off the cover, and the thats including that torn off. If frequently: smooth, high-quality the and then the Dont the arrow the the the right and the feed once. the from the then: the isnt too thin. the of the of to the sheets. the as the the too tightly. Printout The incorrect. the software the Reference instructions. software instructions selecting the The within the of the Specifications Reference information. The or incorrect. the and/or options correctly. The inverted, as Turn off the software or the software. (If EPSON Iron-On Cool the should inverted when
Pbasics.book March PM The the the software Reference instructions. the head clogged. To the head, Uninstalling and Software If to and then software, such as when operating follow these then Double-click the Double-click Click EPSON Software then the Select the EPSON COLOR and follow the instructions If the USB EPSON USB Devices the Then the and follow the instructions software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM necessary. Then the EPSON the CD-ROM the You the Click On the the arrow the the top and Uninstall Then the Uninstall the and follow the instructions. finished, OK then Macintosh. Software software, first as Then follow the instructions the to software. (You to the creative software or EPSON
Pbasics.book March PM Where To If with or its software (or EPSON Software Factory), the information below. If using the creative software that with the other software the that software technical information. EPSON EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services the following Service World From the reach EPSON At this and other such as brochures and and troubleshooting information. EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Technical Automated Telephone Services To directly to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM or charges apply. AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON COLOR Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the To technical through to and the the troubleshooting as of services hours To these services, tone and
Pbasics.book March PM EPSON You purchase and from EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please Creative Software Technical If with the creative software the software CD-ROM, please the as below: ArcSoft PhotoImpression Stamps.com EarthLink AM to PM ArcSoft Technical Fremont CA AM to PM Eastern technical service:
Pbasics.book March PM To EPSON and To EPSON and or EPSON Accessories or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please Cartridges Black S020187 S020191 EPSON EPSON inches) EPSON High Quality inches) EPSON Quality inches) EPSON Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 EPSON inches EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality inches) EPSON inches) S041064 EPSON Quality A4 inches) S041106 EPSON Iron-On Cool inches) S041153/S041155 EPSON Quality inches) EPSON Heavyweight inches) S041257 A4 inches) A4 inches) A4 inches) inches) inches) A4 inches) inches) A6 inches) A6 inches) A4 inches) A6 inches) A4 inches) S041060 S041059 S041111 S041117 S041062 S041061 S041067 S041134 S041141 S041140 S041145 S041144-KIT S041144 S041072 S041071 S041107 S041124 S041126
Pbasics.book March PM EPSON EPSON and to the that earn EPSON of their awards! EPSON specially coated to with EPSON that when of immediately them. There smearing or and and smooth. of Quality Bright white, with smooth to Perfect and photo and Quality bright white with the highest-gloss finish. Perfect professional high-resolution photographs of and of Perfect of snapshots, art, and Iron-On Cool and photographs T-shirts or other cloth items. Perfect T-shirts, crafts, and the back of EPSON and information.