CX3800 and Scanning CX3800
Loading Follow the to CX. the and then the the Then the to the the the right first, beneath the The often whiter or than the other Loading
You to sheets of and to sheets of the capacity other types.) The type of choose affects the to the If or rough of the to of information. the the of the too tightly). the back. Loading
Copying or Follow the instructions this section to: photo or correctly the below) of or the the the cover and face-down the the corner. about inch from the top and of copied. the cover the the cover where and heavy top of the CX. the about inch from the top and to Copying or
Copying You using 11-inch) as below. Copying the CX turned the the as to the cover. instructions.) Press the to If reduced or to the the to To the To and white the B&W The On light flashes and the CX If to copying the Stop that printed; ejected to the The exactly the as the Copying the CX turned the the as to the cover. Copying or
to sheets of 6-inch or 11-inch) photo instructions.) Press the to or If without white the to they with 0.06-inch To the To and white the B&W The On light flashes and the CX If to copying the that printed; to the The exactly the as the If to and high The reduced, the ready to and the Stop then the (to or the B&W (to and white). the On light flashing, release both buttons. Copying or
From This section the basic photo or instructions the on-screen software and connected the CX3800 to as the to the right and the type the information.) Follow the instructions these (below) the or the and You this Select EPSON CX3800 From Click to software
EPSON CX3800 selected, then the Preferences or (If or Then Preferences or the On the the basic Select the type of (choose or Select Select Click choosing choose the the information about the or From Computer Select Click options
options, the Advanced Then the following as necessary: Select Quality as necessary Click to RPM the Select as necessary Click to this Advanced each information about advanced or instructions them as them or If to the the and as necessary. Click OK to then OK or to This appears and shows the of From Select (To choose ICM first) or
You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please inches S041934 inches S041808/S041727 inches) S041331 inches S041809 Quality inches) S041062 Bright White inches) S041586 Heavyweight inches S041467 Double-Sided inches) S041568 to the or software: this Select this Heavyweight Double-Sided Quality Paper/Bright White Bright White Envelope inches) S041935 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286/S041667 inches) S041141/S041649/ S041272/S041271 inches) S041067 A4 inches) S041061 inches) S041257 Heavyweight From
Scanning or You CX3800 to photo or and or other or to or to You photographs as The Scan software three of and easily and and options of Professional previews and manually with of Scanning or
Scanning You from as ArcSoft PhotoImpression Scan. Scan directly from and to the cover and face-down the the corner. about inch from the top and of scanned. the about inch from the top and to the cover gently the of the following to Scan: Double-click the Scan If from Then the choose or and EPSON CX3800 Scanning or
You the Scan If the the right to the Scan If to as the and instructions. (If or Professional Scan You the using the the right corner. the on-screen You the Choose the location where to and type the Select the Format Click OK The and its Scanning or
Restoring You or with true-to-life and sharpness as the Restoration option Scans Home, and Professional Click the the Restoration OK and Scan the Restoration and Scan or Professional or information about the on-screen You the Scan information about the Professional to the the Restoration button, and Scan Scanning or
CX If quality, follow the instructions this chapter Checking the Head and (below) Cleaning the Head Checking the Head and If or them, of the the head or or of the Follow the below to the head and the Turn off the CX the Press the and On buttons together and them about seconds. The CX and It shows the of each head to cleaned If the cleaning the head as the You the the on-screen CX head to cleaned
Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or light or to the head. This the they properly. as to the head cleaning. head cleaning and the that the head to cleaned. If the light or flashes, the head. this the first; the CX and the light off. the seconds the On light The CX head cleaning and the On light flashes. off the CX while head cleaning You the On light flashing, (as to that the head clean. If there or or the another cleaning and the If cleaning the head four or off the CX and overnight. This Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced; If CX to least once month to CX
Cartridges the light flashing, or the light to the cartridge(s). when which or empty. You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please these when or purchase the obtained or the the head To and them. Other products to CX covered warranty. that The of other products and www.epson.com information. based printed, type, of and The with and of the from the first the CX Black T060120 T060220 T060320 T060420
the CX that the cover closed, then the the when the cover Press and release the The to the and the On and lights flash. If of the or empty, the CX that to the Dont the than seconds, or the to the head. Dont the head hand; this the CX. the to the head. CX
Press the If than or the to the If of the or identified, the head to the the and the the back of the empty/low and straight of the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with CX
the four or Then from the or tear the the otherwise, the the of the This the the the and clicks other that to replaced. the cover and clicks CX
the Press the The CX charging and the On light This about finished, the On light flashing and and the light off the CX while the On light flashing or If the light flashing), the correctly. Press the and the clicks CX
If with CX3800 the lights the to what causing You and troubleshooting or the these Indicators (below) and Where To Light: On the the Then to or Stop to Flashing Flashing On or correctly. lights: Flashing There with the Turn the CX off and then CX. back If the clear, authorized servicer or and the Then to the or to
and the below CX. turn off the CX, light to This Copying the top of the inch from the to first and the right with the its Dont the arrow the If feed, from the sheet through the to the Then the the right and the the too tightly). the front of the too once to sheets of and of the information. If the light flashes. Follow these to clear the Press the to the If the ejected, to the If the the or If the the CX, the On to off. the and including torn however; this the the then turn the CX back
Quality If with the or these the the and the CX or the the whiter, or isnt or curled. with or sheet sheets from the too the type of matches the and type the or software the quality, and If light or or they too to the head. This the they properly. as to the head cleaning. Clean the head as If to the head. instructions. The or instructions If appears the clean the with lint-free cloth recommended), or amount of cloth, necessary. Dont directly the
Where To technical hours through the services and telephone services the following Service Access World From the reach At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services of services hours To these services, tone telephone and SoundAdvice SM this to the CX3800 SoundAdvice. To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product CX3800 Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase Computer of the You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Other Software Technical Support: Software Telephone/Fax and ArcSoft PhotoImpression AM PM www.arcsoft.com
Notices Instructions using CX3800 and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the CX. the type of indicated the CX the that with the CX. of another fires or shock. the with other the CX outlet where the easily fiche the become or frayed. If with the CX, the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the CX or cover the CX or through the the CX or heating or sunlight. the CX that its It properly it or the back of the CX least inches from the the section while the CX copying, or scanning. the CX. as specifically to service the CX yourself. Notices
the CX and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. or the CX, its or otherwise from the The this mercury. of to or Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If it off with and If it them immediately with hand the CX or immediately Leaving the head and the CX from If the supply from and and the as the CX. that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding Notices
ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The EPA ENERGY STAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician ENERGY STAR
WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C241A Notices
America, Inc., Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated only the United States or conforms to the and from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of quality, and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral America, Inc., Warranty
to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write to: Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. of Copyrighted and and copying or of copyrighted While copying of copyrighted those as broad as people each to and of the copyright when and and and of Corporation. and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. Copyright Notice
Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX CPD-19837