of this reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. IBM and PS/2 of International Corporation. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation the United States of America and other Apple and of Apple Computer, Inc. EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights
Instructions with information about this this assembling the with information assembling the the and the software that with the (this with information the optional products, troubleshooting, and technical specifications. Network with information both the and to this from Network software CD-ROM to to with about and information the and operations to to this and the software Click information and instructions the software that when the software CD-ROM. Where to Information
The this EPSON CX11F otherwise indicated.
Information and to injury. to to Notes information and the of
to follow the to operation: the EPSON CX11NF/CX11F, and EPSON CX11N/CX11, products, should or people should the the as shown below. Warning: when the as the than the front.
to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE
the as and injury. touching the the instructed to this force the Although the to rough toner them clean, smooth to toner or them They the the toner from of toner photoconductor or fire, as they and injury. of them to If toner and or cloth with and to the fire or they with cleaner. least hour toner from cool to to from cover cover C
removing the photoconductor to light than The light-sensitive to light the causing or light to appear the and reducing the service of the If to the of the cover with cloth. to scratch the of the and the photoconductor from the the clean, smooth touching the from permanently its and To the the photoconductor to sunlight, or (such as locations to or or humidity. to of the reach of the This the to overheat. outlets with other only that the of this instructions to that the of this indicated attached to the If of the supply or
If to the AC the only those that covered the operating instructions. of other that service NERGY TAR The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and and to reduce caused Their and on/off off the International NERGY TAR that this the International NERGY TAR efficiency. turning the Ready appears the LCD While the light flashing. While the light or flashing. While
Chapter to Product only) only) cover MP to
Rear to switch option cover cover cover C ADF cover only) cover USB interface telephone interface only) LINE: with the cord. EXT: with attached interface (EPSON CX11NF/CX11N only) AC
the cover photoconductor photoconductor cleaning toner (MP to
to cover
One C only) light Flashes when the o these buttons to to assigned to the from to
light On or flashes when (Red) occurred. LCD information, and Right these buttons to or The Right as the OK to and Also, the to the character and overwrite these buttons to previous or items. instructions to these buttons, the to On when occurred that intervention. The recover when the of the Flashing Indicates that recovered the B&W or Flashing Indicates occurred that intervention and the B&W or to the
Advanced this to the each this to of only) the LCD only) B&W this to operation, or and Pressing once the Pressing and holding than three seconds from the memory. Used to the of or Copy Also, such as the and buttons this to or to the previously. these buttons to black-and-white or or the light flashing, this clears the and switches the to ready to
this to the selected item or to the Press and than three seconds to items to their Also, as to character from the when light On when the this to switch to the buttons these buttons to switch to the lights On when the (Print, or Scan) selected. the light the and ready to and to
and Products You the following option to Unit (C12C802181) The Unit It increases of Optional Unit products The of the following products the The know when Product Product High Capacity Cartridge High Capacity Cartridge High Capacity Cartridge High Capacity Cartridge Capacity Cartridge Capacity Cartridge Capacity Cartridge Photoconductor Unit to
Product The with of features that to ease of and high-quality The below. About the EPSON CX11 The EPSON CX11 consists of the following four products. CX11: CX11F: CX11N: Network CX11NF: Network High-quality the of to when the black-and-white A4 the professional and its the The offers allowing to of to
the information. Macintosh, the information. To reduce the amount of toner rough the and Enhanced MicroGray that smoothing the of and both text and graphics. Enhanced MicroGray the halftone of graphics. With the provided, the inch) and Enhanced MicroGray to
Chapter and This with of options. You or using of The following the each type of Choose the to This function with OS X. or reduce the of to the selected. and
the the or four to and
This function with OS X. text or as and
Chapter Sources This section the of and that MP Capacity to A4, A5, B5, (LT), Government (GLT), (HLT), (LGL), Government (GLG), F4, (EXE) Semi-Thick to A4, A5, B5, (LT), Government (GLT), (HLT), (LGL), Government (GLG), F4, (EXE) C5, C6, C10, DL, to ISO-B5 thick) A4, (LT) to sheets to thick) to thick
Capacity Thick to thick to Coated to EPSON A4 to thick) EPSON EPSON A4 to thick Coated Optional Unit Capacity to EPSON A4 to thick A4, A5, B5, (LT), Government (GLT), (HLT), (LGL), Government (GLG), F4, (EXE) to thick A4, A5, B5, (LT), Government (GLT), (HLT), (LGL), Government (GLG), F4, (EXE) A4, (LT) to sheets A4, (LT) to sheets thick) to thick to thick
Selecting You manually, or the to the automatically. selection You the to manually. To the Accessing the or Accessing the Access the the and the that to from the Source Then OK Access the from the and the Then, the that to from the Source and OK selection You the to containing the of automatically. To the Accessing the or Accessing the Access the the and Selection as the Then OK Access the from the and the Then, Selection as the and OK
The search containing the specified the following With optional other than A4 or from the MP If or these the If the from the MP of the Source You the of the MP using the MP the Loading This section to If such as or Printing MP Follow the below to MP MP
the MP cover. the right outward while pinching the and the together.
of the the of the with the facing Then the while pinching the and the together the right of the to the MP cover. that the height.
Optional Follow the below to the optional the the and then the MP and MP to match the
the while pinching the of the of the with the facing
the while pinching the the of the to the the of the that the height. the the first.
the the the the and then the LC1 and LC1 to match the The located the top of cover B. face-down, this to as the This to sheets.
the and the the to from off the as shown below. You which include assortment of such as the following.
the of or type of the the of type of of purchasing or EPSON EPSON should as shown below: the the You these the the EPSON recommends the of EPSON A4 Source: MP to or to thick to or to thick Semi-Thick the back of previously Semi-Thick
the MP only. should as shown below: the the You these the the Please the following when this each its as from to the and the of the The appears the the MP the first as shown below. A4 or LT MP to Source: Transparency
If incorrectly, the Transparency appears the LCD the from the To clear the the MP them the MP and the to Transparency the the the to Transparency other type of that EPSON Coated EPSON Coated and higher EPSON Coated should as shown below: the the You these the the EPSON Coated A4 MP to thick Source: Coated the back of Coated
The of of thicknesses. or to the quality. they specifically The when with the the of the or the might wrinkled. of should as shown below: the the You these the the Please the following when this IB5 C6 MON C10 DL or C5 MP to sheets, or to Source: thick)
with the facing as shown below. the shown with this those that than when their such as Mon (Monarch), that or MON C6, DL C5, IB5 C10
You to sheets of the MP to or them manually. the of the or the might of should as shown below: the the You these the the You should or To the from with that completely cover the with the Press of top of each of If the those A4 or LT Source: MP to sheets)
Thick and thick You thick to or thick to the MP thick or thick should as shown below: the the You these the the the back of previously thick manually, the the to Thick Thick or Thick Thick Loading You to the MP as as the following should as shown below: A4 A5 B5 LT HLT GLT LGL GLG F4 or EXE Source: MP to thick Thick or Thick
the the You these the the the then from the the the the Length, and Unit to match Then OK and the Custom the Then New the Width, Length, and Margin to match Then the and OK to Source: MP to thick Semi-Thick Thick or Thick
Chapter the Software with About the Software The choose from of to the from You EPSON through the Optional the EPSON the of EPSON information. Accessing the You the directly from from operating The from the when the from the operating should the from to that the From the To the the or from the You to or of these buttons. the Software with
XP or users To the and then Right-click then Preferences or users To the to then Right-click then users To the to then Right-click then Preferences The the Software with
to the You the of through the With the the choosing from of or the Choosing the using the You the of to or There the and three the selected the the of to the select. and the to You other such as or The Click the the Software with
Click Then choose quality. the Software with
Click OK to apply the The the following Text, Text&Image, Black and white Text&Image, If or memory-related appears, selecting allow to proceed. the The to of such as or or Follow the below to the Click the the Software with
Select Advanced You the the below of Select the from the to the type of or to This operating the Software with
choose other such as and automatically. shown the the Information that appears the Info the Optional This the following inexpensive Text that include Text&Image that include text and that include icons, and effective or insufficiently effective the following with than Non-photo such as or Text the Software with
Text/Graph that include text and such as Graphic/CAD graphics and charts. PhotoEnhance with or EPSON PhotoEnhance the and brightness of the to This ICM ICM This to match which the Matching with these of To that Advanced Text/Graph high-quality that include text and Advanced Graphic/CAD high-quality charts, and Advanced high-quality and digitally-captured the Software with
If to the manually. Follow the below to Click the Click Advanced then More Choose or Black as the then choose from or with the the Software with
Click OK to apply the and to the To Advanced then the The Custom appears. This operating the other each the Smoothing effective or insufficiently effective the following with than Non-photo such as or Text The Smoothing black-and-white or when PhotoEnhance selected the the Software with
the then appear the located below the You To Advanced the the the Custom then You If the More when of selected the Advanced the the selected the to Custom The that previously selected affected this To to from the the Software with
Checking information about EPSON information about such as the toner and the photoconductors displayed the You clicking the Information about that displayed the based specified which the information updated. the or the information, information about the Software with
If information about displayed the from the the Information New the Info information about If the information about the information the Info selected. If the function option used both of the You manually. the specified as to the both of the to clear the and the the Doing manually Click the that the off. the Software with The function when using the function.
the then Top or Right as the Click to the the Software with
Specify the Margin the front and back of the then whether the front or back of the to as the as the and about each Click OK the the Software with
the the MP with the face-down as shown below. Then, the B&W or completed normally when which the or to the manually with the the completed normally the the straighten If loaded, correctly. the Software with
You or reduced To to the Click the Advanced Select the then the from the The to the selected. Select (to the reduced the of the or (to the reduced the of the Location Click OK to apply the the Software with
specified Click the Advanced Select the the To then specify the the Click OK to apply the If necessary, the to from the The and the Software with
the or four and the each to the specified You choose to surrounded Click the Advanced Select the and the of to of Then More The appears. the Software with
Select the which the each Select the the when to the surrounded Click OK to apply the and to the The choices the of selected and the or Landscape) selected the the Software with
Follow the below to the Advanced or from of or with text or The allows to of the intensity, and of Click the Advanced Select that to from the If to The appears. the Software with
Select the from the then the intensity of the with the Select (to the the foreground of the or (to the the background of the the Select the location the where to the from the Location the or the of the with the Click OK to apply the and to the You as follows. Click the Advanced the Software with
Click The appears. Select Text or BMP and type the the If Text type the text the Text If BMP the BMP to then OK Click appear the Click OK to apply the You to the Software with The appears clicking the This appears when Text
You the To the the Optional to the the front and the back of the specified the button: the specified the the selected this the the of Select this to clear and (about seconds) when or Memory Overflow Select the from the selecting (Higher Quality) quality, the Automatically to Select this to the specified the Select this to the specified the Select this to the the and switch to the and white. the Software with
this the High Graphics Select this to the of graphics of such as and the specified the the the operating Select this to when which of memory to such as with of or graphics. Doing somewhat. Printable Select this to the Software with Clear this when both of the the function. Clear this graphics correctly. Select this to the that specified the Select this to the function XP, or Select this when both of the using the function.
Click this to the to the Click this to Click this to the or without the OK Click this to the and to the or Optional You the option information manually options to Click the Optional then the the Option Info Manually Click The Optional appears. each option, then OK the Software with
information about You specify whether to information about and when the You specify to the information the Info information information Information the information about The information displayed the the Software with information about to the specified and displays when the this selected, the which to the information specified. information about
EPSON EPSON that and information about its XP users: Shared XP LPR and XP TCP/IP with the function. EPSON when from EPSON Follow the below to EPSON that the off and that the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM Click the software appears, the then Click Installation. If the selection appears, country. If the appear automatically, the right-click the CD-ROM OPEN the that appears, then the Software with
the that appears, Click Custom the Software with the Network information EPSON
Select the EPSON then the that appears, that selected, and OK the that appears, that selected, and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. the that appears, country or and the URL that country or appears. Then OK the Software with
the the Software with this the URL the where Selecting country or allows to the of the URL. The URL the when selecting Also, the the EPSON the the URL appear, the EPSON
Accessing EPSON Follow the below to EPSON Access the then the Optional Click EPSON the Software with
You and information products using the EPSON This operating The and the The the shows the graphically. Text The to the displays the of the the displayed. the Software with
button: Clicking this the information the and Information information the The Information displayed when the information the Preferences the Information the the type and the amount of the Information the optional this option Indicates the amount of The toner flashes the toner Clicking this to Photoconductor Indicates the functional of Unit: the photoconductor The the of the photoconductor that The to when the the Software with
To the the EPSON The appears. You this clicking the the EPSON Text the and the Software with
Now/Find to the URL where and the the and allows to the of the URL. the this click this to to the appears. If this to appear, the the the If the to appear when the Now/Find the the confirming the this selected, the appear automatically. the Software with
Preferences To Preferences the Optional of the The Preferences appears. the Software with
The following and buttons appear the Select Notification: the boxes this to the of that to about. To the item to displayed, the The of the item as On or Notification. Select Shortcut To the shortcut the Shortcut then choose The appears the right of the Once the shortcut the to the EPSON Alternatively, right-click the shortcut then Preferences from the to the Preferences and from the to the EPSON the Software with
Select the information to the Information the EPSON this selected, the appears the the Allow of shared the Preferences OK changes. the Software with To the when finished, the when completed This the the function this selected, other
The what type of occurred and offers The once the cleared. This appear to the selected the Preferences If to information about Once this clicked, the cleared. Click to the the Software with
function the function, information the Information the EPSON You choose to appear the when completed. the function The function when the following used: and the or LPR with XP, or using the or TCP/IP with XP, or the or TCP/IP with XP, or the LPR XP, or using the TCP/IP XP, or the TCP/IP XP, or You this function the following the Software with
optional Ethernet interface that the function. that the account to to from the account to to the the function using XP as You the or EPSON when the following used: the or LPR the shared or TCP/IP the shared or TCP/IP the Software with
the Information To the Information the information the Preferences then the Information the EPSON The which to printed. the Software with The which The which The which currently.
the Other displayed as the Computer: the of the connected to the Refresh Clicking this refreshes the information this to when completed the when completed selected, the when completed function used. this function the appears completed. the the when completed appear. Completed: Displays only that finished Canceled: that canceled. Selecting and clicking this the selected the Software with
You the clearing the the the Optional to the The the displayed the Optional of Preference XP, or You the clicking the EPSON the Optional You the to the of that EPSON EPSON this Usually, to the Click to to EPSON then the Software with
Clear the boxes of the of to Click OK to apply the the USB The USB interface that with with Microsoft and USB specifications. PC with USB and XP, or the USB interface. Access the or the XP, or the the Software with
or the EPUSB1: USB from the to the following XP, or the USB001 USB the the Click OK to the the Software with This operating
Canceling If the what expected and incorrect or characters or to the the follow the instructions below to the Double-click the the the then from the the the light the The canceled. You the that from the the the to other users. the Software with
Uninstalling the Software to or the to the software EPSON from XP, or the shortcut from You the clearing the Shortcut the Preference Uninstalling the Click to then XP or then then or Double-click the XP or or the Software with
Select EPSON Software then XP, or EPSON Software then Change/Remove Click the the Software with
Click the and that the the software to selected. To OK Follow the instructions. the Software with If EPSON the EPSON To You only the of EPSON the the of from EPSON of other
Uninstall the USB the to with USB interface the USB the to the USB Follow the below to the USB Uninstall the the USB Once the USB other EPSON connected with USB interface Follow through of Uninstalling the Select EPSON USB Devices then the Software with
Follow the on-screen instructions. the Network the This section to the The that directly connected to of them. The that directly connected to the the and the other the which to the with the The the the According to the of OS and rights the the the and the Software with EPSON USB Devices appears when the connected to or with USB interface If the USB correctly, EPSON USB Devices appear. Follow the below to the the Software CD-ROM that with the Software CD-ROM CD-ROM the CD-ROM Double-click the Double-click the
the or as XP, or the or With or XP or With XP or the to EPSON that the shared the using or the the Network and that the and Microsoft the and that the or the TCP/IP The and should the and they should the The operating the Software with
as the OS or follow the below to the Click to then Double-click the Network Click and the Select the to to allow others to to printer(s). then OK Click OK to apply the Double-click the the Right-click then the that appears. Select Shared type the the text then OK and the Software with the appears, the or CD-ROM the Click OK then follow the on-screen instructions. the to the appears, the then with the
You to the that they the the following With or With XP or the OS XP, or the the The that OS from the Follow the below to XP, or as and the You XP, or as the of the to then XP or to and Right-click then Sharing the that appears. or the or the to EPSON that the shared the the Software with
Shared as then type the the text the Software with XP or the following appears, Network or If the security to without the follow the on-screen instructions. XP or this then type the the
Select the or hyphens the or If the of the and the OS, to the OK On the XP, or Click Additional the Software with
the Software with Select then OK or Select or Select and XP), Select and Edition Select XP or or XP XP), XP and
appears, the Software CD-ROM that with CD-ROM then OK According to the type the and which the located, then OK the OS, the The from the shown You to the noted below, because these or XP XP) XP and other than the the The other The the OS used. OS or the Software with
XP, or You to the that they the the following With or With XP or This section to the the shared To the to the as shared or or XP, or the Software with XP, or found. appear. Click or XP or and Confirm the following items when the to EPSON that the the the security the shared right the without the right.
This section to the the (Microsoft If the to the the of the This section to the the shared from the You the from Network Neighborhood or Network the You the the OS. to EPSON from to both of the and EPSON each from the Software CD-ROM. With or Follow the below to or Click to then Double-click the then Next Select Network then Next Click and the appears. You type \\(the of the that locally connected to the printer)\(the the or the Software with
Click the or that connected to the and the of the shared then OK Click Next the Software with The of the shared the or that connected to the shared To of the of the shared the of the If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the If the OS or or the or the XP, or to the If the or the XP, or to the from the software CD-ROM
of the of the shared then whether to the as the or Click Next then follow the on-screen instructions. With XP or Follow the below to XP or You the the shared or rights the to then XP to and the then Next XP, the You the that appears the the Software with
Network then Next XP, or attached to another then Next type the of the then Next the Software with You type (the of the that locally connected to the printer)\(the shared or otherwise Next to You to type the of the
Click the of the or that connected to the and the of the then Next XP, the Software with
whether to the as the or then Next of the then the Software with The of the the or that connected to the shared To of the of the shared the of the If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the If the XP or the XP, or to the If OS or to the from the software CD-ROM
the from the software CD-ROM This section to the the when the as follows: The the XP, or The OS or and the OS XP or The on-screen displays the following the of OS. XP or XP or with the If the or the of the and the OS, to the from the Software CD-ROM. Access the shared and appear. Click OK then follow the on-screen instructions to the from the Software CD-ROM. the Software with
the Software CD-ROM, type the and which the located, then OK Select the of the OK then follow the on-screen instructions. the Software with XP, or found. appear. Click or XP or and The the OS used. OS or or XP
Chapter the Software with About the Software The software and EPSON The choose from of to the from the following to the EPSON the and from the Then the EPSON the of EPSON information. Accessing the To and its the The allows to easily the including and To the OS or OS or below), the of then the from the To the from the the Software with
To the from the The to the You the of through the With the the choosing from of or the Choosing the the You the of to or There of and high quality, memory and the selected the the of to the select. and the to You other such as or The the the Software with
Select from the and the Click then choose the from the If or memory-related appears, selecting allow to proceed. the Software with
the The to of such as or or Follow the below to the the Select from the and the Select Advanced You the the the right of the Software with
Select the from the to the type of or to choose other such as and automatically. shown the Summary the This the following Text/Graph that include text and such as Graphic/CAD and charts. ColorSync Automatically to match (High Quality) that to high-quality Advanced Text/Graph high-quality that include text and the Software with
Advanced Graphic/CAD high-quality charts, and Advanced high-quality and digitally-captured the to the or to Follow the below to the Click Advanced then More The following appears. Choose or Black as the the Software with
Choose from or Click OK to apply the and to the the following to OS users, Custom as Custom the You of OS or users, or the the the with this the Preset The Custom option of OS X. If the Advanced when of selected the Advanced the the selected the to The that selected affected this To to from the the other the each each the the Software with
the You or four and to specify the each to the specified You choose to surrounded the Select from the Select the of to of from the Click to the Software with The of OS X.
both of the You manually. the specified as to the both of the to clear the and the the Doing manually the Select from the and the Select the then the from Top or Right the Software with
Specify the Margin the front and back of the Select whether the front or back of the to as the Click to the Software with
the the MP with the as shown below. Then the B&W or the straighten If loaded, correctly. the Software with
You the Protect. the and from the then to the the front and the back of the Software with
the specified the the selected this the the of this the to the and memory shortage. the of the Select this to when which of memory to such as with of or graphics. Doing somewhat. this the the Software with Select this to the specified the Select this when both of the the function. Clear this when both of the using the function.
Automatically to Click this to the to the Click this to the or without the EPSON EPSON and information about its Accessing EPSON Click the of The appears. Select from the and the Software with Select this to the the and switch to the and white.
Click the Software with
You and information products using the EPSON This operating The and shows the The the shows the graphically. the Software with
Text The to the displays the of the the displayed. Clicking this the information the and Information information the The Information when the information the the function the the type and the amount of the Information the optional this option Indicates the amount of The toner flashes toner Photoconductor Indicates the functional Unit: of the photoconductor the Software with
Preferences To from the The appears. the Software with
The following and appear the Select Notification: the this to the of that to about. To the item to displayed, the The of the item as On or OK button: and the button: and the Select the information to the Information the EPSON this selected, the appears the the Software with To the when finished, the when completed This the the function
The what type of occurred and offers The once the cleared. This appear to the selected the Preferences when the the selected. To the the follow the instructions below. the and from the Click the and the the If to information about the button. If this the the cleared. To the to the Software with
the function You information the the Information the EPSON To the Information the information the then the Information the EPSON The which to printed. the Software with
the Other as the Computer: the of the connected to the the type. Selecting and clicking this the selected Refresh Clicking this refreshes the information this The the shared the Information the Software with The which the or The which currently. Completed: that finished Canceled: that canceled.
the USB If connecting USB to through USB to the first the The USB interface the used. If with this type of the USB directly to USB the Applications then the and the OS or OS or below) Click the Select EPSON USB or USB from the Select the Product then the OS or OS or below). the Software with
Canceling If the what expected and incorrect or characters or to the follow the instruction below to OS or OS or below) and from the Then, from the the the light the You the that from the the the to other users. Uninstalling the Software to or the to the software and the software CD-ROM Double-click the OS then the Double-click the Software with If the Authorization appears, the or phrase then OK
the software appears, the then Select Uninstall from the the then Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions. If the the the software, from the the the from the then the Network the This section to the The the network the that directly connected to of them. The that directly connected to the the and the other the which to the with the The the the the which of OS or This with OS operating the Software with
Chapter Scanning About the Software EPSON Scan EPSON Scan. EPSON Scan directly of the of With this software or and white and professional This the cross-platform interface and applications. You from that the TWAIN OS users: to EPSON Scan from the TWAIN TWAIN the interface (API) input (such as and the input and with to the Scanning
This You The following included the EPSON Creativity EPSON EPSON You using such as Photoshop. While when to EPSON Scan and the with the specified While the appear to the process, EPSON Scan that actually the You the EPSON Scan to specify scanning. EPSON This Scan Command Scanning Scanning
You EPSON Scan the both and OS X. This the Accessing EPSON Scan From the This section to EPSON Scan from Photoshop OS users: Photoshop to its Photoshop from the and then choose EPSON AL-CXXX EPSON Scan and the appears. Scanning users: Click to XP) or or and Photoshop OS users: Double-click the Applications HD, and then the Photoshop XP users: choose WIA-EPSON from the to the If the EPSON function
EPSON Scan directly If to without editing EPSON Scan directly. Scanned as the specified EPSON Scan. EPSON Scan and the appears. users: Double-click the EPSON Scan You EPSON Scan the shown below. Click to XP) or or to EPSON Scan and then EPSON Scan OS users: Click the EPSON Scan the Applications Scanning
to the rights of copyright owners. published text or without first their copyright using the heavy the of the Also, the with too force. Scanning To correctly, the the of the the Transportation
the turned and then the cover gently. the with the to facing the to the of the Scanning
the cover that the the Scanning The with of from the and from the scanned. of of If to the while photographs, each photograph least from its photographs. the clean. photographs the of as they to the the the otherwise the appear and of to the cover to interference from light.
Removing the cover thick or only) thick or the cover. To correctly, the the of the the the cover and straight to Scanning
the with the to facing and then the cover the Scanning thick such as to the from and the cover, follow the the cover force the cover, and Doing the cover.
only) The to sheets. You the following with the Can To correctly, the the of the the Capacity EPSON EPSON Recycled to Transportation B5*, A4, to thick) Scanning
the than when the Follow the below to the the the outward. Scanning
of the it and then the they with the of the ADF cover closed If the ADF cover the preemptively and the If the the from the top and then face-down. Scanning
Scanning EPSON Scan three to Office and Professional This section to the The using the the OS users: shown this section they appearance from what actually appears The instructions the as noted. You with that the memory or If to the appears the the than when the or higher, the to three than black-and-white scanning. the following that the software including EPSON Scan the or the only). EPSON Scan. Accessing EPSON Scan Select necessary. Choosing Scanning
Specify the and Destination to match the to Click the to the the EPSON Scan the to specify the output of the Also, to the necessary. Click Scan EPSON Scan scanning. Scanning
Scanned From scanned, to the below (using Photoshop as from the Photoshop and then the topics the The following Select when Format Explanation BITMAP (*.BMP) only) including and this JPEG (*.JPG) The selected. The JEPG relatively high the higher the ratio the the becomes. that the restored.) the the The TIFF recommended where and the required. Scanning
Format Explanation (*.TIF) TIFF where to the the they the (With other each to the this PDF (*.PDF) that of platforms. To PDF or the to or PDF, PICT (*.PCT) OS X. OS only) OS including and this TIFF (*.TIF) created such as graphic and DTP software. black-and-white specify the type. Scanning
EPSON Scan directly the as the specified the If the this cleared, the appear automatically. To the the arrow to the right of the Scan the EPSON Scan and then Specify location where If to the location, or Choose OS X) and then Specify with character and Scanning
Select from the following the selected the that If to the type character and The of of the and specified users, the following characters the OS users, the The To the MS -DOS the characters. Format Explanation BMP (*.BMP) only) including and this JPG (*.JPG) The selected. The JEPG relatively high the higher the ratio the the becomes. that the restored.) the the The TIFF recommended where and Scanning
Click OK The the specified location. Scanning Format Explanation (*.TIF) TIFF where to the using the they the (With other each to the this PDF (*.PDF) that of platforms. To PDF or the to or PDF, quality. PICT (*.PCT) OS X. OS only) OS including and this TIFF (*.TIF) created such as graphic and DTP software. black-and-white the type. EPSON Scan scanning. If to to the the If to the scanning, the this
Selecting the Scanning Choosing EPSON Scan three to Office and Professional The to easily without of Office The Office helpful when to the optional to of with the You easily and without this Professional the Professional there options to You correct, or them the Professional If the the selected, or OS X) the where the when EPSON Scan finishes scanning. Scanning
The following the to to the Office Professional Scanning N/A N/A brightness and of Removing Restoring N/A or N/A scratch of of the or art Scanning than N/A N/A Recommended Supported You choose and the as the following section. Scanning N/A
the You the from the the top right of the Click the arrow to the right of the and then to The when EPSON Scan to photographs Follow the below to photographs (reflective the Professional photographs the EPSON Scan and then the Professional to the Scanning
The appears. Specify the to match to the and the below. Scanning
Click the to the to specify the of the and then the necessary. Reflective Destination type. To ADF Source Select Select the To Scanning
Click Scan to scanning. The to the or the specified Select the specify high the of of the increases and the becomes increasing the the to increase. Specify to the The following the to to the scanning to and arts Follow the below to and arts the Professional With this of and arts and clearly Clearly reliably text OCR software. the or the only). EPSON Scan and then the Professional to the Scanning
The appears. Specify the to match to the and the below. Scanning
Click the to the to specify the of the and then the necessary. Scanning Reflective Source ADF Destination Black&White recommended. arts To To
Click Scan to scanning. The to the or the specified Follow the below to the Professional With this the of simplified to the from mottled. It of with re-touching the or the only). EPSON Scan and then the Professional to scanning the Scanning
The appears. Specify the to match to the and the below. Scanning
Click the to the to specify the of the and then specify the necessary. Reflective Source ADF Destination Smoothing Select Select the To To Scanning
Click Scan to scanning. The to the or the specified newspapers and Follow the below to newspapers and the Professional this as yellowish or the back of through. the EPSON Scan and then the Professional to the Scanning
The appears. the to match to the and the below. Scanning
Click the to the to specify the of the and then the necessary. Scanning Reflective Source Table Destination Select type. Select Select the To To
Click Scan to scanning. The to the or the specified EPSON Scan with of to the of to You easily the of the selecting the the this section, the information what and the from You or which to of halftone such as Follow the below to these This when the to greater than the or Professional this when Negative or B&W Negative selected You this when Black&White selected The of apply to the Scanning
Select the the section. the the first to to the Select the and the this function sharpness If the outline of the of the enough, the sharpness of the this the Professional (This the Follow the below. This when Smoothing, or Black&White selected Scanning
Select the Unsharp the section. Select the of You the of the brightness of or Follow the below. This when Click the Unsharp Unsharp Scanning
the items to the the clicking the Scanning
Restoration software that and photographs. Select the Restoration to the or Professional B&W Negative or Grayscale the of or photographs, the as Scanning
Scan You photographs and together the as the to Follow the below to originals the Professional the EPSON Scan and then the Professional to the Scanning If to using the while photographs, each photograph least from its photographs.
Specify the and Destination to match Click the to the The following appears. Scanning
You or Normal Preview. Click the arrow to the right of the and then or Normal the EPSON Scan the photographs, and then them as thumbnail Select the of to Scanning
the originals to EPSON to the or the as thumbnails. this the the Normal You the the Normal the to to You to Scanning
Specify the necessary. (You to to the of the Click Scan EPSON Scan scanning. The to the or the Scanning the of the already from the to the of the appears the You this to the of the to the apply the to of the once clicking the Normal Preview, to the appears, then OK the
the EPSON Scan the to the effects of EPSON Scan and Clicking the and the the and the arrow appears to the right of the allowing to Click the arrow and or Normal to the If there arrow to the right of the EPSON Scan the Normal when Scanning
Normal The Normal allows to the and the of and to You to selected of Click the to selected of the to the of the to and then this button. of the selection appears the allowing to the effects of Scanning
the of the already from the to the of the appears the You this to the of the to the The allows to EPSON Scan the and the to each You each and You to selected of Scanning
To that appears as thumbnail, the the to and then Scan To thumbnail the to and then choose the The selected around To apply the to of the thumbnail once, To and then the of the selected appears the allowing to the of Scanning
thumbnail the and the displayed the the the that around of to Normal Preview: You to and apply them to to using the Preview: You only thumbnail To the the the The becomes of cross-hairs. the and the cross-hairs of the and then release the to the The around the appears as indicating that active and resized. The where first anchored, the of the and Scanning
the within the (the of the selected to hand. You and the anywhere the If the while the the becomes restricted to the or the the of the to arrow, allowing to the If the arrow while the the resized proportionally. To or the and then the Scanning
Uninstalling the Software Follow the section below to EPSON Scan. To necessary to as user with who to the group). To XP, to with account. You as account You EPSON Scan from the EPSON To the the software CD the CD-ROM The shown this section XP. It from the Turn off the and then the from the the or XP users) or the or users). Scanning
Select EPSON Scan from the and then Change/Remove XP or users) or or users). appears, Follow the on-screen instructions. Click to the appear to to the to selected and then OS users To to with account. You as account the software CD the CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM top. Scanning
Double-click the EPSON Scan Double-click the OS and then the EPSON Scan the The appears. Select Uninstall from the pull-down the top and then Uninstall If the Authorization the the and OK and then Scanning
the the Scanning to This allows to the to to through or To using the the following software the To that directly connected to the to EPSON Scan and EPSON Creativity If connecting this to through launched pressing the Scan the selecting PC and then the Right The that to the EPSON launched. only): To that connected through to EPSON, EPSON Scan, and EPSON Creativity the or the with the If to specify the The following shows the items each the items, to Copy Scan Items Format PDF, TIFF, JPG Format PDF, TIFF, JPG Scanning A4, B5,
EPSON Scan and EPSON Creativity the the software CD-ROM. To EPSON from CD-ROM that EPSON. EPSON, and the to the on-screen Then, the the the the type. If the as the as black-and-white To correctly Network PC and Scan, or the the to the or Professional EPSON Scan Colors from the this to with USB or to and then the the turned and then the or the only). To correctly, the the of the the using this EPSON Scan and EPSON Creativity Follow the below to this Scanning
Press the Scan the Press the or to PC or Network PC and then the Right Press the or to and then the Right with the or Right to from PDF TIFF and JPEG Then to Scanning The Scan light and the Scan appears the LCD selecting PC: to the confirmed, to that the ready appears and selecting Network PC: Network appear the LCD Proceed to You from the following To with to To with to
with the Advanced/ Press the to Scan and then the Right Select and Press the B&W or the To the the or another This section to that which to when the B&W or the You to when the B&W or or allowing to choose from of Follow the below to these this EPSON Scan and EPSON Creativity OS users: You assign to the B&W or the This only. Scanning the the from the or the Scanning
XP users Click and then to Click the and the Right-click and then Select the Scanning
Select from the Select Select this and then from the To Apply and then OK If to the action the and users and users: Screen this section, they appearance from what actually appears The instructions the Click to and then Double-click the and If Prompt which to selected, when the pressed, appears to to from the to and to that appear the You to Apply whenever Scanning
users: Right-click and then Scanning and users: Select from the and Click
Select the Select from the and then the of the to this Clear the of the boxes. To Apply and then OK If selected, when the button, appears to to from the to and to that appear the to this You to Apply whenever users: to the Scanning
If to the the the Canceling Scanning the the Scan or the TWAIN stopped. while with the Professional or and the to the Professional Scanning Network Starting EPSON Scan that the and Network Card turned and properly. Then, follow the below to EPSON Scan and scanning. and XP, the to the software. XP, OS X, to the to the to the apply to users. Scanning
OS users: the Switching function while this the IP or of the Network Card from EPSON Scan Select from the users: Click to XP users) or and users) and EPSON Scan and then EPSON Scan OS users: Click the EPSON Scan the Scanning
the to Network the Network Cards IP or the Network field. Scanning
Click to the If everything properly, this indicated appearing the Click OK to the and then the Scanning Network that of the (this the optional EPSON Network Card, and the turned Also, EPSON Scan There to Click the Scan the EPSON Scan the the B&W or the the B&W or the the as clicking the Scan the EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the and then the Scan to scanning. EPSON Scan the and then the B&W or the Scanning
To allow each the Network Interface Card and Network Interface Card (NIC) the Network Interface Card and Network Interface Card (NIC) each the procedures, to the included with the the TCP/IP To the TCP/IP the follow the instructions below. XP and users XP users: shots this section, they appearance from what actually appears The instructions the as noted. XP users: Click right-click Network and then Scanning
Double-click users: Right-click the Network and then Scanning
Click that (TCP/IP) included the Scanning If the (TCP/IP) appears the to Scanning Network otherwise, to
Click The Network appears. Select from the and Select (TCP/IP) the Network and OK that (TCP/IP) and then Then, to Scanning Network Scanning
and users Click to and then Double-click the Network Click the Scanning appears. The Network appears.
that TCP/IP included the following network Click Select from the and then The Select Network appears. Scanning
Select Microsoft from the and TCP/IP from Network and then OK Follow the instructions the Then, to Scanning Network Scanning
the Application Software Software information EPSON only) EPSON them to and of EPSON the following LPR the directly connected with or as the from or XP other than EPSON and XP. The or higher. Scanning
EPSON with and EPSON Scan, EPSON allows to and with of B&W or Scan launched when the B&W or button. To EPSON instead of EPSON, the the and then the this switch EPSON and scanning. EPSON, the software and the to the on-screen EPSON started, the Scan appear The this or that This that and directly to these or clicking their icons. Scanning
SE SE business cards, which then SE the SE appears the Application of EPSON. Creativity The EPSON Creativity software that and the EPSON and and then them easy-to-use From there them, them to photo-sharing them to them to or them image-editing the Creativity from the software CD-ROM that with the following to Scanning
Scan EPSON to: from or memory and the directly to the to as thumbnails the as the Assign to the B&W or Search as slideshow Scanning
or EPSON when the B&W or the Scan You to launched when the B&W or EPSON or Scan Scan from the specify the location where and other from the Scan Scanning
to EPSON To with It and allows to attaching them. EPSON as thumbnails, the and of then to the to without the Scanning
Accessing the software EPSON EPSON the the Microsoft If appear, from the of and then EPSON EPSON the software CD-ROM. EPSON There three to EPSON. Double-click the EPSON the and or to the EPSON the Click to XP) or or to EPSON then EPSON OS X: Double-click the Applications HD, then the EPSON Next, the EPSON and then the EPSON Scanning
SE There to SE. Double-click the EPSON the then the the of the EPSON Click to XP) or or to EPSON then EPSON Then, the the of the EPSON EPSON There three to EPSON Double-click the EPSON the and or to the EPSON the Click to XP) or or to EPSON Creativity to and then EPSON Scanning To EPSON, or Network the EPSON Scan OS X: Double-click the Applications HD, then the EPSON Next, the EPSON and then the EPSON Then, the the of the EPSON
Scan There to Scan Double-click the EPSON the then from from the EPSON Click to XP) or or to EPSON Creativity and then Scan to There to EPSON to Double-click the EPSON the then the to the of the EPSON OS X: Double-click the Applications HD, then the EPSON Next, the Creativity and finally the EPSON Click Next when the Instructions displayed. The Instructions appear. If Not Next the displayed the the EPSON OS X: Double-click the Applications HD, then the EPSON Next, the Creativity and then the Scan Scanning
Click to XP) or or to EPSON Creativity then to To and then EPSON To There to EPSON Double-click the EPSON the then the the of the EPSON Click to XP) or or to EPSON Creativity then Scanning OS X: Double-click the Applications HD, then the EPSON Next, the Creativity and then the To Finally the EPSON To OS X: Double-click the Applications HD, then the EPSON Next, the Creativity and then the
Chapter Copying to Copy You the the or the only) the type of the scanning to the rights of copyright owners. published text or without first their copyright If both the and the the the scanned. Copying
Copying The copying the as that the copying the following types. You coated thick and such as or You A4, B5, and originals copying. originals with the The of the from the and Follow the below to the turned and the information to Loading Press the Copy the Copying MP EPSON Recycled Colored Optional EPSON Recycled Colored
the or the only). Specify the as necessary. to Copy Press the B&W or To black-and-white the B&W To the The Copy light and the LCD shows Copy seconds, and then to the If than and the to the the B&W or without copying with the existing Copying Copying
Canceling Copying the the while the LCD shows and the canceled. to Copy to other than the to the as follows. the or to items. the of You specify the of selecting from to The that the Copy If the Copy to the Copy Copying off the or another while copying as copying incorrectly. the and high with the memory MB), the properly of memory. memory that the memory MB or higher.
the to highlighted the LCD and then the of to the Selecting the You the type and of to the MP or the optional The copying the as that the copying the following types. You coated thick and such as or You specify the that the Copy If the Copy to the Copy You the Right or to increase or the MP EPSON Colored Optional EPSON Recycled Colored Copying
Press the or appears. Press the or Right appears. type You the following type of or black-and-white (Text/Photo) and sharpens the and the backgrounds. or other the and tonal Text containing only. Text appears and easy to read. effective when to the background QI (High containing information. Although copying higher obtained. the and high with the memory MB), the properly of memory. memory that the memory MB or higher. Copying the MP the from MP A4 MP B5 MP LGL and MP LT the optional the the LC A4 or LC LT
that the Copy If the Copy to the Copy Press the or DocType or B&W DocType appears. Press the or Right type appears. the You the selecting from to The higher the the the The the quality, the and the RGB that the Copy If the Copy to the Copy Press the or appears. Specify the The to highlighted. To increase or the the Right or respectively. The increases or
the You the selecting from to The higher the the greater the becomes. the to the The the the and the RGB that the Copy If the Copy to the Copy Press the or selected. Specify the the RGB You the RGB selecting from to (R), (G), and (B). The higher the the the The the the and the RGB only that the Copy If the Copy to the Copy Copying The to highlighted. To increase or the the Right or respectively. The increases or
Press the or or selected. Specify the strength. Specifying the ratio You ratio selecting from the or specifying from to of The ratio that the Copy If the Copy to the Copy the or the only). Press the to Specify ratio with of the following The to or highlighted. To increase or the strength, the Right or respectively. The increases or Selecting Press the or Right the ratio displayed. The following Ratio LGL LT Copying
The function to slightly reduce the to the the of the Normally, the of Therefore, when with text or the whole of of the text or the of copied. This function when On selected. that the Copy If the Copy to the Copy the or the only). Press the to Copy Press the or Right to On and Copying Ratio A4 B5 B5 A4 HLT LG You and the If the or Right the the to the displayed.
You sheets of This function the following A4, B5, and A4, B5, and The sheet A4 A4 B5 N/A N/A B5 A4 B5 N/A N/A A4 N/A B5 N/A A4 N/A B5 N/A Copying
that the Copy If the Copy to the Copy the or the only). Press the Advanced/Menu button. Press the to and then the Right Specify the as necessary. to Copy Press the B&W or to copying. To black-and-white the B&W button. To the the the the B&W or prompting to the and to whether there or displayed the LCD the the and the B&W or the automatically, and then scanning If of sheets the of the Copying The Copy advanced appears.
the The currently selected to the the Pressing the while to the and the LCD to the the the LCD To to the factory follow the below. the Press the The light and the appears the LCD Press the Copy appears, and then the Right Press the to Factory and then the Right that Factory selected, and then the Right to the factory the to the Copying
Restrictions Copying of this the following to the and of this Copying of the following items prohibited and Unused postcards, and other official items Government-issued and issued to when copying the following items monthly Passports, warrants of food of copyrighted improperly copying copyrighted acting the of knowledgeable attorney, and the of the copyright copying published
Chapter Only) to You the the or the the type of the to the rights of copyright owners. published text or without first their copyright If both the and the only the the scanned. You A4, and originals only with the The from the when than A4 transmitted A4 You B5 A4 the as below. Only)
Scanning A4 Scanning Rotated and A4 B5 A4 of that the Press the the Only) The light and the LCD shows seconds, then to the
the or the the directly from the the the necessary. off the or another while faxing, as the incorrectly. If than and the to the of characters to If incorrect the character to the Pressing the or Right the or right. the to and the the instead of the the the while the the You the One Touch button or the the one-touch function or the function Only)
Press the B&W or to the To black-and-white the B&W To the using the function the choosing the from the the LCD You to the the function, to information or the EPSON only) that the If the to the Only) You the Quality, Polling reception, and Overseas Selecting the the B&W or without the with the existing the black-and-white as black-and-white the
the or the Press the the Press the or selected, then the Right the necessary. The appears the LCD The selected appears the top the LCD You the directly. To the of the assigned the Advanced/Menu while the selected. To to the the Advanced/Menu or the You the Quality, receptions, and Overseas Selecting the Only)
Press the B&W or to the To black-and-white the B&W To the using the one-touch function assigned the One Touch or C to the the One using the One Touch the transmitted as black-and-white the one-touch function, to information or the EPSON only) Pressing One Touch or C the the or the Only) the B&W or without the with the existing the only black-and-white as black-and-white the
Press One Touch or C function group, the to the choosing the You to the the function, the as black-and-white the function, to as EPSON Utility. that the If the to the The assigned One Touch or C appears the top of the items, and then Only) Press to SEIKO EPSON
the or Press the the Press the or selected, then the Right the necessary. Only) The appears the LCD The selected appears the top the LCD To the of the group, the Advanced/Menu while selected. To to the the Advanced/Menu or the You the Quality, Polling reception, and Overseas Selecting the
Press the B&W to the from telephone attached from the This function only black-and-white the or the while the attached the Press the B&W the to the the B&W without the with the existing Only)
The A4, B5, or when the match the the of the to the as follows. Only) A4 B5 Rotated A4 both Rotated Reduced both Rotated both
Rotated: rotated. Reduced: reduced the only. both Both of the both the MP and the optional the MP printed. of the attached from four reception The to the To the reception follow the below. the Press the the the and the the location of the header information (head of the item switching The the phone and the the phone specified the Attached Timeout The and the The the reception TAM attached while incoming the the Only)
Press the to then the Right button. Press the to Reception then the Right Press the to Incoming then the Right Only) The light and the appears the LCD The Reception appears.
Press the or to reception then the Right To the the or another when hear tones This function to the incoming the attached To this function, to attached and Incoming Reception to to switching to the incoming the attached Press the B&W or the This function to the information the other partys to that the If the to the the other partys the The as they received. Only)
Press the or appears, then the or Right to On hear sound or the B&W or to the to Selecting the You the following or with the You the from A4, and with the that the If the to the selected. If the to the Press the or Right appears. Press the to the or other necessary. Only)
specify the from to the The the the the that the If the to the Press the to Press the or Right to specify Press the to the or other necessary. black-and-white specify the to the type. You the following You the the directly with the Items with Qlty (Quality) transmitted with the and background-clearance active. Effective such as and High QI Effective when containing (High Quality) characters, graphics or thin Although the lower, transmitted. Only)
Items Effective with the and tonal that the If the to the Press the to Qlty Press the or Right appears. Press the three to the or other necessary. Reception You specify whether to the reception function. On the that the If the to the Press the or appears. Press the or Right to On or Press the to the reception or other necessary. Overseas overseas, this function to On Only)
that the If the to the Press the or Overseas appears. Press the or Right to On or Press the to the overseas or other necessary. outgoing You the of and whether to the information with This function to the and the when to to the to The of and If the function, Press the the Press the to then the Right Press the to then the Right The light and the appears the LCD The appears. Only)
selected, then the Right button. Press the or to specify of To the the or another information This function to information with Info to On the of and the top of the when of the the information overwrites the Press the the Only) You the of the the On Prints the information the information The light and the appears the LCD
Press the to then the Right button. Press the to then the Right button. Press the to Info then the Right Press the or to On then the Right To the the or another incoming You the following items Reception Press the the Press the to then the Right The appears. Reception items MP, LC Incoming switching, only, only, TAM Attached Timeout to DRPD On, The light and the appears the LCD Only)
Press the to Reception then the Right Press the or to the item to then the Right Press the or to To the the or another Function You the following reports or information to information and of Prints one-touch and information. Activity Prints Activity Prints the items. Memory Info Prints the information the memory. Only) The appears. Timeout, the of seconds with the
that the If the to the Press the Advanced/Menu that selected, and then the Right Press the or to the or to and then the Right You specify the following of and items Activity This and reception information. You specify whether to or to them. On Prints this every this automatically. This information such as of and You when this On Prints this each Prints this only when this Only)
of and items Trans This information You specify when this Follow the below to the the Press the Press the to then the Right Press the or Communication appears, then the Right Press the or to then the Right Press the or to then the Right To the the or another Only) On Prints this each using Prints this when this The light and the appears the LCD The appears. The Communication appears.
Information This function to the or reception. the Press the Press the Advanced/Menu Press the to Information then the Right Press the to information, then the Right To the the or another Canceling If the while transmitted or received, the LCD shows and the canceled. item Memory Info the memory FAX the of to transmitted. FAX Reception the of to printed. The light and the appears the LCD The Information appears. Only)
using the or one-touch function, to the information You from EPSON or the the While function such as sending/receiving or EPSON to the as group, EPSON EPSON Utility. the EPSON only) EPSON and XP, the to the software. Follow the below to EPSON Utility. that the off and the software CD the CD-ROM Only)
Click Then follow the on-screen instructions. the following appears, Custom Only)
Select the then Then follow the on-screen instructions. the Only)
Accessing EPSON EPSON Utility, the If the other than such as Copy with EPSON Follow the below to EPSON Utility. Click to XP) or or EPSON and then While or downloading and the and or received. EPSON appears. using EPSON Utility, the software Only)
the the You or one-touch or the the as group, EPSON You to the the turned and then the Press the to then the Right Press the or appears, then the Right that selected, and then the Right Only) The light and the appears the LCD The appears. The appears.
Press the or to the as NONE and then the Right Press the to NO= and then the Right To to the EPSON Utility. Only)
the to and then the Right You to another the the turned and then the Press the to then the Right Only) To while the to back to character or the The to the To or the or The light and the appears the LCD The appears.
Press the or appears, then the Right that selected, and then the Right Press the or to the to and then the Right that selected, and then the Right button. Press the to NO= and then the Right The appears. Only)
the to and then the Right You the the turned and then the Press the to then the Right Only) to the EPSON Utility. To while the or the The to the the The light and the appears the LCD The appears.
Press the or appears, then the Right that selected, and then the Right Press the or to the to and then the Right Press the to and then the Right Press the to and then the Right The appears. To clear that the Clear and the Right The the Only)
You from the the One Touch or C the turned and then the Press the to then the Right Press the or appears, then the Right Press the to One-Touch and then the Right Press the to one-touch A, B, or C as NONE and then the Right button. Only) The light and the appears the LCD The appears. The One-Touch appears.
Press the to to assign the One Touch and then the Right Reassigning You reassign from the the One Touch or C the turned and then the Press the to then the Right The selected assigned the One Touch A, B, or C. To or assigned the one-touch Reassigning or The light and the appears the LCD The appears. Only)
Press the or selected, then the Right Press the to One-Touch and then the Right Press the to one-touch A, B, or C to and then the Right that selected, and then the Right Only) The One-Touch appears.
Press the to the to reassign the One Touch and then the Right You from the assigned One Touch or C the turned and then the Press the to then the Right Press the or appears, then the Right Press the to One-Touch and then the Right The selected assigned to the One Touch then displayed the one-touch The light and the appears the LCD The appears. The One-Touch appears. Only)
Press the to the One Touch or C and then the Right button. Press the to and then the Right Press the to confirmation, and then the Right Only) The assigned the one-touch
the Selecting You this as and the turned the automatically. using of these function the the appears the LCD as the There three buttons the that allow to switch the four Copy and Scan the this the the If than and the to the If while the that the to the the the
You switch the following occurred the whole such as service or of the You to To the the The of this While the the light and the following appears. the process, other the
Copy Copy the To the function, the to the Copy While the Copy the following appears. reception while If the Copy while Copy the to the the
only) the To the function, the to the While the the following appears. If than and the to the while the If the to the TWAIN when the operating) and the interface the
Scan Scan the To the function, the to the Scan While the Scan the following appears. Scan TWAIN reception, and Scan while Scan the If the to the the
the This section to the and when to the You the the LCD to of that allow to to You the following faxing, scanning, and the items this to the following Information I/F this to the following interface USB Network this to the following only). Reception Communication Factory Copy this to the following Copy Function Factory Scan this to the following the
from the and to the fact, using the the to software or to the of the items and the the and then the the and to and then the Right to the items the The light and the LCD shows seconds, and then to the arrow the LCD the currently or Right the the operation. the
the and buttons to through the items, and then the Right to the indicated the selected or to the the the the To to the (higher) the The the To switch to another the following Press the Copy or Scan to switch to the Press the to switch to the
Press the and buttons to through the The and items appear the as below. and items appear when optional or Information From this the toner and the service of products. You and showing the and summary of features. Press the or to Press the Right to or This item appears only when the interface This item and Item Network Information C to to to to Photocon to to to B/W to the
showing the and These to whether options correctly. Network Information Prints showing the of the C /M /Y /K Photocon the amount of toner the toner and the service of the photoconductor from to The C, M, Y, or the and Black respectively. the of the the of the B/W the of and white the the
This allows to specify the and type of the MP Accessing this the of the currently the optional The type this from these whenever MP Select from this LC1 the the and optional MP the type the MP LC1 the type the and optional optional Item MP A4, B5, LT HLT LGL GLT (Government GLG (Government EXE F4, Mon (Monarch), C10, DL, C5, C6, IB5 (ISO B5) LC1 A4, LT MP Thick), Recycled, Color, Trnsprncy (Transparency), LC1 Thick), Recycled, the
This allows to basic related to feeding and You this to the LCD Item English, Spanish, Swedish, Danish, Finnish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, to MP On, On Cont On LCD to YY/MM/DD, HH/MM DD/MM/YY, MM/DD/YY, YY/MM/DD Format This item the the the LCD and that the MP This whether the MP the higher or when selected as the Source the On selected, the MP the higher as the If the MP the priority. the
If to On this item the the the the specified This of the toner that the properly. this item turned off, the this the of when of the following or Memory Overflow. this option off, the B&W or to LCD the of the LCD the and buttons or the to the (lowest and (highest only) the and The YY MM DD HH and MM the Month, and respectively. To specify the and the and or only) the the The DD MM and YY the Month, and respectively. the
This allows to and the Clear Warning Clears that shows those that from products or mandatory-replacement Clear Clears that appear the LCD and clears the from the active interface. You to the when there with the and the successfully. clears the memory, and the to their The from interfaces Performing clears from interfaces. to Selectype the to their toner C/M/Y/K the indicated toner Cartridge the
Counter the service when the On selected, the of the when front of the This shortens the amount of the to of The This function. You to ordinary the becomes as the increases. Item to to Thick to ExtraThk to Card to Envelope to to Scan to the
the high becomes as the increases. Thick the thick becomes as the increases. ExtraThk the thick becomes as the increases. Card the postcards. becomes as the increases. Envelope the becomes as the increases. the which to The the as the increases. This when or the first Scan the which to The to the right of the as the increases. This when or the first the finishing the the
USB These the and the when using USB interface. this item the or the turned While reflected the the or the turned Displayed only when USB connected and the USB I/F Confg to The of the the USB Displayed only when the to This the from or PING to the to or PING the displayed. the from the Item USB I/F USB HS, FS USB ExtI/FConfg PING IP (IP to SM to GW (Gateway to On, On, MS On, On, USB EXT I/F the
USB I/F Allows to or the USB interface. USB Allows to the operation of USB interface. Selecting HS recommended. Select FS HS Network the Network each This the This allows to the the Item PSTN, PBX, FlashStart to characters to Country/Area Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, U.K., Poland, New Zealand, U.S.A., the
This item and the with EPSON Utility. to the country/area Press the the when to Personal Also, the the when to This allows to the the Reception This allows to specify the reception the Item English, Spanish, Swedish, Danish, Finnish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, Item to Info On, Overseas On, Item Polling Reception On, MP, LC the
Item Incoming switching, only, only, TAM Reduction On, Attached to Timeout DRPD On, This allows to the following items. Item One-Touch Clear Clears information. Communication This allows to specify when to the following Item Activity On, On, Only, Trans On, Only, the
Factory Copy Scan Item Factory to their factory Item Copy Function activity to their Factory to their factory Item the to the the
Sheet To the of the and that the options correctly, the Follow the below to the turned and the the the
Press the to the The light and appears the LCD selected, and then the Right The appears. Information selected, and then the Right selected, and then the Right Confirm that the information about the options correct. If the options correctly, they appear If the options listed, them. If the options correctly, that they securely connected to the If to the to The light and the the
the the option information manually. Optional Canceling Canceling You from the To from Canceling or Canceling Macintosh). the The the and to Pressing this the currently Pressing and holding the than three seconds from the memory, including the currently or the Selecting from the clears the from the active interface, and clears that occurred the interface. Follow the below to the to the Press the selected, and then the Right the
Press the or selected, then the Right Press the to Press the Right Canceling the the Scan or the TWAIN Canceling copying the while Copy the LCD shows and the canceled. Canceling the the while the LCD shows and the canceled. canceled. The appears the LCD and the ready to the
the This function to the the memory. that the If the to the Press the Advanced/Menu Press the to Information and then the Right Press the to and then the Right Press the or to the to and then the Press the or to confirmation, and then the Right the The FAX displayed. To the the memory, the or FAX Reception selected and the Right Then the incoming to from the FAX Reception
and This section of shown the LCD They of each and correcting the that shown the LCD the displayed the of the warning occurred. The This and clear about or the of the While the displays this the covers or turn off the The the memory, including the currently or This appears when the than three seconds. The the This appears when the and released within three seconds. Cant The incorrect. that the used. the
Transparency You other than when the type the Transparency or when the the to Transparency the MP To clear the the MP The from the of the to the of the specified To clear this Clear Warning from the to the instructions. The the match the type the that matches the To clear this Clear Warning from the to the instructions. Unmatched The match the the The of the that and the of the the of the and firmware. or service the
The ejecting to This appears when the B&W or once to the offline, then holding the B&W or than three seconds to feed command. There memory to the the specified quality. The lowers the that If the of the simplifying the the of graphics or reducing the and of To clear this Clear Warning from the the to the instructions. You to increase the amount of memory to to the information memory, Memory Photoconductor There photoconductor or the photoconductor properly. the photoconductor it If photoconductor already cover B. the and the photoconductor then correctly. Then B. The clears the photoconductor correctly. the
TnrCart The indicated toner the (The C, M, Y, and appear of and the and Black respectively.) the indicated Cartridge The the while or the Press the B&W or to clear the N/W There or the with service The of the too high to Turn off the and because the of the finished the the that the MP and the B&W or The feed specified the the indicated loaded, then the B&W or the
Memory Overflow The memory to the Press the B&W or the to or the to the The toner toner toner quality. or from the of products or toner recommended. Press the B&W or the to The toner (The C, M, Y, and appear of and the and Black respectively.) toner recommended. toner quality. or from the of products or or Clear Warning or Clear from the to clear the warning Cartridge instructions the toner Optional RAM The optional memory or incorrect. with the
WWWWW The location where the occurred displayed WWWWW WWWWW the location of the If or locations the locations displayed. Location C cover C. instructions to cover C, C (cover C) cover E. instructions to cover E, (cover E) cover F. instructions to cover F, (cover F) MP the MP instructions to the MP MP (MP LC the instructions clearing this type of LC/G (optional and G) cover G. instructions to cover G, LC/G (optional and cover G) There the of the the the
The the specified match the the with the and the B&W or to or the to the If the B&W or without the the the though match the Photoconductor Trouble read/write occurred the photoconductor the photoconductor and If that to clear the the photoconductor To the photoconductor Photoconductor Unit Please The toner to to the the The to the the the too Press the B&W or to or the to the If this appears the If to this when simplifying the the of graphics or reducing the and of You memory to the as Memory the
RAM CHECK The the RAM. Ready The ready to and Photoconductor the the photoconductor toner cover B, the photoconductor then cover B. Photoconductor The photoconductor reached the of its service life. the photoconductor with Photoconductor Unit instructions. The clears the and covers. The photoconductor service counter automatically. the light the B&W or the from then The the indicated reached the of its service life. (The C, M, Y, and appear of and the Yellow, and Black respectively.) the with The clears the and covers. The toner service counter automatically. the
The interface and the cleared. However, other interfaces active and their and to the or to the that to while the Press the B&W or to clear this The finished. Alternatively clear this or the However, the ROM CHECK The the ROM. Service Cffff/Service or detected. Turn off the least seconds, then back If the appears, write the the LCD off the the cord, then service representative. The currently This when the or the pressed. the
read/write occurred the indicated toner (The C, M, Y, and appear of and the Yellow, and Black respectively.) the toner and them. If that to clear the the toner To the indicated Cartridge Clear The clear the the This that the toner the indicated the of its service life. (The C, M, Y, and appear of and the Yellow, and Black respectively.) toner Warming The that copying, faxing, or Worn This that the reached the of its service life. the
Worn Photoconductor This that the photoconductor reached the of its service life. this appears guaranteed. Turn the off, then the photoconductor with Photoconductor Unit instructions. The clears the and the covers. Worn Unit The the indicated reached the of its service life. (The C, M, Y, and appear of and the and Black respectively.) You this appears, recommended to the and ROM The to write to the ROM correctly. You the ROM the ROM ROM Writing ROM The writing the ROM the ROM P. Photoconductor photoconductor the photoconductor products Photoconductor Unit instructions the photoconductor the
toner installed. the toner products Cartridge instructions the toner The C, M, Y, and appear of and the Yellow, and Black respectively. The specified securely. the cover once, then ADF occurred the This when the turned off Cover This that the ADF cover when the the the the ADF cover, and then the to normally to the Scan The connected with the the or obtained. the
PC to normally to USB interface Scan The connected with the or the Release Carriage occurred when the to the To clear the the LCD the to the and then the or the B&W or to the The ADF cover occurred the Turn off the and then turn If the or of when off turning the when when while the
Communication to occurred the Turn off the and then If the or memory to or receptions to memory the the the memory finished, and then try Info. This appears when specify or that the Please This appears completed. to This appears when manually or using the memory function, the appear. to ADF This appears when the the the
to this appears when while the only black-and-white this appear transmitted as black-and-white This appears when that the memory to to memory of the the finished and copying or memory. the and high-quality with the memory MB), the properly of memory. memory that the memory MB or higher. This appears when turned the without the the correctly the and then the If the or the
Network The incorrectly. the correctly, and then the If the or Optional RAM memory occurred. the optional memory correctly, and then the If the or ADF This appears when turned the without the the correctly the and then the If the or Service C2000 occurred to the
Chapter Optional Unit about the and that with the optional Optional Unit specifications, Optional Unit to the following options: The about EPSON CX11NF/CX11F, and about EPSON CX11N/CX11, products. One should to or people should the from the shown below.
Warning: the of the If the incorrectly, and the the the of the the locked the optional Follow the below to the optional Turn the off and the and interface the optional of the then the protective originals the
the optional where to the Then, the the optional each of the corners with those of the then the securely the Warning: the of the heaver. people should the the The and optional heavy to them when them.
the from the optional the fixing the optional then them clockwise to the and the together.
the the optional users: If EPSON to manually the Optional
the interface and cord, then the To that the option correctly, the optional the users: attached or to the OS or OS or below), and then the
Memory In-line Memory (DIMM), increase memory to MB. You to memory graphics. This three memory of which MB MB already the of memory Follow the below to optional memory Warning: when the as and memory to electricity touching grounded of Turn the off and the and interface
the option cover the the screw from the cover. the memory (s). memory and the memory which the
the memory the the memory that the (white) memory normally when increase memory using memory and to the MB DIMM from first, and then optional force the memory the to the memory facing the You should from the board. the
the option cover with the screw as shown below. the interface and cord, and the users: If EPSON to manually the Optional
To that the option correctly, Removing memory memory to electricity touching grounded of Warning: when the as and the memory from its the and the memory as shown below. users: attached or to the OS or OS or below), and then the
Chapter and Transportation the following the LCD or the of EPSON the products. You to appears, early to and the of LCD Worn Photoconductor The photoconductor the of its service life. the photoconductor with Worn The reached the of its service life. Worn Unit The reached the of its service life. (The C, M, Y, and appear of and the Yellow, and Black respectively.) The toner the indicated the of its service life. toner (The C, M, Y, and appear of and the Yellow, and Black respectively.) the To clear the warning, the from then Clear Warning and Transportation
If reaches the of its service life, the and displays the following the LCD or the of EPSON this the the products. The C, M, Y, and appear this indicating the of the toner to replaced. the that the amount of toner the yellow toner appear the LCD other products. when with If what expected, the The with might the If the the LCD The indicated toner empty. Photoconductor The photoconductor to the of its service life. this the LCD to the B&W or the The the LCD from Photoconductor to Worn Photoconductor and Transportation
Cartridge the following when the toner recommended. toner or from the of products or toner them smooth If toner from cool to least hour to from Warning: the the toner from If toner or clothes, off with and immediately. and Transportation products of the reach of of fire, as they and injury. of them to regulations. If toner and or cloth with and to it the fire or they with cleaner.
toner Follow the below to toner Turn the the of the toner to the LCD and then A. the right to the toner and Transportation
the toner from the the toner of its and the toner as shown below. the and the toner and and Transportation
the the securely with the arrow the top of the toner facing cover A. the right to the toner The toner securely when the right turned further. that the toner securely. and Transportation
cover A. Confirm the the LCD another toner to replaced, displayed. to to the Photoconductor Unit the following when the products: The photoconductor to the when carrying the photoconductor to light than necessary. and Transportation
to scratch the of the and Also, touching the from permanently its and To the quality, the photoconductor to sunlight, or (such as locations to or or humidity. the photoconductor Warning: the the when or the Touching the cover of the to which the and the photoconductor Follow the below to the photoconductor of the products fire, as they and of them to products of the reach of and Transportation
Turn the the and Transportation the that the cover closed firmly. the the when or the Touching the cover of the to which the and injury.
the cover B. cover B. and Transportation
the cover B. and Transportation Warning: to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding
the photoconductor the photoconductor of its and the protective the the top of the or the photoconductor the the photoconductor exposing to light than necessary. and Transportation
the photoconductor its and the clicks while the arrow the and Transportation the the
the yellow and then cover B. the necessary. the to the and Transportation
Cleaning the Product The only cleaning. If the or off the and clean with cloth with or thinner to the cover. These chemicals the and the to the or
Cleaning the Follow the below to the the MP cover, then the Gently the of the the MP with cloth.
Cleaning the head Follow the below to the head. the cover the right of the Then, cover A. cleaning the to the
the cleaning the right of the the and once. the completely and the cleaned effectively.
back the cleaning the right of the cover A, then the cover.
Cleaning the the decreased, the and once to the Cleaning the head Cleaning the the decreased, the cover and the with cloth.
Cleaning the ADF the to feed the ADF cover, and the with cloth and
Transporting the Product If to the and Follow the below to the to the the To the Scan and then the the of the the Turn off the and the following items:
the protective the then the its the the the of the the the to the following when to the If the its own, people should and the Follow the below to the option when the optional photoconductor interface
Turn off the and the following items. option when the optional photoconductor interface
to the the as shown below. the Warning: the of the people should the the
the relocating the choose location that easy operation and the following as the amount of around the to smooth operation. shown the below
To and of the following the indicated amount of The 500-Sheet Unit to the of the to the following when to the the where easily the cord. the and from of interference, such as or the of telephones. outlet that switches or timers. of information and memory. around the to allow locations that to sunlight, heat, or using outlets that other grounded outlet that matches the outlet that the this
Chapter Other Clearing If becomes the the light off and light (red) The LCD and EPSON Clear the following the of the cover displayed the or EPSON Precautions clearing to the following when clear force. Torn to and might other to tearing. to with both to tearing If torn and the or this chapter, that the type that the as the the Other
Warning: to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding C (cover C) Follow the below to clear cover C. the that the closed firmly. the Other hand the as and
C. the the when or the Touching the of the to which the and Other
the of the to the holding the and of to tear the Other Warning: to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding
the of the cover C. Other
the to the (cover E) Follow the below to clear cover E. cover E. Other
Gently sheets of with both to tear the cover E. (cover F) Follow the below to clear cover F. Other
the that the cover closed firmly. the Other the the when or the the of the to which the and
cover C, then the the to cover E, and then cover F. Other
Gently of with both to tear the F, and then cover E. Other
the the then cover C. the to the Other
MP (MP Follow the below to clear the MP the MP cover and that loaded. Gently sheets of that the Other
the and the MP cover. and A. the from the MP to and cover the MP cover to clear the Other
LC/G (optional and cover G) Follow the below to clear the optional and cover G. the from the optional Other
If of that the the Other
cover G. sheets of with both to tear the Other If the the optional or to there cover G, to
cover G. the MP follow the below to clear the the MP cover and that loaded. Other
cover E. Then, with both to tear the transparency. the the MP Other
and cover A. the the cover. the from the MP to and the MP cover to clear the Other
Gently of with both to tear the If the to the Other
Gently sheets of the as below. the cover. properly What to The that the correctly. the the The that selected the correct. Other
What to There the the selected The of from the Too the MP or The that the curled. If feed from the optional the properly. To options correctly, Other that the MP or LC1 the the that to too sheets of the each Loading instructions the Optional Unit
feed from the optional What to The optional Optional Unit properly. instructions optional The selected the correct. There the the selected Too that to the too of the The of of to The that the correctly. selected the the when using the optional What to The the Clearing optional to clear Other
option What to The option users: the Optional to the the connected with and EPSON the of the EPSON Correcting USB If the with USB below, and recommended USB USB or the of USB the following should the directly to the USB If USB that the to the first-tier Other users: attached or options, to the OS or OS or below), and then the
operating with XP, or that with and to or that with or and to XP. You to or the USB that these or that with built-in USB about software Incorrect or software to USB of the following and the recommended to Checking software XP, or XP, or follow the the with the to the software. Microsofts Universal instead. To the Universal follow the below. the then right-click the of Click Preferences the shortcut that appears, then right-click anywhere the If About displayed the shortcut that appears, If with the appears, the software as the If About displayed, the software correctly. Other
the Not appears the process, If to the software XP or the Software appears the process, If STOP to the software Checking software and If the plug-and-play or the the USB or the software incorrectly Follow the below to that the and software correctly. The shown this section from slightly. Access the Accessing the then the Other
Right-click the then Click the If EPUSBX: (EPSON CXXX) displayed the to the following then the USB and software correctly. If the displayed, to the Other
Other If correctly EPSON USB Devices should appear the
If EPSON USB Devices appear the the Other to the If USB or EPSON CXXX appears Other the software correctly. Proceed to If neither USB EPSON CXXX appears Other Refresh or the USB from the then the Once confirmed that these items appear, to Other
Other USB or EPSON CXXX then OK Uninstall the software as Uninstalling the Software Turn the off, then the software as the Other the following appears, OK then OK to the
To the of the and that the options correctly, using the Follow the below to the turned and the the Press the to the The light and appears the LCD selected, and then the Right The appears. Information selected, and then the Right selected, and then the Right Other
Confirm that the information about the options correct. If the options correctly, they appear If the options listed, them. If the options correctly, that they securely connected to the If to the to the the option information manually. Optional Other The light and the
Chapter The light What to The properly the The switch or The light off) What to Press the B&W or The offline. once to switch the to ready Turn off the the the and the then the back that the switch turned or another the outlet to whether the outlet operating properly.
The light nothing What to properly connected to the The interface both of the interface securely. the and the If using interface, to the the You using the If interface, interface that the double-shielded, twisted-pair interface than length. software properly memory too to the of the Connecting the Product the If the USB interface, Revision that the selected software. reducing the of the software, or memory
The function What to EPSON or the URL the installation. Information about the slightly from the What to The specified the Info too EPSON correctly. EPSON The information about such as the toner or photoconductor life, displayed the updated to the specified the Info Therefore, the too there the amount Shorten the or the Information the Info
Printout Printout What to The interface that both of the interface securely. securely. You the If interface, interface that the double-shielded, twisted-pair interface than length. If correctly, or service What to Black selected as the this to the If USB interface, Revision
What to The the The when from What to and that the the to the More the then If the the the each about the More or
The from what the What to Printed exactly match the products and RGB (red, and while products typically CMYK yellow, and Macintosh, the To apply ColorSync properly, Profile input and the ColorSync, and Profile PhotoEnhance The PhotoEnhance corrects the selected the and brightness of the and Although to match perfectly, selecting the ICM XP, or or ColorSync matching the and the
Quality The background or What to You the type of The the Clean internal three with character White appear the What to The the Turn off the Clean internal three with only character If the of too rough, printed characters appear or EPSON or smooth, high-quality recommended types information choosing
or tone What to or or The head dirty. Cleaning the head and the head. There toner If the the LCD or the toner EPSON that the amount of toner the toner Cartridge You the toner with the following the the There with the photoconductor the photoconductor Photoconductor Unit Half-tone What to or or to that unwrapped.
What to The too On the the when graphics. More the the There toner If the the LCD or the toner EPSON that the amount of toner the toner Cartridge You the toner with the following the the There with the photoconductor the photoconductor Photoconductor Unit The head Cleaning the head and the head. What to or or You the type of or smooth, high-quality recommended types information choosing
What to The the Clean internal three with character There with the photoconductor the photoconductor Photoconductor Unit the What to or This to the The higher the the the the or You the type of If the of too rough, characters appear or or smooth, high-quality recommended types information choosing
Completely What to The the and than it to the edges, then the There toner If the the LCD or the the toner EPSON that the amount of toner the toner Cartridge You the toner with the following the the The with interface or The the incorrect. the the There with the photoconductor the photoconductor Photoconductor Unit Confirm the and interface and If ejected, the with the Turn off the and
The light or What to or or The Turn off the the There toner If the the LCD or the toner EPSON that the amount of toner the toner Cartridge You the toner with the following the the There with the photoconductor the photoconductor Photoconductor Unit The head dirty. Cleaning the head and the head.
The of the What to Clean internal the path. three with only character Memory What to The the of memory, and the lowers the that the to the If memory or temporarily the
memory What to The memory memory or temporarily the memory to What to The memory to of printed. the of or memory. information memory, Memory
Scanning while using the often the of software and of: Incorrect of the interface Incorrect of or software Incorrect of software the to that the the Also, the that with and software The light the and the turned the If or The or of the following the light (ready scanning). Scanning
properly USB other than the the USB that with The properly when connected to the through than this the directly to the USB or through only. Pressing the scanning. or of the following EPSON Scan XP users: Click the and action selected. Also, the selected the Select and this selected. and users: Click the and the clear. Also, the selected the and the the to this selected. OS Scanning the the B&W or Therefore, the Initially, the who the software using the B&W or other users, they first EPSON the Applications they the to the to
Pressing the OS the the software OS the You or of the following least from each other. Software You EPSON Scan. or of the following the turned Turn off the and the Then the the and the that EPSON Scan selected software. On the appears type without or If the appears with the or or as Unknown type, EPSON Scan. Then following the instructions Scanning
The software properly. or of the following XP and users: whether appears than once. To the and from the and then EPSON Scan following the instructions and users: whether than once the and To the the and from the of and then EPSON Scan following the instructions the memory and other specified the software the enough memory software. If the enough memory software and Scanning
Scanned The of scanned. the from the of the to The with of from both and scanned. The the the of the the The the when the Scan of of These reflective that the Scanning
or only appear as the or of the following the the of the with the to facing with the Black&White the or the Professional the Threshold of from the If both and this the malfunctioning. of appears the If this both and this that the or scratched. Clean the Black appear the or the the the of the the The the when the Scan Scanning
straight the the perfectly straight the the and with the the top and of the The or or of the following the the heavy the the while scanning. the the of the such as or the the Select Unsharp the Professional If appear the (cross-hatch) appear the information. Select and Continuous the or the the the Professional the Scanning
If this of the the the that or Colors or the of the or of the following that thick or the the of the with to the light. the the heavy the softwares the the Professional The or of the following softwares Brightness the the or the and the the Professional the and of Select and Continuous the or the the the Professional Scanning
the of such as or the the Destination the or the Professional the as the Selecting the on-screen to from the of the however, the correctly when the printed. (cross-hatch) appear the cross-hatch that appears the when It of interference that to the the pitches of the and the halftone or of the following Select the the or the Professional the Professional the of the to Clear Unsharp the Professional such as overhead the and the Reposition the slightly. the slightly Scanning
character OCR scanning. or of the following the perfectly the the and with the the top and of the Select Black&White as the the Professional the B&W Option Then the Threshold The or than the or of the following The and of software the of the the of the to the the of the Destination the or the Professional Scanned or when printed. or of the following properly connected to the correctly and that software properly and software Scanning
Colors from the or of the following the the of software, the and correction, and correction. of these the of such as or the the Select and Continuous the the the the Professional the matching and of and software. the to the software and the ICM or ColorSync that matches software and information matching and Printed exactly match the products and the RGB (red, and while products typically CMYK and Scanning
located properly the preview. or of the following the the to and then the the thumbnail the The from the or of the following the of the following types. or black-and-white Text/line art or black-and-white that the to bright or or or exposed. Specify the Scan, or specify the the to the or Professional EPSON Scan Scanning
Colors from those the or of these the of software, the and correction, and correction. combinations of these the matching and of and software. the to the software and the ICM or ColorSync Macintosh. that matches software and information and Printed from those the matching software or the of information matching and Scanning
ADF Scanning only) though the scanning. the ADF or ADF cover closed firmly. You using the or of the following the Office or the Professional selected EPSON Scan. or selected as the EPSON Scan. If the and then If the while scanning, and then EPSON Scan. and then the and EPSON Scan. the ADF If the clean, with cloth. Cleaning the ADF Scanning
the the cover. Gently sheets of with both to tear the If the to the Scanning
Gently sheets of the as below. the cover and the You Scanning
Chapter Copying Copy The or of the following the MP or the Loading the correctly. to the selected. The to selected the field as the when the B&W or the the the the Copying
Copy Quality Printout enough What to You the type of Copying The copying the as that the type of the the following MP EPSON Colored Optional EPSON Recycled Colored Coated thick and such as or copying.
The information the back or background the What to The thin or thin. the information the back of the the or beneath the the The Select the that match the matched with the and the correctly, the back as the brightest to white. This the yellowish the background. If these the correctly, Text type or the to Copying
or or or of the following The might the toner the toner the and the toner toner If the toner the the toner with The of the the and of the the with the If too light, the might to the If the background, the foreground might too or the background might appear the copying or the copied. or of the following Copy from the This higher than copying from the the correctly. If the incorrectly, might causing and with the OCR or the MP to the If copying to the If copying to heavy the MP Copying
If than the or to Completely or of the following The might the the with the and the to facing If when from the the correctly. the face-down the with the top of the located the right of the The might specifications the too or too rough). The toner might The might from the toner The background and the the to Copy Copying
Black appear the or the the the of the the The the when the Scan The the the of the the The the when the Scan though the scanning. the ADF or ADF closed firmly. Copying
ADF Copying Only) the Follow the below to the Turn the off. the cover. Gently of with both to tear the If the to the Copying
Gently of rolling the as illustrated below. the cover and the Copying
You the or of the following the Office or the Professional selected EPSON Scan. or selected as the EPSON Scan. If the and then If the already while scanning, and then EPSON Scan. and then the and EPSON Scan. the ADF dirty. If the clean, with cloth. Cleaning the ADF High high with the memory MB), the properly of memory. memory that the memory MB or higher. Copying
Chapter and The feeding or of the following The of The the If the item too the If there and than the If there Clearing to There might with the to. of the followings. There might with the phone Turn the the and the B&W or the If hear the phone To the Disconnect the from the and to phone to the
The them or of the following If PBX the PBX might tone the the tone If think there might this phone the and successfully. The the and To the while the the the necessary. or of the following the to the and ready to the memory. might memory to there other of to or the If memory of these reasons, the appears the activity and the with
Incoming or of the following the Incoming to only If the Incoming to the the and the yourself. the connected properly to phone there too connected to the phone the connected and the If and each the of the followings. the of If the of and its memory to the MP or the The of the memory and then or or of the following Turn the the and the B&W or the If hear the phone Disconnect the from the phone and to to the phone
or such as with graphics, to or received. the The only the the the the which the or received high. higher typically If the and the to the and the If the and the To the to there If there phone the and the to and the If this the phone the phone though the scanning. the ADF or ADF cover firmly. incorrect The the off the the the instructions.
Printout Black appear the or the the the of the the The the when the Scan The the the of the the The the when transporting the Scan or incorrectly there the MP or the If there the MP or the while the input memory and once the too light or of the the of toner while The to of the recently the toner toner
Reports correctly If or activity correctly, or of the following the and the and the of the If the connected with the
Customer Contacting Customer If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services Warranty information to EPSON Customer They to them the following information: Product (The the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with Customer
Technical to and the section of EPSON the and other Technical with that the troubleshooting information Customer
Technical Specifications the of or type of the the of type of of purchasing or type Semi-Thick to and The should covered completely, with Thick to thick to EPSON Coated to Colored Non-coated Technical Specifications
only and reduce or and other that should You the following this It and or Printed which other black-and-white black-and-white or thermal thermal-sensitive or that high-temperature-sensitive (around 180C) that easily or that cover the completely Coated or that or perforated that or that attracts electricity or type with and of with Technical Specifications
of thickness thick or thin that too smooth or too rough that the front and back that curled, or torn of or that right corners Printable both DL Product and electrophotographic RIT Continuous Technical Specifications black-and-white
or other Warm-up with optional The to quality. This reduce the to below that of the Also, the momentarily to the First seconds black-and-white A4 or seconds A4 or Warm-up About seconds feed: or feed supply: MP to of to to of to of and to of capacity: RAM: MB, to MB Technical Specifications
type Photoelectric CCD (R, G, B, B/W) Effective Effective A4, internal Scanning Black and white: Copy Copy Black and White Copy Technical Specifications (ADF) to A4/ A4/
only) Supported G3, G3ECM and reception and reception of A4, A4, B5, PSTN PBX internal and each RGB and JPEG MH, MR, MMR A4, A4, B5, Technical Specifications
to 32C to 89.6F) Humidity: to RH Mechanical EPSON CX11NF/CX11F: EPSON CX11N/CX11: Specifications Not to 40C to 104F) Not to to RH
V-120 V-240 Rated Rated Includes optional Completely suspended. with the EPSON CX11NF/CX11F: (about EPSON CX11N/CX11: (about the and photoconductor years or whichever first the of A4 MAX to to V, V, B/W Technical Specifications
and U.S. Technical Specifications UL CSA EMC FCC Class CSA C108.8 Class [EU-96] FCC Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN [EU-96] R&TTE Directive 1999/5/EC EN EN Class EN TBR21 Corporation, that this telecommunications EU-96 with the and other of Directive 1999/5/EC. Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Norway, Poland, Spain, and UK.
Australian This as Class the U.S. of Health and Services (DHHS) Radiation Performance to the Radiation Health and of This that the radiation. the completely within protective housings and covers, the from the phase of operation. EMC: AS/NZS CISPR22 Class [EU-96] EMC: AS/NZS CISPR22 Class Safety: AS/NZS AS/ACIF S002 Technical Specifications
CDRH regulations The Devices and Health (CDRH) of the U.S. Food and Administration regulations products products the United States. The shown below with the CDRH and attached to products the United States. Interfaces USB interface USB High with USB and OS and XP, or the USB interface. USB to as interface. Technical Specifications
USB with USB USB as interface. USB with XP, and operating If operating or USB interface. Ethernet interface You IEEE 100BASE-TX/10 BASE-T straight-through shielded, twisted-pair interface with RJ45 NetWare supported. Ethernet Interface the Technical Specifications
and Optional Unit Product C12C802181 A4, to feed: One mounted feed to types: supply: DC V/0.1 and V/0.5 the and This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. Technical Specifications Height: Width: Depth: including
Memory Memory memory: MB memory: to MB Product Yellow: High Capacity: to 35C to 95F) humidity: to RH Included with the to High Capacity: High Capacity: High Capacity: Yellow, Technical Specifications Capacity: Capacity: Capacity: High Capacity: to Capacity: to High Capacity: to
High Capacity: the of A4 and the of A4 and than service shortened other This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. The of with toner the type of Photoconductor Product to 35C to 95F) humidity: to RH Technical Specifications Capacity: High Capacity: Capacity: High Capacity: Capacity: High Capacity:
the of A4 and the of A4 and service shortened repeatedly or turning the and off, ratio of or thick or This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. The of with photoconductor the type of of and of to and of of ratio and black-and-white of black-and-white and of of ratio and of and Technical Specifications
C Working with EPSON Fonts Only) EPSON Fonts easily and of Normally, creation laborious to command such as Stop and OCR-B, to the characters themselves. EPSON to such automatically, allowing to easily that to of EPSON the following of EPSON OCR-B EAN EPSON Creates EAN EAN-8 UPC-A EPSON Creates UPC-A UPC-A UPC-E EPSON Creates UPC-E UPC-E Working with Fonts EPSON Creates EAN EAN-13
EPSON OCR-B EPSON of OCR-B and specified with the EPSON CD EPSON CD EPSON EPSON Creates Interleaved EPSON ITF of of (ITF) OCR-B and specified with the EPSON ITF CD EPSON ITF CD EPSON ITF EPSON of OCR-B and specified with the EPSON CD EPSON CD EPSON Working with Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
To EPSON should the following Computer: IBM PC or IBM with or higher CPU Microsoft XP, or to KB free the EPSON Fonts only with EPSON EPSON Fonts Follow these to EPSON The the other operating nearly the that the off and that the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM Click the software appears, the and then with If the section appears, country. If the EPSON appear automatically, the right-click the CD-ROM and OPEN the that appears.Then
Click the that appears, Click Custom Select the EPSON Font and Then follow the on-screen instructions. EPSON Fonts with EPSON Follow the below to and using EPSON The featured these instructions Microsoft WordPad. The slightly when from other with Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
and the characters to Select the characters, then Font from the Format with Fonts
Select the EPSON Font to the then OK The characters selected appear as characters to those shown below. XP and than when with C C C C C C C C C C C C
Select from the EPSON then the following based the Based section the below. Black Black Quality Not selected Not Not selected Not selected selected Not selected Not Not selected selected selected Graphic the through the Optional the through the Optional Click OK to the Working with Fonts High Quality High Quality If there the character such as the as appears the Based Based
Notes and formatting Please the following when and formatting characters: apply or character such as or and white only. rotating characters, rotation of and Turn off character and that or reduce the of characters the or Turn off To easily distinguish from other text to text such as characters such as and Stop when EPSON Font selected, the characters than originally input. the recommended Font specifications the EPSON Font other with readers. Working with C C C C C C C C C C C C
the or the or of the with readers. and the specifications This section the character input each EPSON EPSON EAN-8 EAN-8 of the EAN the automatically, characters input. Character type to of characters characters Font to to XP, and NT). Recommended and The following and input hand: Left/Right Left/Right OCR-B with Fonts
EPSON EAN-13 EAN-13 the EAN the characters input. The following and input hand: Left/Right Left/Right OCR-B EPSON EAN-8 Character type to of characters characters Font to to XP, and NT). Recommended and Working with Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
EPSON EAN-13 EPSON UPC-A UPC-A the specified the American Product (UPC UPC Supplementary supported. Character type to of characters characters Font to to XP, and NT). Recommended and The following and input hand: Left/Right Left/Right Check OCR-B with
EPSON UPC-E UPC-E the UPC-A specified the American Product (UPC The following and input hand: Left/Right Left/Right OCR-B The EPSON UPC-A Character type to of characters characters Font to to XP, and NT). Recommended and Working with C C C C C C C C C C C C
EPSON UPC-E EPSON allowing to and the insertion of and OCR-B. The height of the to or of its length, to the this reason, to least the and the surrounding text to should input as or the with or other than Font and input the If input while selected, the correct. Character type characters (A to Z, to of characters with Fonts
The following and input hand: Left/Right character Font OCR-B used: or to XP, and NT). Recommended and EPSON EPSON CD EPSON EPSON CD OCR-B used: or to XP, and NT). Recommended and with Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
EPSON A, B, and C. the of of characters the of the The height of the to or of its length, to the this reason, to least the and the surrounding text to the the of or containing correctly from that from the of or or the with or other than Font and input the If input while selected, the correct. Character type ASCII characters of characters Font to to XP, NT). Recommended and The following and input hand: Left/Right character character with
EPSON ITF The EPSON ITF to the USS Interleaved 2-of-5 (American). EPSON ITF allowing to and the insertion of and OCR-B. The height of the to or of its length, to the Interleaved 2-of-5 this reason, to least the and the surrounding text to Interleaved of characters as there of characters, EPSON ITF to the of the character EPSON Character type to of characters Font OCR-B used: or to XP, and NT). Recommended and OCR-B used: or to XP, and NT). Recommended and Working with C C C C C C C C C C C C
The following and input hand: Left/Right character Check The to the of character as needed) EPSON ITF EPSON ITF CD EPSON ITF EPSON ITF CD Working with
EPSON allowing to and the insertion of and OCR-B. The height of the to or of its length, to the this reason, to least the and the surrounding text to or character input, the character. If neither Stop character input, these characters input as the A The following and input hand: Left/Right character (when input) Character type to of characters Font OCR-B used: or to XP, and NT). Recommended and OCR-B used: or to XP, and NT). Recommended and Working with Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
EPSON EPSON CD EPSON EPSON CD Working with
Notices Notice XP Service If XP Service with this follow the below to the buttons the Unblocking or the of EPSON Creativity from the Software CD-ROM, the Security appear. If it appears, the Unblock to otherwise the the when the buttons the If the the Security follow the below to Click to and then Security Click Firewall Click the and then the button. Select from the and then OK Confirm that the selected the and Services and then OK Notices
Unblocking LicenseCheck or the of EPSON the Security appear. If appears, the Unblock to LicenseCheck; otherwise the the when the buttons the If the the Security follow the below to LicenseCheck. Click to and then Security Click Click the and then the Select from the and then OK Confirm that the LicenseCheck selected the and Services and then OK Notices
Notice EPSON CX11NF or EPSON CX11F from Telephone The to from telephone this from telephone this You Hear Tones when hear the tones, that the the If the to the Follow the below to using This function to information the other party's to that the the If the to the the other party's the Press the or Polling appears, then the or Right to On. Press the B&W or Color to the Notices
Sources both the MP and the optional the the optional when Information If the phone and other information printed, the to Info to On. outgoing to the Notices
memory character of numbers, and ColorSync software that to WYSIWYG (what what This software as them or that when the turned or initialized. To information from the to the inch) The of inch of The higher the of the higher the The of the where the and to FF Feed) to the fixed-width whose characters the amount of the of the character. the the amount of as the of characters and that typographic and
family The of and of halftone that of The together to or spaced to or white the Newspaper photographs of halftones. The of the to its of interface The the and the interface character or while interface that oriented the This that than high and spreadsheets. memory The of the that to information. information and to the operates. Information that to the from the (such as memory temporarily. RAM to the which characters This where the of the than its or where the than its length. whose mathematically, allowing to or smoothly photoconductor of the that photosensitive pitch of the of characters inch fixed-width The height of as measured from the top of the character to the of the lowest. typographic of to of inch.
that oriented upright the (as to which oriented the This the or The of that Software that instructions to the to what to from and instructions to the to this whose characters amounts of the of the character. the than the lowercase RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. To refresh the memory and the of the and clarity of the or measured inch. measured that smooths the of or The that off the of character. (RGB) that that the and other information. toner The the toner that to the