without Introduction Instructions Copyright Notice.................................................................................. to and Functions Functions Selecting Loading Copying the Table Copying Copying from Memory Card Memory Card................................................................. Selecting and or DPOF from Connecting and Cartridges................................................................... Checking and Cleaning the Head the Head...................................................................... Cleaning This Product........................................................................ Transporting This Product................................................................... Indicators.................................................................................... and Contacting Customer English
Where to Information without (this to this first. This to the and the software. It includes instructions and This information to the without such as instructions copying and from memory If the the chapter this This instructions and from and information the software. This included the software CD-ROM and when the software. To this the built each included the software CD-ROM. It information the
Introduction Instructions this and follow these instructions: only the that with the of another fire or shock. the with other the only the type of indicated the the outlet where the easily the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the locations that to heat or or or enough around the or the or through the the or heating or sunlight. the that its It properly or the back of the least from the the while copying, or scanning. the products that or around the Doing fire. as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. or the its or otherwise from the to when closing the instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with If or immediately. the or immediately Leaving the head and the from If the supply from and and the as the that there the covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding Introduction English
and Notes Follow these as instructions: Warning: to injury. to to Notes information about the hints using the Copyright Notice of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON STYLUS and of Corporation. USB DIRECT-PRINT and the USB DIRECT-PRINT of Corporation. Copyright Corporation. rights DPOF of CANON INC., Company, and Introduction SDHC Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, and Memory PRO of Corporation. Card of Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights
to and Functions memory cover memory cover interface USB AC USB to and Functions cover thickness English
Functions to and Functions Function On Press to the and off. Press to Press to memory option. C Memory Card Press to the of The the from to then and then the Press to type option. the sheet Select the A4 o to Press to reduce or the to the selected B&W Press to and white. Press to or to memory Stop Press to copying. The and the of Press and three seconds to the head (when the light off). Sheet -A4- This normally selected when the Memory Card From This selected the memory /DPOF All/DPOF/PictBridge Select this option to the memory to using the DPOF information the memory or to directly from DPOF when the the memory DPOF information. To the memory off DPOF Press to the of the the copying whether to with or without Copying
Lights flashing Light On The or occurred You copying expended. -A4- From /DPOF All/DPOF/PictBridge to Indicates the of Indicates the selected type. A4 o to selecting as the type, the reduced or to the selected with The active. (fast) The turning off. or One of the memory options selected. /DPOF Memory option DPOF to loaded. occurred. The thickness to the The thickness to the Flashes when with PictBridge connected. the supported, the flashes and the light and /DPOF All/DPOF/PictBridge lights flash. The when buttons Press the On to Indicates the selected to and Functions selecting as the type, the reduced or to the selected without English
offers of that when with and The type of choose affects the to the Selecting If or rough of the to of the to the the This the to the Choose from these and type type A4 EPSON Bright White A4 sheets EPSON A4 sheets EPSON A4 EPSON A4 EPSON A4 EPSON A4 You with of to Loading sheets Loading and the the output and the the
the as shown the following the back. The often whiter or brighter than the other the fits the arrow the the thickness to the The appears the the when the to the the appears when to the than the of sheets. the to matches the type of Selecting and English A4
Copying You and without the following when copying: The exactly the as the the type of used, the top and of the or these smeared. If while copying the expended, or and the the clean. the or the otherwise, the of that printed; automatically. the the cover and face-down the the corner. Copying the cover the the cover where and heavy top of the If to thick or the cover. and straight If to the while too and to the the back the
Copying text and of the Selecting the the the following the If to the to the of that automatically, the o to light the o to The On light flashes, and copied. If to copying, the Stop If the of the off, the from the slightly. Select the of Select Select the loaded. To the To black-and-white the B&W Copying the the the following the If white off the o to light the o to The On light flashes, and copied. If to copying, the Stop Copying If to and high The reduced, the and and A4 the ready to and the Stop then and the (to or the B&W (to and white). the On light release both buttons. and black-and-white Select the of Select Select the loaded. Turn the o to light the o to If the o to option, slightly and to the or To the To black-and-white the B&W English Copying
from Memory Card You directly from memory the memory and ready to Memory Card Compatible memory the following Card type CompactFlash, SD Memory Card, SDHC Memory Card, Memory Stick, Memory PRO, Memory Stick, Memory Memory Memory PRO Card, Card Card DCF or JPEG with the to of to memory Turn off or from the the turned the memory cover. from Memory Card the memory light off and memory the Then memory memory light CompactFlash Card Card Card
SD Memory Card SDHC Memory Card Memory Memory PRO Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory required) required) which the should and the the the to the from the the memory light flashes and then the memory cover. than memory to force the memory the Memory the Forcing memory the the the memory or both. the memory cover closed while memory This protects the memory and the from and otherwise the memory or the The charge memory malfunction. You only from memory and white. If to the memory Removing the memory finished. the memory cover. the memory light flashing. the memory straight of its the memory cover. the memory or off the while the memory light flashing, or the memory If or XP, off the or the USB when memory the memory from Memory Card English
Scanning the and the selected the face-down the the corner, that the top of the sheet the of the Top the cover. the type of to the of to the From light Select or (whichever loaded). If the with white If the without to the of the Select the loaded. Press the The and printed. If to the If than each Then the to and from each or DPOF Follow the below to of each the memory or to only those that with DPOF the type of to enough the of to the memory Press the C Memory Card the /DPOF All/DPOF/PictBridge light If the memory DPOF information, of the the memory printed. Select or (whichever loaded). If the with white If the without to the of the the loaded. Press the to If to the from Memory Card English
from You connecting directly to this and the following Direct PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT JPEG to from Connecting and the from and memory from the the type of to enough the of to or (whichever loaded). If the with white If the without to the of the Select the loaded. the USB that with to the interface USB of this turned and to the to and If with PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT, flashing appears the and the light and the /DPOF All/DPOF/PictBridge light flash. the of the this and the of type, and supported. of the reflected the
You the of the its the this chapter. Also, this section includes instructions to and the Cartridges the light flashing, or the light to the If than months If necessary, try cleaning the head Cleaning the head If their to the Checking the You the when the head Checking the head You the of each You expended. the or of If the displayed. Purchasing these within months of them and the Black T0711 T0731 T0712 T0732 T0713 T0733 T0714 T0734 recommends the of The of that covered warranties, and the or of Information about the when used. DX5000 CX4900 Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or immediately. To the the head hand. expended, copying or the other the obtained the the head IC each the amount of from the Cartridges they and each the their reliability. efficiency, when ready to with when and Once the the ready to the The to its reliability. the the cover closed, then the the when the cover English
Press and release the The to the and the On and lights flash. If of the or expended, the that to the If of the or expended, the head to the to the If three or seconds, head cleaning Press the If than or the to the of the or identified, the head to the the cover. to the cover while the head the to the to the highlighted below. the to the the back of the and straight of it the Other products that covered and the four or Then from the the the of the This the
the yellow from the of the You the from the otherwise, or to If without the the of the the and then the from the of the otherwise, the become or tear the the otherwise, the the and clicks other that to replaced. the cover and clicks If to the cover, the seated. Press each hear to force the cover closed. the Press the The charging and the On light flashing. This about it finished, the On light flashing and and the light off the charging as this If the light flashing), the correctly. Press the and the clicks English
Checking and Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or light or the to clean the head. This clears the head which become the that the least once month to Checking the head You to head clogged, or to the cleaning the head. Turn off the While holding the button, and the On about three seconds. The and It shows the of each the printed. Each should with as shown. If the head to cleaned If as shown below, the head as the section. Cleaning the head Follow these to the head properly. cleaning the head, to the head cleaning Checking the head head cleaning only If the light or flashes, the head. You first the Cartridges the and the light off. the three seconds the On light flashing. head cleaning and the On light flashing. off the while head cleaning You the On light flashing, to the Checking the head If there or the another cleaning and the If cleaning three or four off the and overnight. This Then cleaning the head If of the or and to the Head If that properly the to this the head. You the head the buttons, or the Head from the the recommended. Follow these to the head the buttons: the turned off. While holding the and the On about three seconds. of printed. and the that printed, with noticeable or Press the the that patch appears the Press the B&W and each of the other
Cleaning This Product To the of the its clean using the following the cord. from the to clean and from the If the of the dirty, with cloth. If the with grease or other hard-to-remove amount of and cloth to off If the of the with cloth to the off the indicated the Warning: to the or the the of the with force. to scratch or the of the and or to the apply grease to the the head or thinner to the These chemicals the as as the to from the and scanning and the of the with the or service Transporting This Product If to the to its or of or the vertically, or turning otherwise from the the the the from the and the off. the and the head the the right. the to the with as shown. the the from the then the USB from the the and the output Repack the the the protective that with the as the the head. If quality, cleaning Checking and Cleaning the Head or the head the Head
If with the the lights the and the or the to what causing the You and troubleshooting using the without the included the software CD-ROM the with Indicates light Indicates light flashing Lights/Code the the Then to or Stop to Clear the the or correctly. -A4- From Sheet /DPOF PictBridge From Sheet From Index and the Then the to or to memory the memory Memory Card The memory correctly. The the correctly, and Selecting incorrectly. from the If expended, the Cartridges the correctly the the top of with the of the Then to or Stop to The correctly. the and Selecting and
Lights/Code From /DPOF PictBridge flashing other lights lights The match the the memory the connected or the button. connected. The thickness the to the to the the to it Contacting Customer Support saturated. There with the Turn the off and then back If the clear, Contacting Customer the memory and the to the the the Then to or Stop to supported, the flashes normally. English
and the below the The the protective the head. releasing the head, off the then back The the charging finished, then off the If off too it the the seated securely and protective the the cover and the they Turn off the then back that to the appear finishing the software The software correctly. and the CD-ROM, and then the software and copying The nothing Checking the head If nothing to the head. The sounds, nothing The head cleaning Checking the head the The incorrect. the top of the If the of the off, the from the slightly. the the loaded. first, the to the right, with the lightly the Loading the arrow the Loading printed. the the loaded. The head cleaning Cleaning the head feed correctly or If feed, from the the the right and the the too tightly). the front of the the arrow the Loading If the light flashes. Follow these to clear the Press the to the If the ejected, to the If the the or then the If the the the On to off. the and including torn backward; this the the then the back If frequently, the too tightly the sheets of
You (light or Clean the head Checking the head the type Selecting the (whiter or of the The Removing and the head the Head Clean the Cleaning This Product or smeared. the the If of the or warped. the or curled, or face-down (the whiter or should sheet with or sheets from the too the head the Head without the recommended and the thickness to the types. If the to the Clean the Cleaning This Product or Clean the head Cleaning the head If to the head the Head The or the the type Selecting dirty, or face-down. If with the whiter or If or copying photo, too the head the Head You incorrect or Clean the head Cleaning the head The or the Cartridges the right and selected the the If as as If the without of the of or incorrect. The or incorrect. the right and selected the the the correctly the the Table English
Clean the Cleaning This Product Other off the the The of then automatically. This malfunction. Contacting Customer services If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased Customer to them the following information: Product (The the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with information the URL Warranty information to EPSON Customer Select the section of EPSON the and other downloadables.
Product Black DX5000 T0711 T0712 T0714 T0713 CX4900 T0731 T0732 T0734 T0733