EPSON CX5400 EPSON CX5400 Loading Copying Copying Without the Copy Copying With the With From Application Selecting With OS OS X) OS X) With OS to OS to OS to Selecting Scanning EPSON Scanning to One-Touch Scanning Advanced Scanning With EPSON Scan Cleaning the Head Purchasing Cartridges
Cartridge Checking the Cartridge and Cartridges the Head Cleaning the CX the CX Checking the LCD Screen and Software and Copying Scanning Quality Scan Quality Uninstalling Software XP or or Network XP and and Where To EPSON Other Software Technical Specifications
Mechanical Cartridges Scanning and Interface Specifications Instructions Cartridge Instructions LCD Instructions Notices FCC Declaration of Conformity ENERGY STAR Copyright Notice
EPSON CX5400 This instructions copying, scanning, troubleshooting, and specifications. The Reference instructions EPSON CX5400 without To EPSON CX5400 and its software, the Please follow these throughout: to to to Notes information about EPSON CX5400. hints scanning, and
EPSON CX5400 Transportation LCD thickness
Loading the output and its the the right of the sheet the the too tightly). the back the the front of the the the too tightly the Its whiter or brighter than the other or top first. the right the back the the and
short-edge first, landscape-oriented and Dont the arrow the to sheets of If or the to and the right of the the the too tightly). and
the and the thickness to the to back to the when each or the clicks the following when as the or The as the or as the instructions selecting these From Application With OS to With OS the thickness to the
EPSON offers the following the EPSON CX5400: EPSON Bright White inches) S041586 EPSON Quality inches) S041062 EPSON Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 EPSON or EPSON inches S041134/S041671 EPSON Heavyweight inches) S041257 EPSON Double-Sided inches) S041568 EPSON inches) S041331 EPSON inches) S041064 EPSON DURABrite inches) S041731 The of location. To the and EPSON and You purchase and from Please to near To EPSON follow these type Loading Bright White A4 inches) S041061 inches) S041067 inches) S041141/S041649 S041271/S041272 A4 inches) S041140 inches S041467 inches S041734
Quality or to sheets of Quality Cards or sheets Heavyweight sheets with sheet beneath the Double-Sided sheets sheets with of beneath the with the Its whiter or brighter than the other the first, or If the corner, the right as the the instructions using
Copying Copying Without the Copy Copying With the Copying Without the the face-down the the corner. about inch from the top and scanned. the about inch from the If the the to the copied. If to thick such as the to Gently the to the to the when finished. the The the as Copy
Press the Copy or B&W Copy and white and then printed. If using the or Copy of these the chosen, the as Copy The shown the LCD You the buttons, as below. To clear the To clear the and the least seconds. Copy selecting other of Press the If the or Copy of cant than LCD buttons buttons and Stop
of Press the right to Copy the LCD Then the or buttons to of these Copy Margins with (0.12-inch or as to to the of or Margins or 7-inch with 0.06-inch around the (Works with originals that business-card-size or originals sheet four originals If reduced the of the Margins
The Copy the options with other Not of the other options with every Copy Press the right the LCD Then the or to the of the loaded, or A4 inches). The option with with perforated (S041134 and S041671). or Press the right the LCD Then the or buttons to or Copy Quality Press the right Quality&Paper the LCD Then the or buttons to and the loaded: Quality&Paper when or Bright White copying with or Bright White text copying with or Bright White text and graphics copying with high or Bright White HW Heavyweight or Double-Sided or DB DURABrite
Not of these the Copy or Press the right Reduce/Enlarge the LCD Then the or buttons to or reduce to the loaded. to the EPSON CX5400 the reduction or To reduce or the right In/Out the LCD Then the or buttons to of the the If as the Reduce/Enlarge to with white or light the correctly, creating incorrect If this as the Reduce/Enlarge and the In/Out to the of Copying With the Follow these to EPSON TM to with features, such as PhotoEnhance TM and when copying from the the EPSON CX5400 and the the face-down the the top, as Copying Without the Computer. Select the EPSON or the Scan the EPSON CX5400 to (To the assigned to the Scan One-Touch Scanning.) You EPSON selecting or EPSON EPSON On Macintosh, from the Applications
Click the Copy You the Copy The appear slightly of the following Source Choose Text or Text based the of Choose the based the of and or and to reduce or amount. this clicking the and arrows. of or the and arrows. Press the to Stop Copy
Click the the right to input and You should EPSON CX5400 as the input and Click to the (such as or these sections With With OS to With OS Click the the right to or effects:
or the or and white brightness, or Click the Copy to If to copying the information the on-screen or the
With From Application Selecting From Application software follow these to using the From the You this EPSON CX5400 selected. Click the Preferences or (If or Then Preferences or the Click to software
Select the following the Select type Selecting Select Select or Click OK information about the or The Quality this the of and the highest RPM selected the Advanced the Then instructions selecting RPM. You to the Click OK or to Select the type of rough with reduced Text text-only with Text with text and with higher and graphics with and or graphics with high
this appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You Selecting apply only to the currently If the Right-click the the right of Select You the shown From Application. Select the then OK You the necessary. You advanced higher or selecting of and layouts. On the the Advanced the right of the The to the Advanced Click to Click to or
Select the following advanced as necessary: Quality options as Click to RPM the Select as Click to Black Select To choose ICM first the highest quality, RPM Please that this information about advanced or instructions them as them the or If to the Advanced each the this first Once finished selecting advanced Click OK to to the and Click the to to the Click the and with to
Select the following as necessary: Select or options Select or options these only to information the or Click OK to to the and You with the the to the of the Although the or without trimming. the following and EPSON or Heavyweight HW Heavyweight DURABrite DB DURABrite instructions or Select options and To sheets to
You the EPSON CX5400 and or software. To the and buttons, follow the instructions Copying Without the and as the Copy as Copy To software, follow these and Access the From Application). Select or as the Quality Select type as the Click the then as the Select or as the Click OK Click OK or
With OS OS X) OS X) If using OS follow the below to (If thats with follow the With OS to instead.) to as the From the Select the following as necessary: If to photo, follow the instructions OS X). finished, OK CX5400 from the Format Select the and other to
Select from the You this: to the option the pull-down as selected the selected CX5400 (Sheet to choose that the Click and Select from the pull-down Click and Select the option as the
Select the following as necessary: The Quality this the of and the highest selected the Advanced and OS X). information about You choose other selecting these options the pull-down to the of or to options to as PDF to ColorSync, the the or off the software Summary to of selections Click To the of the when appears the the of Select type Selecting and and white photographs) or Black text Select Select Quality or
Double-click the You this: the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to If listed, then the Priority arrow as necessary to the finished, OS X) You advanced higher or selecting of and layouts. the and Advanced
Select these advanced as necessary: Click to RPM the Select options To from the pull-down the highest RPM. Please that this information advanced or instructions them as them Click OS X) You with the the to the of the Although the or without trimming. the following and EPSON or or
EPSON Heavyweight HW Heavyweight DURABrite DB DURABrite instructions You the and buttons the CX or software. To the and buttons, follow the instructions Copying Without the and as the Copy as Copy To software, follow these and Click Select CX5400 from the Format Select as the If necessary, that than they or or that than they Click OK or Select CX5400
Click Print. Select from the pull-down Select CX5400 from the pull-down to selected the chose the Select type as the Click With OS to OS to OS to Select CX5400 (Sheet Select type
selected the Chooser as the From the Select the following Click OK to the From the Select the following The Quality this the of and the highest RPM) selected Custom and the Advanced Then OS to instructions selecting RPM. information about the You the following: Click to reduce/enlarge layouts, or CX5400 Select the of or Select type Selecting Select and and white photographs) or Black text Select Quality or
Click to background and then to Click Click to Click If turned background EPSON IV from the Application the right of the You the EPSON Select then to If using background and to the and the Click to
OS to You advanced higher or selecting of and To advanced Custom then Advanced Select these advanced as necessary: Click to RPM the Select options Select the highest RPM. Please that this information advanced or instructions them as them Click OK to then Click then Advanced
OS to You with the the to the of the Although the snapshots or without trimming. the following and EPSON or Heavyweight HW Heavyweight DURABrite DB DURABrite instructions You the and buttons the CX or software. To the and buttons, follow the instructions Copying Without the and as the Copy as Copy To software, follow these and Click Click the checkbox, then as the or
Select or as the Click OK Click Print. Select type as the Click
Selecting Select the or what of and the coverage accordingly. this or EPSON Bright White EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Heavyweight EPSON Double-Sided EPSON DURABrite EPSON EPSON EPSON Select this or Paper/Bright White Heavyweight
Scanning EPSON Scanning to One-Touch Scanning Advanced Scanning With EPSON Scan the face-down the the corner. about inch from the top and scanned. the about inch from the the If the the to the scanned. If to thick such as the to the to the to the when finished.
EPSON EPSON easy, interface scanning, copying, and You to of as below, or with the EPSON CX5400 Scan scanning, as Scanning to Scan and Copy Copy to Scans and and layouts. Includes Restoration. Scan or directly to Scans and with the and flexibility of photocopier. own software, or PC
Text Scan to Application Scan to EPSON the features, the or the on-screen Scanning to the face-down the the top, as Select the EPSON or the Scan the EPSON CX5400 to (To the assigned to the Scan One-Touch Scanning.) Scans text and them text with Scans photo ArcSoft PhotoImpression TM where and with and Scans or and choose which the Scans or and attaches to right Scans and to photo-sharing
You EPSON selecting or EPSON EPSON On from the Applications Click the Scan and EPSON Scan, which
the following the thumbnail to and properly. To the the below and type Click to Click Next Select location and type, then to to the location selected. Its ready to or as instructions with the other options, the Click Next
One-Touch Scanning You Scan to to or to or The following to the Scan to the face-down the the top, as Select the EPSON or the Scan the EPSON CX5400. You EPSON selecting or EPSON EPSON On from the Applications Scan Select Scan to the Scan the of the Then Press the Scan the EPSON CX5400. and EPSON Scan Complete the and and Then
To one-touch to the Scan and To the that when the Scan option the Scan the as Advanced Scanning With EPSON Scan EPSON Scan three of and easy, with type and and and of Includes Restoration. Professional manually advanced including Restoration. EPSON Scan the the You from applicationsuch as Photoshop EPSON Scan. EPSON Scan directly from or the the top, as You or and them the then to of the following: On EPSON Scan the Applications and to or EPSON Scan and to
the and choose or and EPSON CX5400 EPSON Scan To switch the the of the Select or Professional from the pull-down the top of the Click to EPSON Scan Click
EPSON Scan and displays the the chose. Professional
If of to the right of the EPSON Scan the appears the Click the If than or the the Click the to the to the of creating If than the surrounds of them. information the the Scan If around and cant Click the arrow the and Normal from the that appears. Click the to Choose and Destination that match the type of and the to or (Click the EPSON Scan information about the
The the other options that appear the EPSON Scan and as necessary. To the of or the Restoration If Professional to to the of the Click the Scan If from Photoshop, If EPSON Scan from the Applications the the and OK Click to EPSON Scan.
the Scan Once to the to You each than To the the outlined and the to where To the of the or corners and the to the To the then the Then the as To the To with the
Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or or to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning You software to the head right from Select the or instructions the head cleaning the EPSON CX5400 turned and the light off. (If the light flashing or to Cartridge On and light Press the Head Cleaning the LCD Press the Copy Cleaning about seconds, which the EPSON CX5400 and the On light flashes off the EPSON CX5400 while the On light flashing, the CX hasnt or than the On light flashing, to the head clean. loaded. Press the the LCD then the Copy The LCD light Copy
You software to right from Select the or instructions the the It should something this: should with the If If the the head If cleaning three or four the You the EPSON CX5400 off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head EPSON CX5400 the Its to turn least once month to quality. Purchasing Cartridges these EPSON within months of them and the the Black T0321 T0422 T0423 T0424
To EPSON and them. Other products to EPSON CX5400 covered warranty. To the and EPSON and You purchase and from Please to Cartridge Checking the Cartridge Removing and Cartridges Checking the If the light the EPSON CX5400 flashing and or the LCD and to of the than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the To supply, of the following: Press the This of each You the the LCD to of the Double-click the the right of If the that appears OS to Choose Click the
OS Choose Applications EPSON CX5400 You this: Click to information about the Cartridge Precautions Warning: of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with To the EPSON CX5400, the head hand. You empty. the the EPSON CX5400 obtained the the head
and Cartridges Once the the the EPSON CX5400 and The LCD which or empty. If EPSON CX5400 the Cartridge then the Copy If EPSON CX5400 of the Copy The to the the buttons Copy
the the front and back of the of the and of the from its four or the and its then the top of the clicks
Dont touch the board the back of the and If to other through with the and clicks The EPSON CX5400 charging the The On light flashes and the EPSON CX5400 Charging about seconds. finished, the On light flashing and turn off the EPSON CX5400 while the On light the CX hasnt or than the Head If or appear to the head. You software to the head right from Select the or instructions the head utility. the EPSON CX5400 turned and and the light off. of the
Press the Head then the Copy to the first On the the with the precisely top of each other. You to or Select each and this the each circled.) Press the or buttons to the of the the first then the Copy this the second, third, fourth, and fifth If other than that becomes the the head. finished, the Copy to the
On the the of with the least noticeable light or them. You to or Press the or buttons to the of the then the Copy this finished, the Copy to the third through to the process.
Cleaning the CX To EPSON CX5400 operating its should Turn off the EPSON CX5400, the cord, and the USB the from the Clean the with cloth. the and closed as clean.) If necessary, the and of the with cloth. Dont the the and it clicks If the with cloth. recommended cleaning the theres white to appear If the with grease or other hard-to-remove amount of cloth to off with cloth. Dont the Warning: Dont the the EPSON CX5400.
to the or or or thinner cleaning; they the LCD and Dont the and or the EPSON CX5400. Dont the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the EPSON CX5400. Transporting the CX If EPSON CX5400 to its or of To the when the EPSON CX5400. or the CX its or or Press the On to the CX. the to the the and the head the right Then off. the and the to the the from the Then the USB from the and then the and the and its the
the to the EPSON CX5400 to the the EPSON CX5400 its location. the clicks back then the the EPSON CX5400 and its the using the protective that with them. the EPSON CX5400 as the EPSON CX5400, the the head, the lock, and If the head Cleaning the Head); the head the Head). the to the
Checking the LCD and Software and Copying Scanning Quality Scan Quality Checking the LCD On and light of that appear the LCD and what should when them. Quality&Paper B&W Press the Stop LCD Scan Copy light Black and White Copy Press the Stop button, then the Quality&Paper You cant and white Stop
XXX Press the to XXX Press the to the Press the to the or Press the and clear the necessary. and the the and the clicks securely and service necessary. and service necessary. You to whether from the EPSON CX5400 or other or the Press the the The indicated Cartridge to The indicated of Cartridge to the There something with the Cartridge to the Press the Copy to clear the If the then the Copy to Press the On to off the EPSON CX5400. Unlock the lock, necessary Transporting the CX). Turn CX If the appears, or EPSON as Where To Press the On to turn off the EPSON CX5400, then the to turn back If the appears, or EPSON as Where To
Press the Copy If the the software the interface or If the with the the following and Software Its to to software. and the section to there software downloading to The EPSON CX5400 the CX charge its finished (the On light flashing) off or the turn the seated securely and the CX. Turn off the CX, then turn back You software or the EPSON CX5400 the software. EPSON software incorrectly Uninstalling Software. follow the when software. You to the EPSON CX5400 the the process. the software. the other including and protectors, and that Universal (USB) properly
If or the software correctly XP or software If the CX5400 appear the Chooser, too items the items. If Network and Copying the On light nothing the USB securely connected both If USB the EPSON CX5400 directly to USB instead. as If the EPSON CX5400 software correctly. If to EPSON CX5400 as Network It sounds the EPSON CX5400 nothing The head cleaning; Cleaning the Head instructions. The CX properly EPSON CX5400 when CX or copying too the If high-resolution than the You to: Clear or
that Increase memory (RAM). the Select as the Quality or the Quality/Speed to (Macintosh) software. If include choose Black or Black software With With OS to or With OS X), or the B&W Copy Turn MicroWeave off only) and High software. If EPSON CX5400 connected to USB USB The incorrect. With With OS to or With OS X. Choose the The within the of the Printable the right of the with the lightly its Dont the arrow the the Copy or the type of trying to Copy or Copying With the Computer. The With With OS to or With OS X. The head cleaning; Cleaning the Head instructions.
Scanning the EPSON CX5400. the CX connected to and The isnt The off to when scanning. the CX The EPSON CX5400 the (ready scanning). You to to the If USB try connecting the EPSON CX5400 directly to the USB the USB that with CX. If EPSON CX5400 the cant and its software; Uninstalling Software. The EPSON CX5400 software properly. the enough memory software. If other software the the enough memory. closing including and protection If or high enough memory to the software If software, then Uninstalling Software.
If the Scan and operating the Click the the instructions. Too that the software and/or feed correctly or the EPSON CX5400. If feed, from the the the right and the the too tightly). If off CX, the and thats including that torn off. the CX back and the Copy Warning: Clear the of the the of the the the of the or If the the Press the Copy to the then the software. If when the or too thin.
Quality You (light or Clean the head; Cleaning the Head instructions. Select the or (Macintosh) the loaded; Selecting higher and off High OS X), or OS to the of the The replacing; Cartridge. using With OS or With OS to the head; the Head instructions. or smeared.
isnt curled, or (the should with or the the head; the Head instructions. EPSON and absorption of EPSON or Clean the head; Cleaning the Head instructions. The or Cartridge. Select the or Selecting isnt dirty, or If higher or higher Quality or Quality. OS X) or OS to the head. the Head instructions.
Increase the or software the thickness to the instructions. You or Black off or selected (Macintosh), when and white photographs. Clean the head; Cleaning the Head instructions. The or Cartridge. turning off PhotoEnhance. that (Macintosh); With OS or With OS to the OS X) or OS to exactly match such as ICM or ColorSync to as as OS X), or OS to
You incorrect characters. the USB securely connected and that the EPSON CX5400 selected or as the The or incorrect. the and/or options correctly. Click the or information. The inverted, as Turn off or the software or the software. Scan Quality or distorted. the the If only of the or warped.
higher and the and selected EPSON Scan. Click the the EPSON Scan the clean; Cleaning the CX. the EPSON CX5400 or or too the brightness with software. the and of The around as white, the of the and causing to appear the the selected. Click the EPSON Scan the and the Destination EPSON Scan. Click the EPSON Scan
of the scanned. The around the Reposition the as If Advanced Scanning With EPSON Scan instructions. The the as the and type. Click the EPSON Scan and to cant match exactly. increasing to of The type when the If that Advanced Scanning With EPSON Scan instructions. The too selecting the or of the typically that printed.
The or than the You the or The software the of the appears the If this both and clean the as Cleaning the CX. If the to clean head, Cleaning the Head. Uninstalling Software XP or or XP or EPSON CX5400 and connected to XP, right-click and right-click and Select the then Click the to Other or If or appears to the EPSON CX5400 right-click the and then Uninstall the USB from the EPSON CX5400. Click or EPSON Uninstall EPSON and follow the instructions the the XP) or Double-click
Choose EPSON Copy then or Change/Remove and follow the instructions the finished, this each of the following: EPSON EPSON Software EPSON Scan ScanToWeb Follow the the to software. or the USB from the EPSON CX5400. Click EPSON Uninstall EPSON and follow the instructions the Click Double-click Choose EPSON Copy then or Change/Remove and follow the instructions the finished, this each of the following: EPSON EPSON Software EPSON Scan EPSON USB ScanToWeb Follow the the to software.
Network XP and and XP and This section to the EPSON CX5400 that other the to (The with other the This section only. If and would to the EPSON CX5400, To software to as with user who to the group). To software XP, to with account. You software as account XP, the account as account. The that the following section to to the EPSON CX5400 as shared the that it directly connected to. Then, the EPSON CX5400 each that through the Shared Follow the below to to the CX with other Click or then or and Right-click the the EPSON CX5400, then
Select Shared as or this then type the or hyphens the If XP or to to that of Additional and the and the operating the other computers. Click OK then the software CD the CD-ROM Select the or Click OK to the Click OK or Accessing Network Follow the below to to the EPSON CX5400 from other The EPSON CX5400 as the to which directly connected from another instructions, Shared Click or then or and
Double-click the The Click Next Select Network then Next On the Next Double-click the of the that directly connected to the EPSON CX5400. Then, the the EPSON CX5400.
Click Next and follow the on-screen instructions. the operating and the of the to which the EPSON CX5400 connected, the to the from the software CD. this the and follow the instructions. and This section to the EPSON CX5400 that other to (The scanning shared with other the to the EPSON CX5400 as the that directly connected to. Then, the EPSON CX5400 each that through the This section to the EPSON CX5400 as To directly to without as shared Shared Follow the below to and to the EPSON CX5400 with other Click Double-click the Network Click the and Select the to to allow others to to printer(s) and OK
the Network OK If the insertion of the or CD-ROM appears, the CD the CD-ROM and follow the on-screen instructions. If that appears, Then, the and from the the Right-click the the EPSON CX5400, then the then OK Accessing Follow the below to to the EPSON CX5400 from other The EPSON CX5400 as the to which directly connected from another instructions, Shared Click
Double-click the The Click Next Select Network then Next On the Double-click the of the that the EPSON CX5400 directly connected to. Then, the the EPSON CX5400. Click OK and follow the on-screen instructions.
This section to the EPSON CX5400 that to the EPSON CX5400 as shared connected to the and other computers. (The shared with other the This with OS X. to the EPSON CX5400 as shared the that directly connected to. Then, specify the to the EPSON CX5400 from each that and the software those computers. Shared To the EPSON CX5400 with other follow the below to the that directly connected to. Turn the EPSON CX5400. Chooser from the Apple and the the EPSON CX5400. Then, the that the EPSON CX5400 connected to. Click the The Select the this then type the and information as necessary. Click OK The of the shared appears the the Chooser. the Chooser. Accessing Follow the this section to the EPSON CX5400 from other the Turn the EPSON CX5400.
the software from the EPSON CX5400 CD-ROM. Choose Chooser from the Apple Then, the the EPSON CX5400 and the shared EPSON CX5400 from the Select that connected to If appears, the the EPSON CX5400, then OK Select the Background to background or off. the Chooser.
Where To EPSON Other Software Technical EPSON If with the EPSON CX5400 or EPSON Scan, the information below. Other Software with other software that EPSON CX5400 CD-ROM. EPSON technical through the services and telephone services the following Service World From the reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON CX5400) Product (located the back) of purchase (such as and of purchase of services hours To these services, tone telephone and EPSON SoundAdvice SM this to the EPSON CX5400 SoundAdvice.
Computer of the To the and EPSON and You purchase and from Please to Other Software Technical Software Telephone and EPSON www.newsoftinc.com ArcSoft PhotoImpression AM to PM through ABBYY www.arcsoft.com/ techmain
Specifications Mechanical Cartridges Scanning and Interface Specifications
to RPM; OS X), or OS to Bidirectional with ESC/P Since the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or yellow), EPSON
A4 inches) type distributed EPSON and of Thickness to inch to to inches) type Thickness to inch to to Cards A6 inches) type distributed EPSON A5 inches) inches) inches) inches) inches) inches) DL inches) C6 inches)
inches) type distributed EPSON and inches) type distributed EPSON inches) type distributed EPSON Heavyweight, Double-Sided and inches) type distributed EPSON inches) type distributed EPSON reduce the and or other If switch to higher inches A4 inches) inches) inches inches
or to F to C) Humidity: to RH Printable or A: top B-L: B-R: right B-L B-R with C
C: the with the first. with the the type of the the top and of the or these smeared.
Mechanical feed Friction top About Width: inches without the Cartridges Black Cartridge (T0321) Black capacity* (ISO/IEC Width: inches (T0422), (T0423), and (T0424) Depth: inches inches to F to C) month F C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) F C) Depth: inches Height:
Cartridges or capacity* (A4, each Width: inches The based The the head cleaning function and this thaws and hours F C). EPSON the of EPSON only. Other products EPSON to this covered warranties. the the expired. the This the amount of IC the the the amount of the IC and the amount of change. to F to C) month F C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) F C) Depth: inches
Scanning type Photoelectric CCD Effective Scanning to and RGB CCD internal correction Interface USB Light White cathode of MCBF) 10,000-hour to 132V Rated to to Rated (ISO10560 or A4 (reading with software) power-off
the the back of this the information. Operation: to F to C) Humidity Operation: to RH and UL EMC FCC Interface Specifications This built-in USB interface based the specified the Specifications Revision and the Class Definition Devices This interface the following characteristics: Based Specifications Revision Universal Class Definition Devices NRZI Connector USB to F to C) month F C) F C) to RH (without CSA C22.2 CSA C108.8 Class
Recommended To EPSON CX5400 and its software, should Microsoft PC with or Microsoft XP, or 128MB RAM (256MB or of RAM recommended) VGA or with least At least 200MB of (300MB or recommended) CD-ROM or DVD the software Windows-compliant USB and the USB that with EPSON CX5400. To EPSON CX5400 and its software, should Apple TM G3 or G4, TM or TM OS through OS or OS OS or recommended) At least 128MB of RAM (256MB or recommended)
At least 200MB of (300MB or recommended) VGA or with least CD-ROM or DVD the software The USB that with CX.
Instructions Cartridge Instructions LCD Instructions EPSON CX5400, and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the CX5400. the type of indicated the CX5400 to properly grounded the as or other high-load that switch and off. the CX5400 where the easily fiche the become or If with the CX5400, the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the switches or timers. CX5400 and from of interference, such as or telephone locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the CX5400 the CX5400 or heating or sunlight.
the CX5400 that its It properly or enough front of the CX5400 least inches) and off of the Turn off and the CX5400 cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the CX5400 off the On Dont off the switch or the CX5400 the On light off. or cover the CX5400 or through the as specifically to service the CX5400 yourself. the CX5400 and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. the CX5400, the head the right the and the the lock. This includes that mercury. Please and or recycling. the Cartridge Instructions the the the head and the EPSON CX5200 from of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with
hand the CX5400 or the the head hand; otherwise the CX5400. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of first them. cool, each that the of its from allow to least three hours or tear the this the or to them. This to the head. the IC the of the This and If the supply from and and the as the CX5400. that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the or surrounding LCD Instructions cloth to the LCD Dont or cleaners. If the LCD If LCD off thoroughly with and If them immediately with
Notices FCC Declaration of Conformity ENERGY STAR Copyright Notice FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with United States WARNING
this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: C141A
ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The EPA ENERGY STAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused Copyright Notice rights of this publication reproduced, or or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Concerning of Copyrighted and photocopiers and copying or of copyrighted While copying of copyrighted
those as broad as people EPSON each user to and of the copyright when and EPSON, EPSON ESC/P, and MicroWeave and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. and RPM and PhotoEnhance and EPSON EPSON and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc.
art/Paper_Loading_Modified.eps art/Scanning_Placement.eps art/B3402008 art/B3402012 art/copy00.tif art/copy button.tif art/copy01.tif 3.TIF icon.TIF art/copy button.tif art/WinXP00.tif art/WinXP01.tif art/WinXP02.tif art/WinXP03.tif art/WinXP04.tif art/WinXP07.tif art/osxpagesetup.tif art/osxprint.tif
art/PCENTER art/osxcustom.tif art/osxlandscaperight.tif art/os9print.tif art/maclayouticon.tif art/Mpvwbutn.tif art/inkicon.tif art/os9-monitor.tif art/Command.eps art/os9-custom.tif art/OS9-ADVANCED.tif art/Scanning_Placement.eps art/osxcopyfaxicon.tif art/osxedittexticon.tif art/osxphotoprojicon.tif art/scan01.tif art/scan08.tif
art/scan09.tif art/scan02.tif art/scan01.tif art/scan03.tif art/scan04.tif art/scan05.tif art/scan06.tif art/scan00.tif art/scan07.tif art/mac-ink.tif art/Ink_Replace_1.eps art/Remove_Ink_2K.eps art/Cleaning.eps
art/Blurry.tif art/Incorrect art/Italyblur.tif art/Italydrk.tif art/Italy.tif art/61w_2ksh.tif art/61w_shar.tif art/A479wbp.tif