EPSON Y47599108002
EPSON
This and and and properly, that with the instructions, interference to and reception. It type tested and found to with the Class computing with the specifications of of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following the the with to the the that the and branch If necessary, the should the or technician The user the following the helpful: Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington, DC WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this If this that interface connected to interfaces. rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information While the of this Corporation responsibility or Neither from the of the information Corporation and its specifically and or based or to the or of with software or other items Corporation or its or Corporation or its with of Corporation. of Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Copyright Corporation FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS
Introduction The DFX-5000 advanced business The high performance and with of features including high-speed and of the features that the DFX-5000 of to characters built-in tractors (front and rear) This switch of and easily. The top of each tractor. front tractor that feeding with easy front access. thickness types, including and that with that operations from the switch the front and tractors with the of Another the tear off, and then to the top of the ready to with the EPSON ESC/P commands FX
The following options with DFX information the and of these This option the of heavy and It Optional interface boards of optional interface boards to the built-in and interfaces. choosing the right interface and instructions interface board Chapter Coax and interface boards other interface boards the and the DFX-5000 as IBM@ or These boards directly to the and allow to function as IBM without the of other or The both front and as as of The the easily. Introduction
About This This instructions and operating the DFX-5000 It includes information that of the Chapter shows to and the to and follow the instructions this chapter first. and information and the This information the operation of Chapter troubleshooting information, including of and recommended Other include information the and summary of software commands. The include reference and technical specifications. At the back of the and Reference software commands and DIP switch the back cover of this of the with of the identified. You the cover and to the when and operating the Introduction
Used This WARNINGS to to and to that operates correctly. Notes information and useful the of Where to Customer and service products of authorized and service throughout the United States. America information and toll-free to and service Therefore, that the business where purchased to If they the to they through toll-free that this with the If to or service please Consumer Information
the Unpacking the Checking the the protective Choosing the The lights buttons Assembling the the Attaching the Testing the the Loading the the Connecting the to Connecting the interface Connecting the interface Application Software
the the pounds, should or it yourself. people should the Checking the to that the shown below and that nothing the the to the the cross-head screwdriver
the protective The protected of and These protective items the the protective as below, them with the other the top cover and the the cross-head screwdriver, the and the head to the of the the
the cross-head screwdriver to the screws and the locking from the of the WARNING: to protective the Choosing the location the following the the enough to the its to reach. of around the front and of as as grounded the
The below shows location. optional the DFX-5000 the
WARNING: locations that to sunlight, heat, or that switches or timers. of information both memory and memory. outlets the with or other that might the supply. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. that the DFX-5000, to the following information reference as and the This section includes that shows the It the and lights. and information operating the
The The following of the and the of the You to this when and the This the back cover of this interface cover tear-off cover back interface the
lights The lights the the of the of the lights and of their These functions and POWER READY PAPER OUT ON LINE TEAR OFF TOP OF FORM PAPERSELECT the On when the POWER switch and to the On when the and ready to input This light On when the of On when the and from the On when the tear-off On when the top of arrow: when the front tractor selected and loaded. when the front tractor of Rear arrow: when the tractor selected and loaded. when the rear of
The buttons the of the operations, of the buttons and of their These and ON LINE the line/off FORM FEED Advances to the top of the when the off LINE FEED/LOAD Advances when the off continuously the This to when the Chapter TEAR OFF Advances to its tear-off and then the back to the top of MICRO FEED Advances or 1/216-inch when the off These buttons to the top of and tear-off TOP OF FORM and the top of when the off FRONT/REAR Selects the front or tractor. the
Assembling the Since the completely assembled from the factory, to the and the cord. the the the turned off. the from its and wrapper and then follow these to the the top cover its front and from WARNING: the head while the turned this the Also, the the head cool touching the
the head to the of the the from the of the (You the and Next, the from the and the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon.
the with both and the as shown below. the the the the Then the the other the mounting the Press lightly both of the to the properly the
the the each of the head as shown below. The of the should top, with its the Turn the ribbon-tightening to the ribbon. the head from to to that smoothly and that the twisted or creased.
the top cover. Attaching the Follow these to the the the to the the matches that of If match, without the the
the the AC the If to another country, to the of the information. Testing the that assembled, built-in function to the correctly to the to and the Follow these to the the turned off. (The the switch should the properly grounded the
WARNING: off the least seconds turning back switching and off the Loading the Next, to that least To follow these WARNING: that least inches the to the head from directly the the front cover its and as shown below.
Release the both the right and each the the to the the
match the the right to approximately of the that they spaced the the
both covers. clean, straight and then the first the the of the as shown below. The of the that to should facing the covers. the
the right that the straight the the front cover. and the
WARNING: turning the protective Turning the while the head seriously the Turn the The head to the of the and the POWER and PAPER OUT lights Also, the front or arrow the PAPER SELECT lights Press the LINE FEED/LOAD to (If the the front tractor selected. Press the FRONT/REAR to the front tractor. This the automatically.) the loads, off the the
the The the of the DIP switches and the characters the memory. The high-speed or near (NLQ) high-speed To the high-speed follow these that least inches when the While holding the LINE FEED the release the button. of first, of characters. of typical high-speed The the or the ON LINE If the satisfactory and to the the ON LINE to the off and then off the the
If to the NLQ follow and the FORM FEED instead of the LINE FEED of NLQ Country &()*+,~./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQ To the the to first DIP switch This the section DIP switches Once the the rather than high-speed the following the as high-speed of -./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOF <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQR the
Connecting the to If the correctly, ready to the to interface interface and RS-232C interface. If which If shielded should to the immediately. If of the that type of interface, should to of the optional interfaces Chapter The interface the If to the built-in interface, to the DIP switch as shown Chapter interface
WARNING: than interface the This the Connecting the interface Follow these to interface to the Turn off both and the interface cover it the each
the securely the interface (the the the together they of the If ground wire, to the ground the
the to the right of the and interfaces its top the the and the as shown below. the interface cover. the interface cover the the
the other of the the (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the Connecting the interface the interface, to the DIP switch You to other interface and parity, and properly. the section DIP switches information. The following to computers interface to the If the screws that to with screwdriver, both cross-head screwdriver and screwdriver to the Turn off both the and the interface cover the each the
the securely the interface (the the right). If ground wire, to the ground If screws that to screwdriver, to the top cover of the access. the
screwdriver through the and the screws of the The screws the interface the If the screws interface the the and them with the optional with the Confirm that the the
the the right its top the the as shown below. the interface cover. the interface cover the the other of the (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the
Application Software that and tested the DFX-5000, using with software software the type of that the of the features. If or that from of printers, choose the DFX-5000 If the include the DFX-5000, choose of the following of FX-850/1050 FX-85/185 FX-80/100 EX-800/1000 FX LX To the features of the DFX-5000, to with the DFX-5000 its If software the DFX-5000, the software to
Chapter Loading and the Two-Tractor Positioning the supply Loading the Tractor Loading the Rear Tractor the Top of the Tear-Off Switching and Rear Tractors the
the Two-Tractor The consists of front tractor and tractor. Both tractors easy to and and both of types, including and The to the thickness of to thickness You from to inches the of text than the of the using-otherwise, might the the If to than of to the often the tractor. That the front tractor, which to reach, the frequently. the front tractor Positioning the supply Since the DFX-5000 with from both the front and the rear, to enough around the the of fresh as third of It to both of fresh with the that the feed smoothly the Loading and
The following shows three to and with the front loaded, with the tractor loaded, and with both tractors loaded. that of with the rear tractors supply. Loading the Tractor The following to the front tractor. Turn off the the front cover its and as shown below.
Release the both the right and each the the to the the release Loading and
the right to of the that they the Loading and match the
both covers. the first the the of the as shown below. (The of the that to should facing and the should clean, straight the covers. Loading and
the right that the straight and the the release the front cover. The to the Loading and
Turn the The head to the of the and the POWER and PAPER OUT lights Also, the front or arrow the PAPER SELECT lights which selected when the turned off the PAPER SELECT to which selected: If the front arrow the LINE FEED/LOAD to the Loading and
If the tractor arrow the off and then the FRONT/REAR to switch to the front tractor. the switches tractors, the automatically. Press the ON LINE to the ready to The to the top of If the too high or the instructions the top of Loading the Rear Tractor The following to the tractor. You to the from the front first because the this when the rear tractor. Turn off the and
the top cover its front and from as shown below. The top cover that One the top of the cover and the other, shown below, the back the back Loading and
Release the the tractors right and each back-
the right to approximately match the of the they spaced the Loading and
both covers. With the of the to facing through the the rear. You to the to the of the That the the with hand and through with the other. clean, straight Loading and
the first the the of the as shown below. the covers. the right to that the straight and the the Loading and
the top cover and the back The to the Turn the The head to the of the and the POWER and PAPER OUT lights Also, the front or tractor arrow the PAPER SELECT lights which selected when the turned off Loading and
the PAPER SELECT to which selected: If the arrow the LINE FEED/LOAD to the If the front tractor arrow the off and then the FRONT/REAR to switch to the tractor. the switches tractors, the automatically. Press the ON LINE to the ready to The to the top of If the too high or the the section instructions the top of Loading and
the Top of The top of the the the to when the or feed. This where the each If the too high or the the top of following the outlined below. The the top of the turned off, or initialized. (The top of the front and tractors.) You temporarily the top of the when the top of or the the of the section). The the temporary top of the or switch tractors. The following to the top of the turned and the selected (the tractor arrow should WARNING: To the top of when the the forward-feeding (top) MICRO FEED only. through the the off Press the TOP OF FORM to the top of The once, and the TOP OF FORM light flashing. Also, the the that the top of with the the clear Loading and
The the shows where the of first of text This based the first of If software top of text actually below the top of the MICRO FEED buttons to the to the top of The the as reference only when the top of At other top of the Press the TOP OF FORM to the top of and top of (If to the top of without top of the ON LINE instead of the TOP OF FORM Loading and
Press the ON LINE to the The top of the turned off, or initialized. the of such as and the of the top of the of the as Rather than where text based the top of theres to the temporarily the top of the amount. the the of that half-inch lower, the half-inch as The this temporary top of the or switch tractors. Follow these to to the text that to the the ON LINE to You to the right the section selecting the NLQ with DIP switches. The normally the ribbon. To the the TOP OF FORM This the slightly that the with the the clear Loading and
the MICRO FEED buttons to to where the of of text to If the forward-feeding (top) MICRO FEED finished, the ON LINE to the top of the TOP OF FORM to the top of If the as the top of instead.) Tear-Off The TEAR OFF feed the perforation of to the tear-off when finished This to tear off the and normally If to the of the perforation that the tear-off the tear-off the tear-off and micro-feed. The this tear-off and as reference feeding the (The tear-off the front and tractors.) The following to the tear-off that the turned and the selected. WARNING: the TEAR OFF with If backward, they the Loading and
If the the ON LINE to off the (the the top of the top cover). This the tear-off Press the TEAR OFF to the tear-off The TEAR OFF light and the the perforation to the tear-off Loading and
If to the of the perforation that the tear-off the MICRO FEED buttons to feed the or 1/216th-inch (You MICRO FEED to the continuously.) You the tear-off when the tear-off the TEAR OFF once and the TEAR OFF light The the tear-off the off, or initialized. Loading and
Tear off the the tear-off the top cover. Press the TEAR OFF to the back to the top of and then the ON LINE to the ready to instead, the ON LINE to the back and the WARNING: tear off the feed the back to the top of than Loading and
Switching and Rear Tractors You easily switch the front and the tractor. The following the switching from the front to the rear tractor, follow the to switch from the rear tractor to the front tractor. (To switch tractors when the optional Chapter WARNING: switch tractors when already the Instead, completely the first tearing off the fresh below the tractor and FORM FEED or LINE FEED to the the turned and that the front selected (the front tractor arrow the PAPER SELECT should If the of the to switch tractors. Then follow these If there the tractor, to the (the first of the as through Loading and
If the or that through the the tear-off the section to tear off the or WARNING: tear off the and that through the switching tractors. feed than through the If the the ON LINE to off Loading and
Press the FRONT/REAR to switch to the tractor. The front-loaded back to the and the advanced to the top of Press the ON LINE to the back it ready to the The following the the front tractor, follow the when the the tractor. the turned and the front selected. (If the the tractor, the tractor should selected instead.) Loading and
WARNING: the following already the Instead, completely the first tearing off the fresh supply below the and pressing FORM FEED or LINE FEED to the Then the as earlier this chapter the sections If the the tear-off to tear off the or WARNING: tear off the than through the If the the ON LINE to off Loading and
Press the FRONT/REAR to switch to the tractor. The front-loaded back to the the front cover. (To the the top cover and the back Loading and
the covers and the from the tractor. the as through (or through Loading and
The DFX-5000 of including and It of thicknesses, from thin to The to the thickness of and the positioning of text the information the sections top of and earlier this chapter. You should both and software or the section Chapter If or or to the optional tractor. Chapter WARNING: or that within the of the to to the head. information the B. You with to four sheets, including the the tractor. On the front tractor, with to sheets. You the other type of however, the straight and or tear the sections earlier this chapter. Loading and
the DFX-5000, choose the type mounted with with tractor. should the front only. You the that the section the front earlier this chapter. WARNING: the TEAR OFF, FRONT/REAR, or MICRO FEED when the through the they easily off the and the Although feed through the the follow these Instead of using the TEAR OFF to the off and the FORM FEED or LINE FEED the the where tear off easily. the FRONT/REAR to switch tractors or the supply of first. tearing off the fresh supply perforation below the and then the FORM FEED or LINE FEED to the the top of or only the forward-feeding (top) MICRO FEED WARNING: to and humidity, them operating Loading and
Chapter the the lights Other DIP Switches DIP switch DIP switch DIP switch Slashed Character Near or International character perforation feed Interface type and With Application spreadsheets the
the The to features. The and tear-off and The lights information such as which which with and which tractor ready to The following sections the of the lights and buttons. lights The lights the the of the of the lights and of their II II II -READY -PAPER OUT aREnD The POWER light when the switch =PAPER OUT and to the oPOWER The READY light when the and ready to from This light -PAPER OUT the MICRO TOP OF FORM
The PAPER OUT light when the of This light whenever there the head, there the tractors the The ON LINE light when the and ready to and from TEAR OFF The TEAR OFF light when the the tear-off The to the tear-off when this light The TOP OF FORM light when the the top of The to the top of when this light The front arrow when the front selected. The light when loaded, the the and when the completely of The arrow when the tractor selected. The light when loaded, the the and when the tractor of the
buttons The operations and easily. when the off The to this the ON LINE and the LINE FEED/LOAD oPOWER TN LINE FORM FEED -READY PAPER OUT The ON LINE the Press this to the or off the the ON LINE light and the and from the the top of the ON LINE to the without top of You the ON LINE to the tear-off Chapter information the top of and tear-off. The FORM FEED the to the top of the To this the when the off To the that the to, the section the top of This to the the section the Chapter the UNE FEED MICRO OFF LJ E) PAPER SELECT TOP OF FORM FRONT/REAR
The LINE FEED/LOAD or when the off To this once. the to feed continuously. To there the the selected tractor. the sections Chapter information. The TEAR OFF the to the tear-off tear off without the normally To this the off finished and the TEAR OFF The the to the tear-off tearing off the the TEAR OFF or ON LINE to the back to the top of If the perforation of exactly with the tear-off the MICRO FEED buttons to the tear-off the section using tear-off WARNING: the TEAR OFF with the FORM FEED or LINE FEED instead to the to where they torn off. The MICRO FEED buttons or the 1/216th-inch when the off You these to the top of tear-off, and To the top of the off and the TOP OF FORM to the top of Then the MICRO FEED buttons to the
the to the the section the top of Chapter To the tear-off the off and the TEAR OFF to the tear-off and feed the to the tear-off Then the MICRO FEED buttons to the to the the section tear-off Chapter To the the off and MICRO FEED to or the to the the section the WARNING: the with the top MICRO FEED through the The TOP OF FORM button and the top of when the off the top of The top of where the each If too high or the the top of the top of and to the The this top of turned off, or initialized. Also, the top of the front and tractors. If the top of the without the ON LINE the section the top of Chapter the
WARNING: the FRONT/REAR when the Also, switching tractors. feed than through the Other The to holding the LINE FEED or FORM FEED while the the The the DIP switch and the characters the ROM Memory). the section the information. holding both the FORM FEED and LINE FEED buttons while turn the the This the that to the that advanced the of the and the section the Chapter information. The FRONT/REAR the front or when the off If using tractor, first the switching the tractor. switch tractors, the already the to the and the the selected loaded. the
DIP Switches The DFX-5000 of DIP switches. DIP switches of functions such as and DIP switch shown the DIP switch and the Reference the back of this of the DIP switch functions the section DIP switch functions the factory to the of users, shouldnt to DIP switch If to DIP switch, the following to off the and when DIP switch To DIP switch follow these Turn off the the front cover. The DIP switches located the front the front tractor If there the front tractor, or of the reach the DIP switches. the
the DIP switch cover. pointed such as the of or to the switch or off. DIP switch when and off when that the turned off the DIP switch the
the DIP switch cover and the Turn the to the DIP switch the only or the DIP switch The following the each DIP switch. The the or factory the the right information about each DIP Switch International character below DIP Switch Switch perforation Interface type/parity below the ON inches inches Normal High ON OFF ON OFF below OFF
International character Interface/Parity selection Interface type selection Parity Switch Switch ON ON OFF ON ON the
DIP switch The features with the DIP switches below. DIP switch reduces the of text characters to their This characters which useful spreadsheets and other where to the amount of information The below (characters inch) with This This The pitch the DFX-5000 however, other pitches, and selected with software. Both and condensed, Chapter information with software commands. the
Slashed DIP switch the slashed (). the DIP switch off, the This clearly distinguishing and when such as Character DIP switch the Graphics character selected. off, the character selected. The Graphics character international characters, characters, and graphics characters corners, and areas. these character only of the character text the Graphics Also, with the software commands or graphics characters which character select. Although software with the graphics the switching and other graphic characters, or however, that software the to graphics or information software commands. the character You to the ESC to of the Graphics characters. the Command Summary the
The Graphics character and the character shown below. Graphics character the
Italics character The input memory to the while amounts of text or graphics. The input when DIP switch off. To the DIP switch Near or DIP switch the DFX-5000 (NLQ) the DIP switch off, NLQ high text characters The DFX-5000 offers NLQ and the NLQ the
NLQ with the software command ESC the Command Summary Chapter lower-resolution characters The DFX-5000 and high-speed These DIP switch the the DIP switch to which to International character International character the characters and other To the international character switches and to the DIP switch The character then becomes the character The following shows the characters that each international character Infernational character the
to the character with DIP switches, the character shown below the ESC software command. the Command Summary information. ASCII Country Norway II II America DIP switch the to inches. the DIP switch off, the inches. other than or inches with the ESC C and ESC CO commands. the Command DIP switch off, high-speed selected. the DIP switch selected. This affects the DIP switch or selected through software. If NLQ selected, the the selected to the higher-resolution characters. High-speed characters characters that as as the with If such as emphasized, or high-speed the temporarily switch to the turned off. This allows to without high-speed 5B 5C 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E the
The following the High-speed Normal back of What the perforation DIP switch the one-inch the and the first the top of the the of and the top of the the section the top of Chapter their own top and should this them. feed DIP switch the feed (LF) to every (CR) the software. the switch off, only when the software commands to the Since and to should this text If feed text to the AUTO FEED XT the
Interface type and If to DIP switches and that and properly. These DIP switches the interface type and parity. (You to the following section The below shows the DIP switch interface, and interface with or parity. If what type of interface to and the DIP switch interface and Interface type selecting interface and parity, to the the which the from the The below shows the DIP switch the four or the and should to the DIP switch Parity Switch Switch OFF OFF OFF ON ON OFF ON ON the
With Application that and tested the with specify the type of that the of the features. or that of to choose from. If selection choose the DFX-5000 from its of If the DFX-5000 the choose of the following, of preference. FX-850/1050 FX-85/185 FX-80/100 EX-800/1000 FX LX If the DFX-5000, to the software to to the and the DFX-5000 properly. If the correctly, the selection and the
If Chapter troubleshooting information. Word of around the text to the printed, the and translated commands the the while others the text as when it or commands These commands or the This the of allowing to DFX-5000 the with To commands, first to the software allows to commands Then the section commands to the Chapter the Command Summary Chapter of the commands the DFX-5000. spreadsheets Although spreadsheets as as they If spreadsheet of the the to the selection. If spreadsheet the information when spreadsheets the of or characters, that its pitch of characters inch the DFX-5000 to characters You increase the of characters the
about with DIP switch. You or both with software command. The below shows the of characters that these options. If spreadsheet the of which option to and supply the from this of Normal spreadsheet usually commands within spreadsheet. Instead, or of the spreadsheet. To choose the the spreadsheet, to DIP switch the section earlier this chapter DIP switches. To the commands, first the spreadsheet to to commands. Then the section commands to the Chapter the Command Summary Chapter of the commands the DFX-5000. the
Chapter the from and Character pitch Character Emphasized and and to the ASCII Printercommands the Command Summary commands from software Selecting with Select the from
Enhancing DIP switches the of whole Software commands, the other hand, from character to the using software commands, with the DFX-5000 from the text the to to and You of the effects this section with choose or option while such as or NLQ, or phrase. If software commands Once about of the features the DFX-5000 offers, to software to If software commands, the the the Command Summary Chapter To about software with and to commands, the section this chapter commands to the and The DFX-5000 three of high-speed and NLQ High-speed rough and or reports that to quickly. Normal offers higher characters. Finally, NLQ characters the from
NLQ the DFX-5000 offers and NLQ selected when the NLQ with DIP switch or with the software ESC To NLQ the software ESC The following high-speed NLQ and NLQ and information selecting NLQ and the with DIP switches. High-speed Normal back of What the NLQ o o o What the gross? NLQ
High-speed only with (the pitch). Also, the only that with high-speed If other or character selected, the switches to High-speed the turned off. Character pitch character pitch characters inch or through software or commands. and each character amount of however, from character to character. the lowercase than the W. The assigned to each character shown the A. The following the of C ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ This CPI This ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWKYZ the from
High-speed If or the temporarily switches to or turned off. Character and to the of characters. reduces the of characters This characters (about which useful spreadsheets. Double-wide the other hand, the of each character. This headings and other text that to Although selected with DIP switch of software commands. Double-wide only selected through software or software commands. or the characters or the and to the of characters to the of characters the as five-space characters. of and This characters pitch o the from
High-speed temporarily switch to or selected. Emphasized and Emphasized and If the or command. the DFX-5000 each character as the head the The character slightly to the right of the first to characters. the each character the slightly below the first, to the text and of and This This This This and combined. when combined with NLQ Also, high-speed temporarily switch to or selected. the from
You characters or as typeface. software the with software commands or phrase. of This NLQ This NLQ The command ESC the the DIP switch to the Graphics character instead of the character information which character to The of It and (You cant however.) the that combined with high-speed without reducing the Although usually software with software command. and and footnote and mathematical formulas. The following and mathematical
to the This section commands directly to the allowing to of ASCII with of numbered ASCII (American Information the the translated the ASCII A, transmitted to peripheral such as or and then back the A. There ASCII the the both and lowercase and the through The ASCII of includes and that the Command Summary Chapter each ASCII three as ASCII character, as and as or the through the through F. the as the ASCII character K, the and the 4B. of these The software and numbers, and assigned from through ASCII with of than they the operation of and other These ASCII characters the and as characters software the chart Chapter the from
Although there than to the operation of to sophisticated Therefore, ASCII that These of the ASCII with of through normally characters and to This first to the that the that follow to as as characters or punctuation. The that the of these the of with the You written ways-such as ESC, and this the of ESC when within command. commands the to the instructions ASCII to the within command. command, as ASCII or of that instructs the to function. software commands to and These commands to such functions as typeface, feed the amount each and the software these commands yourself. The commands that the Command Summary, Chapter and the Reference the back of this the from
the Command Summary The commands the Command of of ASCII You the ASCII characters or their or the to ESC S1 ASCII characters. The this and the 1B the Command Summary, commands the they such as character and You commands the of software commands that immediately the Command Summary This the commands. commands include such as the the selecting or double-high ESC double-high turned and when double-high turned off. Command Summary to distinguish them from ASCII characters. commands from software commands the software software the while others If software allow to commands to the the Command Summary to the to software should exactly what and required.
Selecting with Select Select that allows to choose of To Select to the first choose the of the choose: The of the Select ASCII ESC 1B To the Select to the and then whatever choose the
The that the or of To the of the Select below and the or the features Select Hex. to title characters these three together to the of o o the of the Select to the to the To the Select and would the and ASCII ESC 1B the from
these things when the Select command: Select of the features that already and to Select to only, the character to and condensed. when combined with NLQ combined with high-speed without slowing the If other used, high-speed temporarily and selected. and of Select and the ESC and ESC commands. the from
Chapter and Transporting the Cleaning the the Ribbon Transporting the and Transporting the
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly The following to the If the optional tractor, cleaning the Turn off the and of its covers. and If the or dusty, with cloth with of the covers closed to from the and Transporting the
WARNING: or thinners to the These chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the think the Ribbon becomes too to the ribbon. the the DFX-5000. The following to the ribbon. WARNING: If the recently, the head it cool attempting to the ribbon. If the the ON LINE to off This the the head and the to the ribbon. Then off the the top cover and the head to the right. and Transporting the
the off the head as shown below. the of the as shown below to release from the mounting Then the and from and Transporting the
the beneath the the head back to the of the the of the the from the as shown below. (This Then the from its the and the ribbon-tightening to the ribbon. and Transporting the
the with both and the as shown below. the the the the Then the that the the mounting the Press lightly both of the to the properly and Transporting the
the the each of the head, as shown below. The of the should top, with its the Turn the ribbon-tightening to the ribbon. the head from to to that smoothly and that the or creased. the top cover. and Transporting the
the If to the the and The following to Turn off the and the If or the them to the instructions the sections and Chapter Also, options them to the instructions the from the outlet and then the from the If the built-in or interface, the interface and the interface Then the interface cover. and Transporting the
the top cover and the head to the right. the from the head as shown below, and then the cross-head screwdriver, the and the
the locking and the head as shown below. Then the the top cover and the back its WARNING: when to the yourself. The should and Transporting the
Chapter the the Tractor the tractor the with front the with tractor the Interface Boards Choosing interface board interface the
the Tractor The optional The tractor with and the with the front or built-in tractor, as this section. the tractor To the tractor, cross-head screwdriver. The following to the tractor. If to the tractor with the built-in rear tractor, should the tractor the tractor. the section the Turn off the and the cover. the
the cross-head screwdriver to the the screws from the the that with the tractor.
the cover and the top cover. the with its to the the tractors front notches the mounting of the the
the tractor back its the mounting the top cover. the with the front tractor If or with than four including the should the tractor with the built-in front tractor. You switch the front and tractors when using the tractor. the FRONT/REAR and then the FORM FEED to feed the the to the tractor. the section Chapter The tear-off when the tractor installed. To tear off the FORM FEED to the to where torn off. the
The following to the optional tractor with the built-in front tractor. Turn the and the top cover. there to the top of If there already the tractor the FRONT/REAR or LINE FEED/LOAD which tractor selected) to the to the top of If there the as Once the front tractor, the FORM FEED to the to the tractor. Release both the them Then both covers. the
the to match the of the that they spaced the the
the of the the If there the or the the properly with the the to the of the as shown below. the to the right first, and then turn as necessary. the
the covers. the that the straight and smooth, and then them the top of as Chapter Press the FORM FEED to the the back of the the of the first below the the top cover and the ON LINE ready to the tractor with the If using or with than four including the the tractor; the front instead. the previous section using the tractor with the front tractor. You switch the front and tractors when the tractor. the FRONT/REAR and then the FORM FEED to the the to the tractor. the section Chapter the
The tear-off when the To tear off the FORM FEED to the to where torn off. The following to the optional with the built-in tractor. If the tractor, the the tractor. Then the tractor as earlier this chapter. Turn the and the top cover. If there the tractor, to follow through below to the tractor. If there the tractor, the top of or to the the to release the tractor, and then the that its the of the the as the
the tractor back the the mounting the FORM FEED to the to the tractor. Release both the them Then both covers. the
the to match the of the that they spaced the the
the of the the If there the or the the properly with the the to the of the as shown below. the to the right first, and then as necessary. the
the covers. the that the straight and smooth, and then them the top of as Chapter Press the FORM FEED to the the back of the the of the first sheet below the the top and the ON LINE ready to the Follow these to the tractor. cross-head screwdriver and the that originally the the and off the the
the top cover and the that the the these to release the tractor. Then the tractor and of the the top cover and the cover. the
the cross-head screwdriver, the that with the tractor. the and the cover. Interface Boards You optional interface boards to built-in and interfaces. If know whether optional interface or to about interfaces, the
Choosing interface Optional interface boards three IEEE-488 interfaces that trouble-free operation, and the to computers, and other the they freely. Coax and interfaces that directly to the and with IBM or or This allows to function as IBM without the of other or These interfaces currently from other than interfaces, which usually necessary the DFX-5000 built-in interface. The following interfaces with the DFX-5000. interface The following to optional interface board. the board, the from the built-in interface. The built-in and optional interface should connected the If optional interface board, DIP switches interface, interface board. the
Turn off both and If the interface board with FG ground) that already attached to the board, the as shown below the right. FG FG attached the interface cover. the
the of the securely the interface as shown. If the screws (as shown the screwdriver to the to the interface board. If the instead, them together to the to the interface board. the
the the option the of the the the option cross-head screwdriver to the board with the four screws provided. the
the screw from the CG (chassis ground) the and then the cross-head screwdriver to the FG from the interface to the CG as shown below. the DIP switches the interface board to the accompanying interface board. the using the the the interface cover. the
Chapter Troubleshooting and The The The spaced incorrectly The or The what properly Troubleshooting
and This section and their If trying the this section, to try the that advanced the of the and the the section the the back of this chapter information. and their The the turned and the POWER light If the turned the POWER light to that the and that the outlet turned the top cover closed and the ON LINE light If the ON LINE light the ON LINE to the back the connected securely to the both of the the and the the of (The PAPER OUT light should off and the tractor arrow the PAPER SELECT should the arrow the PAPER SELECT If the tractor selected, there the to and then the FRONT/REAR to switch to that tractor. the sections Chapter Troubleshooting
that protective If turn off the the protective and the back the section removing protective Chapter If the the from the and the If the properly, the and the the the software, or the If the The The of the supply. The the and the sections Chapter The This caused too or ribbon. the section the Chapter The top cover If the top cover the four and To the top cover and the ON LINE If the ON LINE light flashing, the head overheated. the head when the head If the and the sounds, the off and or other Then it back and to If the and to service Troubleshooting
The incorrectly If the text the feed the of each of Turn DIP switch If the of feed commands Turn DIP switch off. If the when DIP switch turned off, to the AUTO FEED XT from The or The properly the section the Chapter The the section the The head This of characters to the head replaced. to the head other of the should the The what The character or Graphics) selected. the section selecting character with DIP switches Chapter You the character with software command. the Command Summary Chapter Troubleshooting
The securely connected to the both of the the and the softwares or other selected properly. software correctly and that specify continuous-feed as the type of If the too high or the following the instructions the sections Chapter the top of and the the SelecType or DIP switch the to the or the instead of SelecType or DIP switches. software information Also, information commands, the section commands to the Chapter that the DIP switches correctly with the built-in or interface. the section DIP switch interface type, parity, and Chapter You the DIP switch the Chapter If using optional interface board, that DIP switches and of whether the optional board or the section DIP switch interface type Chapter Also, that the DIP switches the interface board to the instructions the interface Troubleshooting
properly The mounted the correctly. the of the correctly the the to match the width of and that they with their covers closed. the the tractors to ripped, or If something with the tear off the below the tractor and FORM FEED to the Then fresh the first clean, straight The supply too from the or with the front or tractor. Also, there the of the or something top of the supply. If the tractor, that printed with the supply. Chapter instructions the of the supply. If trying to of the buttons, the off If there the section The to easy users to the of the and of the reaching the produced. Troubleshooting
To the follow these To the the FORM FEED and LINE FEED buttons the while the Next, or written the to the as shown below: To off the the ON LINE to the off and then off the (The INIT from the the shown the characters the right with the of the what to the If characters they appear as their ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as of to the first the first of the (1B 1B 1B the U, the the first of the right and another U, and If the Command Summary Chapter that these the commands to the and turn o o o
Chapter Command Summary the Command Summary chart. Commands Commands Topic motion. motion and character Word Charactersets characters Graphics Command Summary
the Command Summary This chapter and the commands the DFX. The first of this chapter commands and the where each If which command the to the of the where The Reference the of the of the commands topic, with that to of the commands. The of this chapter and each command separately; the commands the following operation Word motion Character motion characters Graphics and character Each section and section. The section the ASCII, and the command; the section the of the and information using three and should easy to the to the chart information using these. Command Summary
The type of consists of character to to the instance, to the ASCII SI 0F This from the directly. More commands of or character to the the following: ASCII ESC 1B this or to or You of the following commands to ON from BASIC: LPRINT LPRINT the following commands that or the the or and or the ASCII characters and used: ESC U, ESC ESC ESC W, ESC S, ESC-, and ESC BASIC with of these LPRINT CHR$(27);p;CHR$(1) LPRINT CHR$(27);p;1 Command Summary
Chart through The below the The that the the the the or that the and the to the the other Also, these Command Summary Hex. 0A OB 0C 0D OE OF 1A 1B C
Commands This section the DFX commands, with their and The the the right the this chapter where of the found. ASCII BEL BS HT LF VT FF CR o ESC SO SI ESC SI DC1 DC2 DC3 DC4 CAN ESC SP ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0E 0F 0F 2A 2D 2F Backspace feed Select Select Select Select Select intercharacter Select MSB Select characters Select graphics Turn on/off Select Command Summary
ASCII 1/8-inch ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC C ESC CO ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC I ESC ESC ESC SO ESC S1 7/72-inch Select Select n/216-inch Printable ESC 3A Copy ROM RAM Unidirectional 3C 3D MSB to 3E MSB to 3F Reassign graphics n/72-inch inches Select Select 4A n/216-inch 4B Select graphics 4C Select graphics 4D Select 4E perforation 4F perforation Select right International character Select Select Command Summary
ASCII ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC DEL Turn on/off Turn on/off High-speed graphics 5A graphics 5C relative 5E Select graphics Select 6B Select NLQ 6C Turn on/off Select character Select NLQ or 7F character Command Summary
Commands Topic This section and the commands. ESC Format: C o C 1B the and clears the of the the command. Selection: DC1 Format: ASCII DC1 the to the selected the (DC3). the switched off the ON LINE DC1 and DC3 the interface IBM and computers). Command Summary
DC3 Format: ASCII DC3 the the (DC1) received. The reselected with the ON LINE ESC Select Unidirectional Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3C normally bidirectional. This selects only. (It The head to the and from to right. Command Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following turned ON. (The or turned OFF. and or the ASCII characters and used.) normally bidirectional. This selects MSB MSB the MSB (ESC ESC and ESC graphics or characters. MSB to ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3D the MSB of incoming to with the MSB to which that or character graphics printed. ESC this C o Turn Unidirectional On/Off
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3E the MSB of incoming as ESC MSB Format: ASCII ESC 1B the MSB ESC or ESC BEL Format: ASCII BEL Sounds the Command Summary MSB to
CR Format: ASCII CR 0D Prints the the and the to the feed DIP switch ON or the AUTO FEED XT the interface LOW. CAN Format: ASCII CAN text the Character DEL Format: ASCII DEL 7F the text character the C o
Motion feeding: FF Format: ASCII FF 0C Prints the the and the to the top of the to the length. ESC C Format: ASCII ESC C 1B the to the spacing. The of from to The top of to the the DIP switch ESCC0 Format: ASCII ESC C the to inches. The of from to The top of to the the DIP switch Command Summary
Perforation ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4E The the of the and the first the with the (1/6-inch), and ESC the DFX to and then DIP switch the function. This ESC and ESC C or ESC C The of from to ESC Format: C o C 1B 4F the perforation ESC N. the of DIP switch feeding: LF Format: ASCII LF 0A this received, the the and the the Command Summary Perforation
ESC Select 1/8-inch Spacing Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch feed commands. The the character and ASCII ESC Select 7/72-inch Spacing Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch commands. The the character and lowercase or ASCII ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch feed commands. The the character and ASCII This the Select 1/6-inch Spacing Command Summary
ESC Select n/216-inch Spacing Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch commands. The the character three and ASCII The of from to ESC Select n/72-inch Spacing Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch commands. The of from to ESC n/216-inch Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4A Advances the of inch. The of from to This and Command Summary
VT Format: ASCII VT 0B Advances the to the the selected ESC If selected, used. If selected, the ESC Format: C o C to the spacing. affected spacing. The as from to The character the of the command. ESC ESC clears the Command Summary Vertically
ESC Format: C o C 1B Functions the as ESC B, that the selects the which to Therefore, to of The selected ESC To clear the ESC ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2F This command to the with the of from to commands the selected this command. If selected, used. Command
Motion Margins: ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 6C the to the character the treated as This clears and previous characters the lowercase (as the The the the of character. Right Margin ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the right to the character the treated as This clears previous and characters the The the the of character. Command Summary Margin
head BS Backspace Format: ASCII BS Prints the then the to the Backspacing to, beyond, the the BS ESC or ESC ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This the from the currently that characters to printed, using this of Each of inch. The and the effective the specified the right This command to both and NLQ. Command Summary
Relative ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 5C the to the which of following To and first the of inch. the this of If the to the the from the The would the the This to both and NLQ. HT Format: ASCII HT Advances the to the The of characters the character and affected character Command Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC This allows of to which as (from to with the character or than the terminating the command. ESC clears The or ESC characters. The the character the of characters the ESC Near Quality or Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following Selects the (The or Selects the and or the ASCII characters and (NLQ) used.) NLQ selected, the or whichever currently selected. NLQ. Command Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 6B This affects only the The following Command Summary Select NLQ Font
Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects of the the below. The together the of the from the This command to both and NLQ. combined with and condensed. If both and selected, NLQ. Command Summary
and Character ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects characters inch This command normally to ESC Format: C o C 1B 4D Selects characters inch This command both and NLQ. Command Summary
ESC Turn On/Off Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following turned ON. (The or and or the ASCII characters and turned OFF. used.) The of characters from character to character. Therefore, than W. The the character which appear A. This condensed. This NLQ, and characters. SI Select Format: ASCII SI 0F Prints characters about of their the characters inch. condensed, and condensed. This NLQ. Command Summary
ESC SI Select Format: C o C 1B 0F the SI command. This NLQ. DC2 Format: ASCII DC2 SI, ESC SI, or DIP switch. Select Format: ASCII SO 0E Double-wide the of characters. This or DC4. This both and NLQ. Command Summary
Select ESC SO Format: ASCII ESC SO 1B 0E the SO command. This both and NLQ. DC4 Format: ASCII DC4 selected SO or ESC SO, double-wide selected ESC or ESC ESC Turn On/Off Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following turned ON. (The or turned OFF. and or the ASCII characters and used.) Double-wide the of characters. This both and NLQ. Command Summary
ESC Select Emphasized Format: ASCII ESC 1B each with the slightly to the right of the first. This both and NLQ. ESC Emphasized Format: ASCII ESC 1B emphasized, the selected ESC E. This both and NLQ. ESC Select Format: C o C 1B text each with the slightly below the first. NLQ Command Summary
ESC Format: C o C 1B Turns off the selected ESC G. ESC S0 Format: ASCII ESC NUL 1B Prints characters about two-thirds of the height the of the character The or or the character this command. It with ESC T. This both and NLQ. ESC S1 Format: ASCII ESC SOH 1B Prints characters about two-thirds of the height the of the character The or or the character this command. It with ESC T. This both and NLQ. Command Summary Select
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B or ESC Turn On/Off Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2D The following turned ON. (The or turned OFF. and or the ASCII characters or used.) This including This command both and NLQ. Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B characters to printed. This the Graphics character selected ESC or the DIP switch character graphics This both and NLQ. Command Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the selected ESC This both and NLQ. Word Processing Select Justification ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following Selects Selects centering. Selects right Selects The when the becomes The commands HT and BS there within This both and NLQ. Command Summary
Intercharacter ESC SP Format: ESCS ASCII 1B the amount of to the right of each character, to the already allowed the of the character. The of of to which should from to of of inch. This command both and NLQ. Character Select Character Table ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following Selects character Selects Graphics character Selects the character ASCII through Selecting Graphics selected ESC and the function of DIP switch that the of or the characters and used. the character Command
ESC Select International Character Format: ASCII ESC the section international character Chapter information international character The following 0=USA 3=UK the DIP switch international characters. This both and NLQ. Characters Characters ESC Format: ASCII ESC NUL 1B This characters. Command Summary 9=Norway II II America
Copy ROM RAM ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3A This command the characters the ROM RAM SO that characters The following ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B ESC to the character The following Selects the Selects the NLQ characters, ESC Command Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the of through as characters, the characters that with these ESC ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This through to treated as This the ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B ASCII to and to These become input of the ESC which allows the of these characters. If this to and to to Command Summary Printable Printable
Graphics ESC Select Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4B graphics inch). The of ESC Select Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4C graphics inch). The of ESC Select High-Speed Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B eight-pin high-speed graphics inch). The of Command Summary
ESC Quadruple-Density Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 5A graphics inch). The of ESC Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2A graphics the below the The of this Command Summary
ESC Reassign Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3F graphics to another. The character (K, L, or Z), which reassigned to ESC graphic ESC Select Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 5E graphics this the of and The of This items each of Command Summary
Reference A-2 Character Tables.................................................................................A-6 Reference
Table This the of characters. The of inch. of of inch.) You to these it the of characters that The characters with indicated international characters or graphics. the section international character Chapter and the of the ESC and ESC commands the Command Summary information to these characters. The following shows each the character, and the characters If there the the the of the character. A-2 Reference
Reference A-3
CHR Reference A-4 CHR BO B4 B5 B6 B7 B9 C BE BF Cl C6 C8 C C C C C DO D2
D3 D4 D5 D6 D7 D8 D9 C EO E2 E3 E4 E5 E6 E7 E8 E9 EB C EE EF FO F2 F3 F4 F5 F6 F7 F8 F9 FA FB C FE Reference A-5 CHR
Character The character the selected DIP switch or the ESC software command. the Graphics character the ESC and ESC software commands whether to 9F characters (ESC or (ESC the the first of each the top and the the first The the and and the the to the character. A, the the and the A-6 Reference
I,, I?^ E. KY C
I/
Technical Specifications Specifications Mechanical Interface Specifications B-7 interface B-13 B-14 B-2 B-2 B-3 B-5 B-5 B-6 Technical Specifications
Specifications Pitch Quality Characters/second/line high-speed spacing: Pitch characters pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch B-2 Technical Specifications Bidirectional text Unidirectional graphics switched to bidirectional the software command). 1/6-inch, /&inch, or of of inch
(DIP switch Character Character ASCII character characters) international character Graphics character feed type: pitches front feed tractor (optional) Continuous-feed to inches to 1/6-inch feeding feeding Technical Specifications B-3
Printable to inches to to thickness: to inches to inches of With only: to thickness of inches Rear-one to three thickness of B-4 Technical Specifications right or
Mechanical Ribbon: MCBF: hours MTBF: characters head life: character and VAC VAC VAC to Cartridge ribbon, ribbons characters, dot/character): characters head: 13,500,OOO Height: inches Width: inches Depth: inches B-5
Insulation AC and chassis Can withstand KV seconds or AC and chassis): Operation: 41F to 95F (5C to 35C) -22F to 150F (-30C to 65C) Humidity: Operation: to RH without to RH without B-6 Technical Specifications Operation: to within to within Operation: to to to to
Interface Specifications The DFX-5000 with both and interface. WARNING: the built-in interface and optional interface the this of the built-in interface with built-in or optional interface both. interface Connector assignments and of their respective interface shown the the following tion IN STROBE to STROBE than microseconds the DATA IN These information of DATA IN the to of DATA IN respectively, IS HIGH DATA IN when and LOW when DATA IN DATA DATA DATA IN ACKNLG OUT About LOW I: that and that the IS ready to Technical Specifications B-7 II
B-8 Technical Specifications
interface based TTL Both the and of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this only the of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW). The heading "Direction" to the of the flow as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the Interface The below shows the the interface. Technical Specifications B-9
and The below shows the relationship or the line/off and the of the characters, DC1 or DC3. *While character and acknowledged that the another DC1 character, which would allow to B-10 Specifications
interface The DFX-5000 built-in interface RS-232C interface with the following characteristics. 3V to 27V +3V to +27V DTR or X-on/X-off. to to detected, other input X-OFF or DTR to Can input X-ON or DTR to length: or Technical Specifications B-11
assignment of the interface The heading Direction to the of flow from the Technical Specifications B-12
There three that the to of as the below. Software the ESC the Software These three of slightly effects. three the to the selected the DIP switches the front cover. ESC the clear the input or clear the character The turned The INIT the interface LOW). command). Technical Specifications B-13
The below shows the that become when the initialized. Item head of On/off On and right spacing 1/6-inch Conforms to DIP switch Top of TOP OF FORM Tear-off TEAR OFF Front/rear selection PAPER SELECT Cleared Every characters to DIP switch Character pitch Justification Conforms to DIP switch where Other Hardware: Cleared Software: Not cleared Hardware: Cleared character B-14 Technical Specifications Software: Deselected
that these apply specifically to If that topic information. software that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and feed this turned using DIP switch, each (CR) feed (LF) tear-off that the perforation to the tear-off and then the back to the top of This when the tear-off of the of Usually to second. bidirectional which the head from to right every other and from right to the others. This increases the of GL-1
or which the of information or memory. of information consisting of The that the to the issued together with feed, the to the of the bidirectional the head to the character of numbers, and that with the characters character of character that graphic or characters. Graphics and characters inch of the of characters, often to as pitch. the which each character approximately of the of characters. when or spreadsheets. GL-2
that each perforated and the characters, the ASCII includes other These such as sounding the and or feed. characters inch. troubleshooting that users the of the and the each that and ASCII or that when the or initialized. DIP switches switches that functions and the of the when turned or initialized. DIP graphics graphic of GL-3
of which each or of of characters. character with the character slightly below the first. which each character its One of three character high-speed and quality. of characters. Each character with the character slightly to the right of the first. Graphics The Graphics character international characters, characters, and character graphics corners, and areas. ESC to commands. ESC/P of commands that software. The and software computers. GL-4
of type family such as or terminology, normally the of and Each the to the top of the front The built-in tractor that from the front of the This feeding, which and front tractor arrow The arrow-shaped light the PAPER SELECT that lights when the front tractor selected. The arrow when there the tractor, the and when the tractor of front/rear that switch tractors automatically. high-speed One of three High-speed of character to high-speed and GL-5
To establish the of the turning the or INIT input memory. interface The the and the interface character or and interface which the characters This Also, character that characters and that the feed/load that the or memory The memory. from the of the from the memory to the memory. The then information from its memory. This frees the to other while the The memory the or the input GL-6
micro-feed that the top of and tear-off (NLQ) One of three Near reduces the and increases the of character to high-resolution characters. and high-speed Three commonly with and the through (This the and the through and the through F. This and and only the and information to that or off. often and the with the connected to The ON LINE the line/off The of the that the the GL-7
The the right of the This front and tractor that light to which selected. front tractor arrow and arrow. interface interface. and to the of pitch The of characters inch The The plate the that the three of high-speed and (NLQ). and high-speed high-speed, NLQ polished The the where text or graphics This normally the the TOP OF FORM ON LINE to The micro-feed. GL-8
which the amount of to each character than lowercase The than typewritten optional that useful when or that through the Both the front and built-in tractors tractors; they the through the to the head. RAM Random Memory. The of the memory that as and characters. The built-in that from the of the arrow The arrow-shaped light the PAPER SELECT that lights when the tractor selected. The arrow when there the tractor, the and when the tractor of To to its or INIT or turning the off and then back GL-9
of the of the the the its DIP switch and the characters that its ROM. interface interface. The the manually the first of the tractor the switches tractors, the back to this tear-off that the tear-off tear-off. tear-off The the the to when the TEAR OFF This that the perforation the tear-off top of The the that the as the first The the to this when the This using micro-feed. characters Characters that and the the known as characters. GL-10
EPSON Reference
Commands Topic This section the DFX commands. The the the right the Chapter where of the found.
ESC ESC ESC Select ESC 4D Select ESC Turn SI (ESC DC2 SO (ESC SO) DC4 ESC ESCE ESC ESC ESC ESC SO ESCT ESC 2D Turn on/off ESC Select ESC ESC Select ESC SP Character ESCR characters ESC8 IDec I120 Select NLQ or Select NLC! Select OF OE Select Turn Select Select characters Function IO Select Select intercharacter Select character International character Printable on/off on/off
Graphics ESC ESC Select graphics ESC Select high-speed graphics ESCZ 5A Select graphics ESC 2A Select graphics ESC 3F Reassign graphics ESC 5E Select DIP switch Switch on/off Slashed on/off perforation Interface/Paritv selection Interface type Parity On On selection Rate Switch Switch o On On On On Function Select graphics Character NLQ or NLQ International character inches Normal High feed Interface type/parity below below graphics Graphics Italics OFF ON ON Switch Switch off off On ON OFF Normal Slashed Not slashed ON inches OFF OFF off
front cover ground interface interface cover tear-off cover back interface plater
EPSON AMERICA, INC. CA U.S.A. EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7EZ. U.K. EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. Unit Rodborough Road, NSW EPSON HONG KONG LTD. EPSON ELECTRONICS TRADING LTD. (TAIWAN BRANCH) 25/F, Harbour Harbour Road, 10F. E. Road, R.O.C. EPSON ITALIA V, F. SESTO S, GIOVANNI SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) Phone: EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON DEUTSCHLAND F.R. Phone: EPSON FRANCE S. A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. OUB Phone: EPSON IBERICA, S.A. G-01
EPSON AMERICA, INC. California EPSON Printed