cover USB CX output memory
One Product rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. Copyright Corporation. rights PRINT of Corporation. The PRINT Matching of Corporation. Copyright Corporation. rights USB DIRECT-PRINT of Corporation. The USB DIRECT-PRINT of Corporation. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Apple and of Apple Computer, Inc. DPOF of CANON INC., Company, and SD Memory and Memory PRO of Corporation. Card of Co.,Ltd.
Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation,
Instructions Instructions of the instructions this section when and this this to and humidity. Also, this from sunlight, strong light, and heat to shocks, and enough around this this where easily and this this that this If this the than the back of this and the This properly or this its or otherwise, from the Instructions
choosing only the type of indicated the the back of this only the that with this of another fire or shock. This with this only. with other fire or shock. AC the or cord. If with this that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the outlet the If to this Germany, the building protected or to short-circuit protection and over-current protection this using memory the memory or off this while the and the memory (when the memory light flashing). The memory to type. to to the with memory memory with this to memory Instructions
the them. the four to its the from the this to the the of the when from its the of the reach of allow to or when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the IC the of the This the or tear the the otherwise, the Instructions
this this or the or cover the this to service this yourself. this and servicing to service the following The or this this or the cover this normally or performance. the this this this with the If with the the head this becomes to the LCD cloth to clean the or cleansers. If the this If the the LCD and them thoroughly with and the them immediately with or thorough flushing, immediately. Instructions
and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the of Instructions
the Functions LCD The LCD shows the of this and The of the LCD shows the of the the right the the the C and the right the this the selected the this turned off. The below shows the when this the Copy You the the LCD of the the type Reduce/Enlarge Text A4 C of
Function On this and off. Copy the Copy Card the Card Scan the Scan the Select/ to the previous option. this the Copy the and this seconds. Select/ to the this the Copy the recalled and holding this seconds. Clear/ Clears the the of to the to their when item appears the LCD and this seconds, of the to their items the LCD OK the selected. B&W or or or the selected. copying, or scanning. The and printed ejected. to the basic when item appears the LCD A, B, C, Used lights this shows the of the
Lights Light On Troubleshooting Card Print, Scan, A, B, C, On Indicates the the LCD You the of the LCD as follows. Press the On to this Press the to the Press the or the Select repeatedly 8.LCD appears the LCD and then the The LCD shown below. the of the LCD Press the C to the or the to the finished, the OK the On the this LCD C
Copying This section to using the information using the Reference function, (cross-hatch) appear To the the reduce/enlarge ratio or the of the of the Procedure The instructions below to the Copy Press the On to this Press the Copy to the Copy The LCD shows the as indicated below. Loading and the the Text A4 C Copying
You the Copying You the necessary, the buttons. lights this To each Copy Press the to or the B&W to the while or otherwise, this the copied. The exactly the as the If indicating appears the LCD while the or and then the or DB as type and then the B&W button, warning appears and copying If this the Stop and then the type Copying to the first the type, quality, of to the when the
Loading The affected the of the quality, the To to the Reference enough front of this to ejected. the the Copying
the to the that the the slightly than the to the and then it to the the the sheet with the and the top the to the of the Copying that the the the
the back. The the following of that the with or than the the Loading Capacity to Bright White to sheets to sheets Paper-HeavyWeight DURABrite to sheets Quality to to A4 DURABrite Copying
the Table the clean. You the cover. the facing the that the properly Copying the the otherwise the becomes of of to from the of the copied.
the cover that the to the Press the Copy to the Copy Press the to the Copy The LCD shown as below. Press the OK to To the properly, the cover to interference from the light. photographs the of They to the of the heavy top of this Copy 1.Copy Copying
Press the C or the repeatedly the appears the LCD Press the OK to the selected. Copying Copy C to Copy without Margins Copy with Copy as as fits to the selected. Copy to or to the selected. You of the together. Copy
without You that covers the of the to this the the following Copy the You without the the of to when selected. this the to slightly than the the of the that the of the copied. item type DB Quality Text* A4* of to Copy Reduce/Enlarge A4 A5 A5 A4 Optional to A4 A4 A4 A4 Copying
Copying with You with around of the the Margins to the to this the Margins the following Copy item type DB Quality Text* A4* of to Copy Reduce/Enlarge A4 A5 A5 A4 Optional to the You with the reduce/enlarge the of to when selected. Copying A4 A4 A4 A4
Copying You of of using to the to this You of from and the the following Copy the Repeat-Auto, to or to item type DB Quality Text* A4* of to Copy Copying
You the to this the the following Copy item type DB Quality Text* Copy the You A4 the the the of or as selected, this reads the white as and the printed. Copying
the together the the and then the together. Warning: when The shows the of with The shows the to Copying
Copying You or four of using or to this the or the following Copy item type DB Quality Text* Copy the You A4 the and Copying
Copy the Copy the as the A, B, C, and buttons. pressing the when the Copy the following as Text A4 C Copy to type Reduce/Enlarge C of item to Copy Copy Optional buttons Copying
and recalling You the the of the Select and it seconds. To the the Select and seconds. To and them to their the Clear and seconds. Selecting the type Select the type of the the as follows: Press the repeatedly the type of appears the LCD The type Paper/Bright White Paper-HeavyWeight/Photo Quality Paper/Glossy DB You when or DB selected. Copying
Selecting the Press the C repeatedly the appears the LCD The options Text, and Reducing or You reduce or selecting the of the and the copying the or this Press the repeatedly the option appears the LCD Selection Copy Copy the A4 A5 A5 A4 A4 A4 A4 A4 Copy the reduced or that fits the of the Copy the reduced or selecting the selection The shows the of the Copying
Selecting the Select the of the the as below. Press the repeatedly the appears the LCD The A4, and A5. the of the of to the buttons as below. You to To clear the of the Clear to the To the To the and then the To from to the (the of the to the or the and buttons Copying
or This allows to the copying Press the to the Copy Press the C or the Select repeatedly 2.Copy appears the LCD Press the OK The LCD shown below. the the LCD Press the C or the to the the or the Select to the finished, the OK Reducing or manually You reduce or the or this Press the to the Copy Copy o C Copying
Press the C or the repeatedly 3.Optional appears the LCD and then the OK The LCD shown below. the copying the buttons to the buttons or the Select repeatedly the appears the LCD and then the OK Canceling Copying To the Stop the The to the Copying C You the from to XX%
Press the to the memory finished Ejecting memory cards Memory Card this memory memory Loading Memory Cards and Loading Press the Card to the Card Press the or the Select repeatedly the LCD shows and then the or OK the of to the buttons, and then the or OK the Press the to the memory finished Ejecting memory cards Directly from Memory Card The of this If the of the the to the
with DPOF Functions DPOF Format) industry-standard This conforms to DPOF DPOF photo and the of To DPOF that DPOF. the DPOF of memory with DPOF information Loading Memory Cards and Loading Press the Card to the Card Press the or the Select repeatedly the LCD shows 6.DPOF and then the or OK the Press the to the memory finished Ejecting memory cards 6.DPOF C 6.DPOF appears only memory the DPOF Directly from Memory Card OK
Loading Memory Cards memory This features three memory The of memory each shown below. Card Memory Stick/MagicGate Memory Stick/Memory Memory PRO/SD Card/miniSD Card*/MultiMediaCard Card CompactFlash/Microdrive required. The to memory its type. to to the with memory Directly from Memory Card
You that the following DCF the which the and Information Industries Association (JEITA). Supports You with containing characters. memory the Press the On to this the memory cover. DCF JPEG or TIF DOS FAT with DCF to to of to Directly from Memory Card
the memory light the memory off, and then memory as as the the memory cover. to the memory the Memory the Directly from Memory Card You memory Incorrect of memory this memory or both. the memory cover closed while the memory loaded, which protects the memory and the from and otherwise the memory or this the memory this the charge the memory this to malfunction. If the memory incorrectly, the memory light
If the the memory the following appears. Press the or OK Ejecting memory the finished and the memory light flashing. the memory cover. the memory straight from the the memory or off the while the or while the memory light flashing. the memory XXX C If using this with which or XP this off or the USB with memory this this the memory the Reference Directly from Memory Card OK
You the when the LCD the shown below. Press the or C the to change, repeatedly the option appears the LCD The below shows the options and the to Selection Paper/Bright White type A4 C Prints without covering the whole Directly from Memory Card A4 C Paper-HeavyWeight/Photo Quality Paper/Glossy DB DURABrite Prints of XXX Prints with photos/sheet. The of each to the of to and the of
Canceling To the Stop the The to the Directly from Memory Card
Scanning using the LCD and This allows to to memory or and then them to To to or the Reference You options: Option to 1.To Card to memory To PC to To to Scanning to Memory Card You and then memory directly without using The the JPEG If the The properly Would to the appears the LCD the memory Formatting memory or the C to formatting, and then with memory Loading Memory Cards Press the Scan to the Scan Scanning the LCD and buttons
Press the or the Select repeatedly 1.To Card appears the LCD Then the or OK the and C buttons to the type, and Scan Press the repeatedly the selection appears the LCD the below). Then the the the Then the to scanning. the while or copying; otherwise, this 1.To Card C Selection type Text Graphic Scan C Scan Normal and Graphic type) and text type) The the created when to the memory Scanning the LCD and buttons OK
the memory finished Ejecting memory cards the memory or off the while or while the memory light flashing. the memory Formatting memory If the The properly Would to the appears the LCD the memory as follows: memory when the memory Press the Press the to formatting. formatting finished, this to the formatting the memory Scanning the LCD and
Scanning to This allows to to or with the attached this this EPSON Scan and EPSON this to with USB and then the the the Press the Scan to the Scan Press the or the Select repeatedly 2.To PC appears the LCD and then the or OK 2.To PC C The to and EPSON launched. the operating instructions of EPSON its the while or copying; otherwise, this Scanning the LCD and buttons OK
Scanning Directly to This allows to and then with the attached. this EPSON Scan and EPSON this to and then the the the Press the Scan to the Scan Press the or the Select repeatedly 3.To appears the LCD and then the or OK Canceling Scanning To scanning, the Stop Scanning using the LCD and 3.To C further the Reference the while or copying; otherwise, this OK
Cartridges This the amount of each IC built the If the or of the to using the LCD or Cartridges You the following with this the of warranty caused the of other products. Checking the You the the LCD or the Reference to the the Black Black T0461 Cartridges T0472 T0473 T0474
Checking the using the LCD this and then the Press the repeatedly appears the LCD and then the The amount of appears. If to the to the section. To to the without the the OK the otherwise, the head Precautions Cartridge of the instructions this section and the If to temporarily from this to the supply of the from and the the as this the that its the of the facing upward. Cartridges C:50% M:50% Y:50% C
The the supply to that released. recommended. the supply of the or its surrounding This with IC The IC the amount of each and then of its used. each the this its reliability. becomes empty, copying or the other copying or the to copying or the following operations: head cleaning, self-cleaning when this turned and charging when this the This the amount of IC built the the amount of the IC and therefore the amount of replaced, the become empty. appears to the Cartridges
Cartridge Follow the below to Precautions Cartridge and this the empty: to the LCD to which empty, and then the Cartridges the Press the to the and the repeatedly appears the LCD and then the Press the C The to the
that the cover closed, and then the from its four to the when the cover the head hand. Doing this the head Cartridges
the cover. the of the that to the of this and of properly. the or to Cartridges Warning: when the There around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the otherwise, the head The shows of the
the straight the and then the top of the clicks the cover. If to the other and If to the cover, to the correctly. Cartridges
the Cartridges The head to its and charging Charging... appears the LCD when charging from the LCD when charging completed. off this while appears the LCD Otherwise, this charging of the If with become right the this the with
and Transporting Checking the Head If that unexpectedly or the the head to the Follow the below to the head the the light and appears the LCD to to or to the the head. this the first. that A4 or the that this and the light off. Press the to the Press the or the repeatedly appears the LCD and then the This and
the The following when the head to cleaned. head to cleaned head to cleaned. The (CMYK). If the there with this It or head. To these the sections Cleaning the Head If that the unexpectedly or the to these cleaning the head, which that the properly. head cleaning both and To wasting the head the incorrect or cleaning the head, the first to really to cleaned. This and Transporting
the light and appears the LCD to to the or to the clean the head. this the first. Follow the below to the head the this and the light off. Press the to the Press the or the repeatedly 4.Head Cleaning appears the LCD and then the Cleaning of the head and Head cleaning... appears the LCD off this while Head cleaning... appears the LCD Doing this Head cleaning... from the LCD the to that the head and to the cleaning Checking the Head If the repeating this four or this off and overnight. Then, the and head cleaning necessary. If the or of or and to replaced. To Cartridge To the quality, least once month. and
the Head If properly the to this the head. Follow the below to the head the the Stop to while that A4 or the that this and the light off. Press the to the Press the or the Select repeatedly 6.Head appears the LCD and then the The printed. the the of that and then the the buttons. Finally, the The appears. with and the the through and Transporting 6.Head Press the C
of the Head appears the LCD If to the head operation, the to the otherwise, the Stop the the of with or light them, and then the of the the buttons. Press the to selection. If to the head operation, the to the and and If to the head operation, the the head completed. This Product If to this the (or that this fits and as follows: or this vertically or turning otherwise from the the Stop the the their when this the this and
from the and that this off. the and that the head the the right. the to this with and then the the from the outlet and the USB from connected. the and the the the protective to both of this and then this and and Transporting
this to from to the protective and from this using and Transporting
Troubleshooting You the light and If this and the light the following of to the and then the recommended The the that when using this to the Reference or computer-related There Index or correctly. Please of or right. Please selected the or the correctly. the then Troubleshooting The correctly. The and the type selected correctly the Index The type selected correctly the the correctly. the the the to the and the type correctly. the the the Index to the type correctly. the Index
The the memory then memory canceled. the memory to the The memory write-protected. canceled. There enough free the memory canceled. memory canceled. The memory canceled. the XXX printed, the memory or memory when to directly from memory or to to memory The memory this You the to the memory Not enough to the to the memory the memory The memory the operation. The other than the Copy the Index the memory Loading Memory Cards Format the memory or memory Release the write protection or another memory memory memory memory You the of the Copy Troubleshooting
The B&W to this Press the to The the when the recommend. XXX Press the to XXX Press the to XXX Cartridge necessary. Press the to the then the the Troubleshooting The B&W while directly from the memory The the to the the when The indicated the The indicated the empty. Press the and the the following the to the Cartridge the the securely. Press the when directly from the memory item other than or DB as the type. Press the and the following the to the Cartridge Press the and the following the to the Cartridge the sheet and then the
The Improperly selected as the Reduce/Enlarge the LCD and the of the white or light, the of the might correctly. This the to improperly To this, as the Reduce/Enlarge and then the Optional to the of the Press the hand. the once. and the then the and service necessary. and service necessary. Service Required. Press the If the cleared, the Clearing the the once. the Turn this off, and then back If the appears, the Turn this off, and then back If the appears, and the then the Troubleshooting
Clearing the If this appears the LCD You to clear the the Follow the instructions below. Press the to the If the ejected, to the where the clearing the the and then the On and the of the Memory Card Caught the Memory Card and the Memory Card the memory cover and then repeatedly and the memory cover. Troubleshooting If the the feeding or the of the hand. If the this the On to off this the and then of the hand, including torn
Contacting Customer Customer Services If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased Customer to them the following information: Product (The the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with information Contacting Customer the Reference included the software CD-ROM. Contacting Customer
users URL URL users URL Thailand URL users URL users URL users URL the Contacting Customer Telephone Telephone Telephone Telephone/ Telephone URL
Product Information Product Specifications 120V 220-240V the the back of this the information. to 132V Rated to copying ISO10561 Approx. power-off to 240V Rated to copying ISO10561 Approx. power-off Operation:10 to 35C to 95F) Product Information
Mechanical Sheet capacity About (W H, including and without Scanning type A4 or US (The reading specified from software.) Scanning Product Information yellow)
the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or specifications Bright White A4 A5 type distributed Thickness to to inch) Weight to A4 type distributed A4 type distributed Product Information
type distributed A4 type distributed Paper-HeavyWeight: A4 type distributed A4 type distributed Quality A4 type distributed Product Information
reduce the and or other If switch to higher or to 25C to 77F) to RH Printable to the section below the of and with the The the type of used, the top and of the or these smeared. B-L B-R A: top B-L: B-R: right C: Margins Copy Copy Copy C Product Information
Product Information
Inc. Airport CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND Phone: EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 20/F, Harbour Harbour Road, Phone: EPSON ITALIA MI, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. Phone: EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, Phone: EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 14F, Phone: EPSON IBERICA S.A. Phone: EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. Phone: November