NOTE: or this that people from the as shown to the from front or tractors. It protective HINWEIS: NICHT ATTENTION: tout protection. NOTA: o tractor NOTA: Non o Siate Non Non Printed
NOTE: To of protective with You these HINWEIS: ATTENTION: tout protection NOTA: Non NOTA: protector. Please the back of this recto Copyright Corporation, C01-00 NOTICE anche
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information contained Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the US) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and ESC/P of Corporation. service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation
This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces, or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of FCC United States WARNING
Started The DFX-5000+ advanced business applications. to with of the that the instructions this introduction Follow the Chapter and Print. the of chapter ready to the software of choice. If to and tractors, Chapter the of this as reference and troubleshooting to characters built-in tractors (front and rear) This switch of and easily. The top-of-form each tractor. thickness and and including and Started
The following options with information the and of these options, Chapter This option the of heavy and It Started memory that highquality and thickness information to the head. that operations from the switch the front and tractors with the of Another the tear off and then to the top of the it ready to interface selection that allows to than with the ESC/P commands FX IBM that with software written specifically IBM
Optional interface of optional interface to the built-in and interfaces. of the and as IBM or These directly to the and allow to function as IBM without the of other or choosing the right interface and instructions interface Chapter Where United States Can America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the SM Assistance locating Authorized or Service Technical with the installation, and operation of products of the ESC/P reference technical information service Product with technical and products of ribbons, and Customer Relations. Started
United the comply with their and of merchantable and their or with This the or the rights of the the including Sections to of the of Act, Products, other than OEM products, operation or performance of ONE YEAR from of purchase the of the this MUST of purchase, normally the of and the responsibility of the to furnish such proof. (UK) or of the the to the from whom purchased or, this to who the the of difficulty, users to the Service (UK) (UK) or Appointed Distributors, their or or of the to their satisfactory performance of the with its age and This covers the of both the and to malfunction of the specifically wear and tear, physical to incorrect or and or operation to unauthorized and inexpert Started
The restricted to the performance of the and (UK) responsibility or or performance, when the with other or software. Product as of or or the specifications or the subjected to modifications. The cover to the or the or of the of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products (UK) Limited. information The wires the to this coloured with the following Warning: This earthed. to rating plate and that the to the supply and yellow Earth Started
the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as follows: If to the the or with of the and Instructions Started The and yellow connected to the the which with the or the earth or coloured or and yellow. The to the the with the or coloured The connected to the the with the or coloured red. of these instructions Follow and instructions the the from the outlet clean and cloth cleaning, or cleaners. or the or other that allow the to
or the These the to and protection from overheating. the or other the Also, the built-in the near or or heat the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with third (grounding) which fits grounding-type This If to the the the of the grounding-type where the If cord, that the of the the products the the cords Also, that the of products the of because they or that of fire or shock. as specifically the to the yourself. This to or other servicing those to service Started
and Notes Notes information and the of Started the from the outlet and repaired service the following the or or If If to or If normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions of other and often technician to the to operation. If or the If performance, indicating service to injury. to to
Chapter and the Checking the the protective Choosing the the Ribbon Cartridge the Testing the Loading the front the Connecting the to Connecting the built-in interface Software Microsoft What Software Ready to and
and Unpacking the Checking the the protective Choosing the the Ribbon Cartridge the Testing the Loading the front tractor the Connecting the to Connecting the built-in interface Software Microsoft What Software Ready to and
the the should or yourself. people should from the and
Checking the to that the shown below and that nothing optional the the to the the protective The protected of that the Please the Notice instructions the protective Then them with the other cross-head screwdriver and
Choosing the location the following and to protective the try to the from the front or tractors. It protective the the enough to the its to reach. of around the front and of as as grounded locations that to sunlight, heat, or that switches or timers. of information both memory and memory. the with or other that might the supply. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones.
The below shows location. If to follow these that least that the It should to enough clearance below the and the smoothly. they with feeding; them to of the and
the Ribbon Cartridge the that the protective and that the turned off. the from its and wrapper and then follow these the top cover its front and from and Warning: the head while the this the Also, the the head cool touching
the head to the of the as shown below. and throw the from the of the Next, the from the and the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the and
the with both and the as shown below. the the the the Then the the other the mounting the Press lightly both of the to locked and
the the each of the head as shown below. The of the should top, with its facing back the Turn the ribbon-tightening to the ribbon. the head from to to that smoothly and that the or creased. and
the top cover. the the turned off. (The the switch located the right of the should the the to the the matches that of If match, without the cord. and
the the AC the the properly grounded Testing the that assembled, built-in function to the correctly to the to turn off the least seconds turning it back otherwise the and
Loading the front tractor the front cover the of its as shown below. Release the both the right and each and to or the from the tractor.
the the to the the the right to match the of and
the that they spaced the both covers. and
clean, straight and then the first the the of the as shown below. The of the that to should facing the covers. the right that the straight and the the and
slightly the front and closed. and the right it slightly; this to the too tightly when the right the front cover; slightly closing. turning the protective Turning the while the head seriously the
Turn the The head to the of the and the POWER and PAPER OUT lights Also, the front or arrow the PAPER SELECT lights Press the LF/FF/LOAD to (If the the front tractor selected. Press the FRONT/REAR to the front tractor. This the automatically.) the loads, off the and
the The or (NLQ) While holding the LF/FF or TEAR OFF NLQ the release the The the or the PA USE If the satisfactory and to the the PAUSE (To the the PAUSE To the the PA USE to and then the LF/FF to the and The of characters. of typical high-speed NLQ selected using DIP switch the NLQ the LF/FF button.
the cover and tear off the the perforation. Turn off the If the top cover while the the four and To the top and the PAUSE You or high-speed DIP switch Chapter If the the the feed properly. and
Connecting the to If the correctly, ready to the to interface interface and RS-232C- interface. If which interface selection that allows to than interface to the the section using interface selection Chapter If shielded should to the immediately. If of the that type of interface, should to of the optional interfaces and
Connecting the built-in interface this the built-in or interface. Turn off both and the rear cover the each the securely the or interface. and
the interface, the together they of the If ground to the ground and the interface, the screw the
the to the right of the interface its top the the and the as shown below. the cover. If the screws that with the the the interface, the with the optional with the and
the other of the the (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the using the interface, to the DIP switch You to other interface and parity, and properly. the section DIP switches Chapter information. Software To of features, the instructions software below. Microsoft TM If already follow the below to with Then correctly such as Word and If already the as the and follow through below when reach the section choosing the the the and the rear the
Click the You the To characters inch the DFX-5000+ If of include Microsoft Product to the DFX-5000+ Choose the the right of the the of DFX-5000+. If DFX-5000+ DFX-8000 or DFX-5000. If neither of these FX-870/1170 or another FX Choose the to If necessary, the required. Choose the Choose the OK Highlight DFX-5000+ (or the and the and
What The software to and that (or These software the spacing, and other features of the Therefore, that choose the right and correctly from within software. If there with the appearance of software the the Software software specify the type of that the of the features. If or that from of choose the DFX-5000+ If the include the DFX-5000+, choose of the following of preference: DFX-8000 DFX-5000 FX-870/1170 FX To characters inch DFX-5000+ If software this the software to and
Ready to You ready to If information about such as types, the topic other chapters this the continuously of recommended. It the to wear than expected. and
Chapter Loading and the Two-Tractor Positioning the supply Loading the Rear Tractor the the top-of-form the Tearing the Printed Tear-off the TEAR OFF the tear-off Switching and Rear Tractors the and Loading and
the Two-Tractor consists of front and tractor. Both tractors easy to and and both of types, including and The to the thickness of to thickness You from inches to inches automatically. If to than of to the often the tractor. That the front tractor, which to reach, the frequently. the front If the the the properly. Positioning the supply Since from both the front and the rear, to enough around the the of fresh as as of It to both of fresh with the that the smoothly the Loading and using that matches the A. that straight
The following shows three to and with the front loaded, with the tractor loaded, and with both tractors loaded. that of with the tractors supply. Loading the Rear Tractor The following to the tractor. You to the from the front first the this when the rear tractor. If as Chapter the front tractor. If Loading the front tractor" Chapter Turn off the Loading and
the top cover its front and from as shown below. the the back of the top cover. Loading and
Release the the tractors right and each back. the the to the the to or the from the tractor. Loading and
the right to match the of the they the Loading and
both covers. clean, straight With the of the to facing through the the rear. You to the to the of the That feed the the with and through with the other. Loading and
the first the the of the as shown below. NOW the covers. the right to that the straight and the the Loading and
the top cover and the The to the Turn the The head to the of the and the POWER and PAPER OUT lights Also, the front or tractor arrow the PAPER SELECT lights which selected when the off the right slightly; this to the too tightly when the right Loading and
the PAPER SELECT to which tractor The to the top-of-form If the too high or the the section instructions the the You the top-of-form as as the the the TOP OF FORM and MICRO FEED buttons. The then the top-of-form the optional tractor, the the as below. Loading and selected: If the tractor arrow the LF/FF/LOAD to the If the front arrow the FRONT/REAR to switch to the tractor. the switches tractors, the automatically.
The (based the fop-of-form software. To the softwares the following software allow the fop-of-form The top-of-form the the the to when the or feed. This where the each If the too high or the the top-of-form permanently or temporarily the TOP OF FORM You the top-of-form from inches) below the top of the The factory inches). The following to (permanently the top-of-form to permanently the top-of-form the top-of-form the TOP OF FORM The the top-of-form the turned off, or initialized. (The top-of-form the front and tractors.) to temporarily the top-of-form the the MICRO FEED without top-of-form The the temporary top-of-form the switch tractors, or off the the this chapter. Loading and
Loading and To the fop-of-form when the the (top) MICRO FEED only; the top-of-form the this chapter.) through the the turned and the selected (the arrow should Press the TOP OF FORM to top-of-form The once, and the TOP OF FORM light flashes. Also, the the that the top-of-form with the the clear protector. the top cover. the MICRO FEED buttons to the to the top-of-form The to pedge of the shows where the of first of text This based the first of If software top of text actually below the top-of-form
Press the TOP OF FORM to top-of-form and top-of-form Then the top cover. If fop-of-form right the and fop-of-form the the optional tractor, the the If to the the of or to the top-of-form when follow the below. the temporarily the top-of-form the amount. the the of the that half-inch lower, the half-inch as The this temporary top-of-form the switch tractors, or off the reach the that to the the PAUSE button to MICRO FEED buttons to the where of to Press the once to feed the or 1/216-inch or to the continuously. The the as reference when the fop-of-form At other fop-of-form the ribbon. Loading and
finished, the PAUSE to Tearing the Printed the tear-off to the to the tear-off of the You then easily tear off sheets. the back to the This that would normally You the tear-off turning DIP switch to tear-off or the TEAR OFF the If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off using the micro-feed The this tear-off Tear-off tear-off with DIP switch the to the tear-off when Loading and If only the forward-feeding (top) MICRO FEED the fear-off to when the optional tractor installed, or when the memory Chapter
The to the tear-off when the of or feed and received three seconds. the turned off. Turn DIP switch Turn the tear-off and the tractor, the the to the tear-off Then tear off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off as the section the tear-off the the back to the and Loading and
the TEAR OFF Whether or the tear-off the TEAR OFF to to the tear-off following the below. finished. Then the TEAR OFF The the to the tear-off and the TEAR OFF light Tear off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off as the section. the the back to the and (You manually the back to the pressing the TEAR OFF the tear-off If the perforation with the tear-off follow the below: Turn the and the tractor. Loading and
the cover (the the top of the top cover). This the tear-off Press the TEAR OFF to the tear-off The TEAR OFF light and the the perforation to the tear-off Loading and
If the with the tear-off then the MICRO FEED buttons to the or (You MICRO FEED to feed the Tear off the the tear-off the top cover. Loading and You the tear-off only when tear-off the TEAR OFF once and the TEAR OFF light The the tear-off the turned off, or initialized.
Press the TEAR OFF to the back to the top-of-form You ready to Switching and Rear Tractors You easily switch the front tractor and the tractor. The following the switching from the front tractor to the rear tractor, follow the to switch from the rear to the front tractor. (To switch tractors when the optional Chapter the turned and that the front tractor selected (the front tractor arrow the PAPER SELECT should If the of the to switch tractors. Then follow these tear off the the back to the top-of-form than switch tractors when already the Instead, completely the first tearing off the fresh supply below the tractor and pressing LF/FF to the Loading and
If the rear tractor, to the (the first of the as through If printed or the the tear-off the previous section to tear off the or Loading and tear off the and witching tractors. than through the
Press the FRONT/REAR to switch to the tractor. The front-loaded back to the and the to the top-of-form the The following the the front tractor, follow the when the the tractor. the turned and the front selected. (If the the rear tractor, the rear should selected instead.) the following already the Instead, completely the first tearing off the fresh supply below the and LF/FF to the Then the as earlier this chapter. Loading and
If the the tear-off earlier to tear off the or Press the FRONT/REAR to switch to the rear tractor. The front-loaded back to the Loading and tear off the than through the
the front cover. (To the the top cover and the the covers and the from the tractor. Loading and
the as through (or through and You of including and of thicknesses, from thin to The to the and thickness of and the positioning of text the information the sections top-of-form and this chapter. You should both and software or If or to the optional tractor. Chapter Loading and
You with to four including the the tractor. On the front tractor, with to You the other type of however, the straight and or tear the sections earlier this chapter. the memory the DFX-5000+ that thickness, such as with them or that slightly where they together. These thicker the and the where they or together, as shown below. with C o absolutely that within the of the to to the head. information the A. Loading and
these that the fits within the and that the top-of-form properly. The shown A. using choose the type mounted with with tractor. should the front tractor only. You the that as Chapter Loading the front tractor. Although through the the follow these Loading and to the memory that thickness. instructions. the TEAR OFF, FRONT/REAR, or MICRO FEED when the through the because they easily off the and the of using the TEAR OFF to the LF/FF the the where tear off easily. the FRONT/REAR to switch tractors or the of first. tearing off the fresh supply perforation below the and then the LF/FF to the
the top-of-form or the forward-feeding (top) MICRO FEED to and humidity, them operating Loading and
Chapter the The lights Other features DIP Switches DIP-switch DIP-switch DIP-switch Character Character Shape of feed Interface type/ Interface Selection the Memory memory Loading memory memory, with tear off the
The The to features. The consists of lights and buttons. lights On when the switch and POWER to the On when the of This PAPER OUT light whenever the head, the tractors the PAUSE On when TEAR OFF On when the tear-off The to the tear-off when this light TOP OF FORM Flashes when the top-of-form The to the top-of-form when this light flashes. the Flashes when the
PITCH PAPER SELECT FRONT PAPER SELECT REAR whether the or PAUSE Press this to or when the input On when the to characters inch. On when the to characters inch. On when the to characters inch. On when the front selected. The light when the the and when the tractor of On when the tractor selected. The light when the the and when the of the
LF/FF/LOAD TEAR OFF the the TEAR OFF with the LF/FF instead to the to where they torn off LF To this once. FF the to the top of the To this and the about second. LOAD the of the selected when currently loaded. This to the the section the Chapter the to the tear-off and the tear-off If the perforation of exactly with the tear-off the MICRO FEED buttons to the tear-off the section the tear-off Chapter This to the NLQ the section the
These buttons or the MICRO FEED 1/216-inch You these buttons to the top-of-form, tear-off, and using only the top MICRO FEED feed through the To the top-of-form the TOP OF FORM to top-of-form Then the MICRO FEED buttons to the to the the section the top-of-form Chapter To the tear-off the TEAR OFF to tear-off and the to the tear-off Then the MICRO FEED buttons to the to the the section the tear-off To the MICRO FEED to or the to the the section the Chapter These buttons the memory this chapter. the
and the top-of-form TOP OF FORM the top-of-form The top-of-form where each PITCH PAPER SELECT FRONT/REAR the the FRONT/REAR when the tear off or feed than through the If too high or the the top-of-form top-of-form and to the The this top-of-form turned off, or initialized. Also, the top-of-form the front and tractors. the section the top-of-form the characters inch the the light appears to software this the front or tractor. If tractor, first the this to switch the tractor. switch tractors, the already the to the and the the selected loaded.
Other holding the PAUSE while the the the DIP-switch DIP Switches This three of DIP switches. DIP switches of such as and DIP-switch shown the DIP-switch of the DIP-switch the factory to the of users, to the DIP-switch holding the LF/FF or TEAR OFF while the the The the characters the ROM Memory). the section the Chapter holding both the LF/FF and TEAR OFF while turn the the This the that to the that advanced users the of the and the section the Chapter information. the
You the DIP-switch holding the PAUSE while the witch Turn off the the front cover the of its The DIP switches located the front the front If loaded the front tractor, or of the reach the DIP switches. the
the DIP-switch cover. such as the of to the switch or off. DIP switch when and off when that the turned off the DIP-switch the
the DIP-switch cover and the Next, the front cover. Turn the to the DIP-switch the or the DIP-switch The following the each DIP switch. information about each the following the DIP-switch DIP switch Switch IBM II the Character Character ESC/P IBM* E.) ON OFF ESC/P IBM* Normal High NLQ
DIP switch Switch ON OFF Slashed Shape of Not slashed o o Interface type/parity C DIP switch Switch OFF memory Memory Memory with o o tear off o These switches memory lenght o the
ESC/P only) the only. PC437 selected other switch combinations. the
Table Interface type/parity Interface/parity interface selection ON OFF ON ON ON OFF ON ON ON The this from another interface. Table C Table inches inches inches inches OFF OFF OFF OFF OFF SW SW SW OFF ON OFF OFF ON ON ON OFF OFF SW SW OFF OFF OFF ON ON OFF ON ON SW SW OFF OFF OFF ON ON OFF ON ON the
(IBM only) Function ON OFF Switch PC437 Character PC865 DIP-switch The features with the DIP switches below. DIP switch the operates IBM II this DIP switch off, the operates ESC/P Table shows the of DIP switches and IBM Table shows the of those DIP switches ESC/P DIP switch off, high-speed selected. this switch selected. This switch affects the only DIP switch to (turned off) or selected software. high-speed to characters (characters inch). to characters Normal characters that than characters high-speed the Not Commands 80-9FH Characters Not
High-speed only Also, and double-width the that high-speed If such as or high-speed the temporarily to the turned off. This allows to with high-speed Character DIP switch the (NLQ) this DIP switch off, Character DIP switch off and DIP switches through and off combinations, the character the ESC/P DIP switch and DIP switches or or off, character IBM character of DIP switch the slashed the DIP switch off, the This clearly distinguishing and when such as This NLQ o the
input The input memory to free the when amounts of text or graphics. The input when DIP switch off. To the DIP switch DIP switch the (LF) to every (CR) the software. the switch off, when the software commands to the and to should this text If text to the AUTO FEED XT Interface type/parity You to DIP switches and that and properly. These three DIP switches the interface type and parity. (You to the following section the
Table (shown earlier) the DIP-switch interface selection, interfaces, and interfaces with or parity. the interface selection selected, the which interface and then switches to that interface the of the (A when from the selected interface the amount of specified the interface If know what type of interface to and the selecting the interface and parity, to the known as The the which the from the C (shown the DIP-switch the four or the and should to the To other than those Table (shown the commands B. to the to match the to the
DIP switch the one-inch the and the first the top-of-form the the of and the top of the the section the top-of-form Since their top and should this only them. memory, with DIP switches through that thickness. the section the memory this chapter. DIP switch the head the the right and of feeding, fear off DIP switch the the to the tear-off To the tear-off the MICRO FEED buttons to the perforation with the tear-off the section the tear-off Chapter the
Interface Selection interface selection to than interface The from the interfaces first-come, Once the the from interface, becomes or seconds, the DIP-switch Then the and from the first interface that built-in interface optional interface (C82305*/C82306*); the optional the built-in interface. If the DIP switch the optional to the built-in interface. the Memory that or with them, the memory This achieves the the head and the based the type of memory. with the
The memory with the front tractor. memory This DIP switches. the section DIP-switch earlier this chapter. the the TEAR OFF, FRONT/REAR, TOP OF FORM or MICRO FEED or To these tear off the fresh supply perforation below front and the LF/FF to the remainingforms. the turned off. Turn DIP switch off to memory or memory Select the turning DIP switches and or off as shown below. SW SW inches OFF OFF inches OFF ON inches ON OFF inches ON ON the type turning DIP switches and or off as shown below.
without both MICRO FEED buttons and the The the information the memory selected. the information the and then ready to You finished information without the cover. the (the where the intersect) to the the MICRO FEED to the or and manually the head or right. type SW SW OFF OFF Normal OFF ON with ON OFF with ON ON and with both MICRO FEED buttons and the The Press the LF/FF/LOAD to the The and the the finished, the continuously the top cover the the
Press the TOP OF FROM button. the to the right the MICRO FEED to the or and manually the head or right. Press the TOP OF FORM the cover. If the or the If the the this off the and through Loading memory the turned off. To the memory the top MICRO FEED while the To the memory the MICRO FEED while the the
If to memory or the FRONT/REAR while turn the one-inch perforation included the
Chapter the the Tractor the the with the front tractor the with the tractor Removing the Optional Interface Cards interface the
the Tractor The optional The with and the the tear-off the tractor with the front or built-in tractor, as this section. the tractor To the tractor, cross-head screwdriver. If to using the with the built-in tractor, should the tractor the tractor. the section the tractor Chapter Turn off the and the cover. the
the cross-head screwdriver to the screws the to the Then the off the the screws from the the that with the the
the and the top cover. the tractor with its to the the tractors front notches the mounting of the the
the the its right Then the back its the rear mounting Gently the apply and then top cover. the with the front If using or with than four (including the should the with the built-in front tractor. You switch the front and tractors when the tractor. the FRONT/REAR and then the LF/FF to feed the the to the tractor. the section Chapter the
The tear-off when the To tear off the LF/FF to the to where tom off. the Turn the and the top cover. the front to the top-of-form If already the the the FRONT/REAR or LF/FF which tractor selected) to the to the top-of-form If the front as Once the front tractor, the LF/FF to the to the tractor. Release both the tractor them Then both covers.
the to match the of the they spaced the the
the of the the If there the or the the properly with the the slightly and the to the of the as shown below. the to the right first, and then turn as necessary. the covers. the the of the built-in front and the optional tractor
the that the straight and smooth, and then them the top-of-form as Chapter necessary. the top cover. Press the LF/FF to feed the the with the If using or with than four (including the the tractor; the front as the section. the too If they too tightly or tear the of the To release the right and the back of the the of the first below the the
You switch the front and rear tractors when the tractor. the FRONT/REAR and then the LF/FF to feed the the to the tractor. the section Chapter The tear-off when the tractor To tear off the LF/FF to the to where off. The following to the optional tractor (already with the built-in tractor. If the tractor, the and then the as this chapter. the top cover. the the to release the tractor. the If the tractor, the fop-of-form or to
the tractor that its the of the the as through the the its right Then the back the the mounting the
Turn the and the LF/FF to the to the tractor. follow through the cross-head screwdriver and the that originally the the and off the the top cover and the that the tractor the these to release the tractor. Then the tractor and of the the
the top cover and the cover. cross-head screwdriver, the that with the tractor. the and the cover. the
Optional Interface Cards You optional interface to built-in and interfaces. If whether optional interface or to know about interfaces, interface selection that allows to to than interface the section using interface selection Chapter and interfaces the to with IBM or or This allows to function as IBM without the of other or The following interfaces with Not of these interfaces C82305*/C82306* interface C82307*/C82308* 32KB interface 32KB interface C82310* interface C82312* C82313* 32KB IEEE-488 interface C82314* Coax interface C82315* interface C82324* Ethernet interface The country. the
interface If optional interface DIP switches interface, interface Turn off both and Then and interface from the Turn that the cover the rear cover. to switches and the as necessary. the interface that JG to or the properly. (To the to cover both wires of the with the the
screwdriver to the screws the interface shield the shield the interface the the interface to to the internal the
the interface with the screws with the the the interface as shown. the other of the the interface cover. the and the
Troubleshooting and and The The The incorrectly The or The what feed properly the Cleaning the the Transporting the Troubleshooting and
The of or If hear as shown below, the quickly. Other Tear off printed when switching the tractors. Top cover the top cover and the PAUSE memory the memory Stop the MICRO FEED reached Other Troubleshooting and (The PAPER OUT light flashes.) Short and then the PAUSE button. Turn off the and about then the If the
and The the turned and the POWER light If the turned the POWER light to that the and that the If the switch or If the lights then off and off, that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to the connected securely to the both of the the and the that the PAUSE light If temporarily suspended. Press the PAUSE to the of The arrow the PAPER SELECT should the tractor arrow the PAPER SELECT If the tractor selected, loaded the the tractor to and then the FRONT/REAR to switch to that tractor. the sections Chapter that protective If off the the protective and turn the back the Notice that the instructions protective Troubleshooting and
If the the from the and try the Chapter If the properly, the and the the the software, or the If the The The of the supply. The the and Then the PAUSE button. the sections The This caused too or ribbon. to the or the section the this chapter. The top If the top the four and To the top cover and the PAUSE If the and the sounds, the off and or other Turn back and to If the and to service The spaced incorrectly If the text the the of each of Turn DIP switch If the of commands Turn DIP switch Troubleshooting and
If the when DIP switch off, to the AUTO FEED XT from The or The properly the section the Chapter The the section the this chapter. The head This of characters to the head replaced. to the head other of the should the The what The character selected. the section selecting character with DIP switches Chapter You the character software commands. B.) The securely connected to the both of the the and the softwares or other selected properly. software correctly and that specify continuous-feed as the type of Troubleshooting and
If the too high or the following the instructions the sections the top-of-form and the the DIP-switch software information selecting the or information commands, B. that the DIP switches correctly with the built-in or interface. the section DIP-switch interface type, parity, and Chapter If using optional interface that DIP switches the of whether the optional or the section DIP-switch interface type properly The mounted the correctly. the of the correctly the the to match the of and that they with their covers closed. the the tractors to ripped, or If something with the tear off the below the and the LF/FF to the Then fresh the first clean, straight Troubleshooting and
The supply too from the or with the front or tractor. Also, the of the or something top of the supply. If the tractor, that with the supply. Chapter instructions the of the supply. If using the section Chapter The to easy users to the of the and the printed. To both the LF/FF and TEAR OFF buttons while the Next, software written and to the the as shown the below: 1B 1B 1B 1B 1B .@.R..t..6..P 6E This 6D 6C 6F of 6D 6E 6F 2E 6D 6B 6F easy Troubleshooting and
To off the PAUSE and then off the the shown the characters the right with the of the the to the If characters they appear the right as ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as of to the first the first of the (1B 1B 1B the ESC U, and the the first of the right and another U, and If B, that these the commands to the and the Cleaning the To operating its should clean thoroughly If the optional tractor, cleaning the Turn off the and of its covers. and Troubleshooting and
If the outer or with clean cloth with of the covers closed to from the the becomes too to the ribbon. the only. Press the PAUSE Then off the the top cover and the head to the of the or thinners to the These chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the think Warning: If the recently, the head cool attempting to the ribbon. Troubleshooting and
the off the head as shown below. the of the as shown below to release from the mounting the and from Troubleshooting and
Follow through the Ribbon Cartridge, Chapter Transporting the If to the and as follows. Turn off the and the If options them. the from the and the back of the the interface from the the the protective the the beneath the Warning: when to the yourself. The should people holding the the Troubleshooting and
Technical Specifications Specifications A-2 A-2 Mechanical A-10 A-10 A-10 A-11 Interface Specifications interface A-11 interface A-13 A-14 Optional interfaces A-14 A-15 Top-of-form A-3 A-9 Technical Specifications A-1
Specifications Bidirectional text Unidirectional graphics switched to bidirectional the software command). spacing: l/6-inch, 1/8-inch, or of Continuously inches second) reduces to inches when the optional mounted. Printable 20KB or 0KB (DIP-switch A-2 Specifications Pitch Quality Characters/second/line High-speed Normal Near Near Pitch characters pitch pitch pitch
Character Character Other countries Character pitches Font high-speed (NLQ) Sons (NLQ) *The pitch software commands. One and graphics character One and graphics character international character Technical Specifications A-3
of sheets Rear sheets The of sheets. thickness Rear Printable A-4 Technical Specifications each inches) inches) to to to to and within the thickness inches H) inches inches H) inches inches H) to to inches) inches)
thickness inches) The thickness than inches). Quality Copy thickness to to inches) inches) inches) inches) including the to to within the thickness to to Technical Specifications A-5
with Printable Quality thickness A-6 Technical Specifications to to inches) inches) to to to to and within the thickness
The or notched The cleanly The perforation should the to the of the as shown below. The of perforated. At the perforation the and perforation should as shown The ratio of the the perforation should than the perforation (when the should than inches). Technical Specifications A-7
A-8 Specifications top It to The sheets should securely together the and right or stitching. the with with should from the and completely through sheets. Also, should double-sided; the to with the of spaced the the and right of the The should and creases. should together the top of the and the of the The of the should properly. The should the top
Mechanical tractor (front and rear) with optional Ribbon: Cartridge ribbon, only characters dots/character). MTBF: hours duty) the continuously of recommended. It the to wear than expected. head life: characters character and Height: inches) Width: inches) should securely attached to the The should covered with the both the and the (The should exposed.) The corners of the should rounded. The should Depth: inches) Technical Specifications A-9
Rated Rated Rated Rated Rated Rated Humidity: US R.F.I.: US A-10 Technical Specifications AC AC to 50to60Hz to AC to AC to to to Operation: 5C to 35C (41F to 95F) -30C to 65C (22F to 150F) Operation: to RH without to RH without UL1950 with D3, CSA22.2 with D3 EN (TUV, SEMKO, DEMKO, NEMKO, SETI) FCC (VDE CISPR
Specifications This with both and interface. interface Connector assignments and of their respective interface shown the the following Direction STROBE IN STROBE to than the DATA IN These DATA IN Information to of DATA IN respectively. DATA IN Each HIGH DATA IN when and DATA IN LOW when DATA IN DATA IN ACKNLG OUT About LOW that and that the ready to HIGH the BUSY OUT The HIGH the following each SLCT PE OUT OUT Technical Specifications A-11 character) the PAUSE HIGH that the of HIGH
Direction IN this LOW, the AUTO Not NC ground chassis ground, FG which isolated from the ground +5V to +5V through Twisted-pair GND ground this becomes INIT IN LOW, the to its when the first turned and the cleared. This normally HIGH; its than the ERROR This becomes LOW OUT when the or ground GND C Not OUT +5V to +5V through SLCTIN IN The DC1/DC3 this HIGH when the turned A-12 Technical Specifications FEED XT the PAUSE
interface The DFX-5000+ built-in interface RS-232C asynchronous interface with the following characteristics. length: or or to V) to V) DTR or Xon/Xoff. 12OO, Connector EIA interface based TTL Both the and of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this only the of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW.) The heading Direction to the of the as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the Technical Specifications A-13
Connector assignments and of their respective interface shown the below. The heading Direction to the of flow from the Optional interfaces The interface that with this A-14 Technical Specifications Direction FG Chassis around TXD OUT XON/XOFF IN RXD NC Not connected SG ground NC DTR OUT NC NC Not connected Indicates whether or the ready to input If input DTR MARK. Not connected connected
There three that the to of as the below. These three of slightly effects. three the to the selected the DIP switches the front cover. ESC the clear the input or clear the character Top-of-form The top-of-form (TOF) by: ESC/P software (ESC (ESC C) IBM top-of-form command (ESC4). Technical Specifications A-15
Commands and Character Commands B- the Command Summary .B-2 B-3 ESC/P Topic IBM Commands Topic B-9 B-10 Commands that ESC/P commands Commands that from ESC/P commands B-11 Character B-14 Commands and Character B-1
Commands actions software. Software commands the to typeface, the amount each the and software these commands yourself. The commands this command summary commands the software software the while others type ASCII characters. commands software to the command. If software allows to commands to the the software should exactly what and the Command Summary The following section and the commands topic. If listed. If they explained. The indicated lowercase usually The below the indicated. ESC with ESC command that to the and to it off. ESC with ESC command with of Commands and Character B-2
ESC/P Commands Topic operation: ASCII Hex. ESC DC1 DC3 ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC BEL ASCII Hex. CR OD CAN DEL 7F Character motion: ASCII Hex. FF 0C ESC of ESC C of 4E Ship-Over-Perforation of 4F ESC Select Unidirectional 3C Turn Unidirectional On/ 3D MSB to 3E MSB to MSB B-3 Commands and Character
ASCII LF ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC VT ESC ESC motion: ASCII ESC ESC BS ESC ESC B-4 Commands and Character 0A 4A OB Select Spacing Select 7/72-inch Spacing Select Spacing n/216-inch Spacing n/72-inch Spacing n/216-inch Vertically to should as ESC B, that selects the which O-7. Select 2F 6C Margin Right Margin Right Backspace inches as inches from Relative inches inches. If to the from 5C
ASCII ESC ASCII Hex. ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC SI ESC SI DC2 SO ESC SO DC4 ESC Hex. 4D OF OF 0E 0E to should Select NLQ or NLQ 6B Select NLQ Font To the of together the of the to from the below: Double-width Emphasized Select Select Select Turn On/Off Select Select Select Double-Width Select Double-Width Double-Width Turn Double-Width On/Off Commands and Character B-5
ASCII Hex. ESC Select Emphasized Font ESC Emphasized Font ESC Select ESC ESC S0 ESC S1 Select ESC ESC Select ESC ESC 2D Turn On/Off Word processing: ASCII ESC Intercharacter ESC SP 1/120-inch (O-127) or right of each character Character ASCII ESC B-6 Commands and Character Hex. NLQ Justification Right Hex. Select Character Selects character assigned ESC(t
ASCII ESC(t ESC Select International Character USA Norway UK II II America ESC ESC Hex. Assign Character Table ESC Assign character with and to or Character Table PC (USA) PC PC PC PC PC PC (Canadian-French) PC (Nordic) PC (East PC857 PC PC PC (Icelandic) BRASCII MAZOWIA (Poland)* MJK (CSFR)* ISO-8859-7 IS0 1T Commands and Character
characters: Hex. ASCII ESC ESC: 3A ESC ESC Graphics: ASCII Hex. ESC 4B Graphics 4C Graphics ESC ESC Select High-Speed Graphics B-8 Commands and Character Characters ESC first character character top or of head each of the of each character NLQ each of the of each character Copy ROM to RAM Select Normal to and to Non-printable Printable characters
ASCII ESC ESC* 2A Select Graphics ESC? 3F Reassign Graphics the character (K, L, or Z) to reassigned to (O-6) 5E Select Graphics ESC IBM Commands Topic This section and the commands IBM II that the IBM and ESC/P and the ESC/P section. Commands that IBM Hex. 5A Select Graphics Option ESC ESC ESC High-speed ESC CTR o CRT II this Commands and Character B-9
Commands that ESC/P commands This section commands that the IBM and ESC/P the section ESC/P commands of the commands below. operation: BEL, DC1, DC3, ESC CR, CAN motion: LF, VT, FF, ESC ESC ESC ESC C, ESC C ESC N, ESC motion: BS, HT and character SO, SI, DC4, ESC SO, ESC SI, ESC ESC, ESC E, ESC F, ESC G, ESC H, ESC SO, ESC S1, ESC Graphics: ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC IBM graphics the as ESC/P graphics that ESC ESC and ESC B-10 Commands and Character
Commands that from ESC/P commands operation: ASCII Hex. ESC motion: Hex. ASCII ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 4A ESC motion: ASCII ESC ESC ESC Hex. ESC to to terminated Select Spacing Top-of-Form Turn On/Off turned off. n/72-inch Spacing from to n/216-inch from to ESC to to Terminated and Right Margins ESC right B-11 Commands and Character
ASCII ESC and character IBM four incompatible with each other. These condensed, and If of these, the others. ASCII Hex. Select DC2 ESC: 3A Select ESC Turn On/Off turned turned off. B-12 Commands and Character Hex. Select Font NLQ NLQ NLQ characters) NLQ characters) NLQ
ASCII ESC ASCII Character ASCII Hex. ESC Select International Character ESC Select Character ESC 5C Characters from ESC ESC 5E One Character from Hex. 5B Double-Height/Double-Width ESC affects character height and as shown below: Character height Double-height Unchanged Double-height Double-height Hex. 5F Turn Overscoring On/Off turned turned off. the character Double-width Commands and Character B-13 Unchanged
characters: ASCII ESC Character These character selected with the DIP switches or using software command. the character the as the PC437 through 7F, the PC437 and shown completely. The of the the characters through FF. The with the the only. B-14 and Character Hex. Characters 3D ESC If C the of characters to (C MOD(B/256) INT(B/256) the of the first character to the top used; the The through the that the characters, with each character.
PC437 (USA, PC850 PC860 Commands and Character B-15
(Canadian-French) PC868 PC861 (Icelandic) BRASCII B-16 and Character
PC437 PC869 ISO Commands and Character B-17
PC853 PC857 ISO 1T PC855 B-18 Commands and Character
PC866 PC852 (East MAZOWIA (Poland)* MJK (CSFR)* Commands and Character B-19
B-20 Commands and Character character the character
International character You of the following international character with the DIP switches or the ESC command. when the characters the the below the character The first international character selected with the DIP switches or with the ESC command. The only when the ESC command. The of the ESC command. Character the IBM This section the character the IBM The IBM selected with the DIP switches. These character selected with the DIP switches, or the ESC or ESC software command. The PC865 the as the PC through 7F, the characters through FF shown. Commands and Character B-21
PC437 PC437 B-22 Commands and Character
PC865 PC865 Characters the following the ESC (characters) or ESC character) software command. Commands and Character B-23
that these apply specifically to software that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and of the of Usually to second. Also bidirectional which the head from to right other and from right to the others. This increases the of or which the of information or memory. of information consisting of character of numbers, and that with the characters character of character that graphic or characters. characters inch of the of text characters, often to as pitch. the or that when the turned or initialized. o
DIP switches switches that and the of the when turned or initialized. DIP of which each or of One of three character high-speed and ESC to commands. ESC/P E-S-C-P), of commands that using software. The and software computers. of type family such as or troubleshooting that advanced users the of the and the each that and ASCII high-speed One of three High-speed of character to high-speed and To establish the of the turning the or INIT input memory. interface The the and the interface character or and interface GL-2
memory The memory. from the of the from the memory to the memory. The then information from its memory. This frees the to other while the The memory the or the input that the top-of-form, and tear-off (NLQ) One of three Near reduces the and increases the of character to high-resolution characters. and high-speed The of the that the the interface interface. and to the of pitch The of characters inch The The plate the that the The the where text or graphics The using the MICRO FEED buttons. optional that when or that through the Both the front and built-in tractors tractors; they the through the to the head. RAM Access Memory. The of the memory that as and characters. GL-3