and Scanning Without CX6600 CPD-18234 XXX
rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and copying or of copyrighted While copying of copyrighted those as broad as people each to and of the copyright when using and and and EPSON of Corporation. and DURABrite and and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. Copyright Notice of Copyrighted
CX6600 You CX6600 to or black-and-white without turning to the and You directly from memory the the to and You to connected to CX6600 other to memory or copying to and from To CX6600 and its software, the instructions and from on-screen Reference the CX6600 Reference when the software. Please follow these throughout: Warning: to to to Notes information about CX6600. hints copying, scanning, and
the Security If to unauthorized of CX6600, its security The security to PIN whenever the CX6600. If PIN to CX6600 To the security first the Security connected to the CX6600. To CX6600 and its software, the Follow these to the security Press the On to CX6600. CX6600 software CD-ROM. If the Software the SecurityLockTool software CD-ROM, then the EPILOCE4 Macintosh: The the CD-ROM Then the Security You the to its from the CD-ROM You this Security On selected, then OK At the OK then to the You the Security the CX6600. CX6600
On the the then the to Security the LCD Press the Press the to On (shown the LCD PIN to write the Press the to OK the LCD Turn off CX6600. It locked. the CX6600 back to PIN You without PIN. Turning the Security If to the security off that the CX6600 to PIN each follow these On the the then the Select buttons to Security the LCD Press the Press Then these buttons to Security the Press Then these buttons to Security the the Security
Press the to (shown the LCD PIN Press the to OK the LCD The security turned off. If PIN to the CX6600 the security from CX6600 software CD-ROM. If the Software the SecurityLockTool software CD-ROM, then the EPILOCE4 The the CD-ROM Then the Security You the to its from the CD-ROM this Security and OK At the OK then to the This the security that the Security the CX6600 appears. You to the CX6600. CX6600
Loading Follow the these sections to CX6600 and high-quality Loading below Loading the and its the the right of the the front of the
the the too tightly). the the too tightly to: the Its often whiter or or top-edge first. If the corner, the as the short-edge first, landscape-oriented and the instructions using higher than the arrow the Loading the right front of the
offers the following the CX6600. only when from Bright White inches) S041586 or inches S041134/S041671 inches) S041257 Heavyweight Double-Sided inches) S041568 inches) S041331 inches) S041064 DURABrite inches) S041731 inches) SCR1002 Scrapbook The of location. To and or the SM or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please inches) S041141/S041649 S041271/S041272 A4 inches) S041140 inches S041467 inches S041734
To follow these type Loading Bright White or Heavyweight with beneath the Double-Sided sheet with of beneath the DURABrite sheets Scrapbook Loading
Copying Follow the instructions these sections to CX6600 as stand-alone Copying Without Computer below Copy Copying Without the the the corner. about inch from the top and scanned. the about inch from the to If the the to the copied. If to thick such as the Gently the to the to the when finished.
the Press the Copy to Copy The displayed the LCD as Copy below. Press the (to or the B&W (to black-and-white then printed. If the or Copy Copy follow the instructions the LCD to the while or or the CX6600. Copy The shown the LCD You the as below. Copy You the the of the seconds the the To these and the seconds. If to clear the and the CX6600 to its and the seconds. Copying type selection buttons of
of the to the of to to If using the or Copy Copy cant than If this to of the type below: If this of Select this Bright White Heavyweight Scrapbook DURABrite DB the type first, the and Quality this to of these when Text copying text and art that include or black-and-white the highest-quality type Copy
this to the of loaded. Choose of these A4 LTR or If with perforated Instead, of the or this to reduce or the of You from these Prints the its or the as to the selected A4 A4 To reduce or If to with white or light the correctly, creating incorrect If this the to the of Copying Converts the to the finished
Copy If to with or the Copy To Press the Press the to the LCD Copy displayed, then OK the to the LCD the then OK the choose from: Copy with inch or as to to the of or Margins with 0.06-inch around the Prints or or to as as with Prints the sheets or that together to Copy
Copy originals four originals Prints of the the If the of the the Copy To or the Copy Press the Press the to the LCD Copy displayed, then OK Press the buttons to and to or then OK You manually the of from to Press the Press the to the LCD Optional displayed, then OK the to the then OK Copying
Memory Cards These sections what of memory with CX6600, and to them. Compatible Memory Cards below Memory Card CX6600 as Card from Card and Scanning to Card Compatible Memory Cards You the following of with CX6600: of Memory Card C CompactFlash Memory light Memory Memory PRO SD Card Memory required) Card required) C
Memory Card the CX6600 turned If from or to the CX6600 connected to (or turned off). If to the and the connected. the to once the the memory cover. the memory light to the memory flashing and that of the Then the as shown than or to which from. the CX6600 reads the below), the following Press the to OK (shown the LCD Memory Cards XXX OK
To the straight of its the or turn off the CX6600 while the memory light or the these JPEG or TIF DCF to to CX6600 as Card You CX6600 as from memory to or To this with 98SE or CX6600 software as the (this the USB CX6600 turned and connected to memory as the previous section. (If copying to the the write-protect to allow writing the If this first CardMonitor to CardMonitor. Once the appears as Copy to or from the as If to the the of shown the LCD You and the to the CX6600 the CX6600 as Card
You to to whenever You to and Follow the instructions below operating If XP or what to when the the selected action and OK If this first this Click Next The PhotoStarter Follow the instructions the to CardMonitor. the Applications then You this From the Preferences You this From the Preferences Other Applications the then Click the the when Follow the instructions the to CardMonitor. Memory Cards Select Other
Scan Index appears the then OK (If appear, the Card the to the LCD Scan then OK the face-down the that the top of the the of the Press the The and printed. Selecting from the Once the photo or of to Card necessary, the Card Press the to the LCD to One of or then OK If to or of follow the instructions the and the to the to then OK the of of each to to then OK The of each the of that fits and with as You the type, and The of selected; chosen and of the type of chosen to Loading Press the button. printed. Select Selecting to
with DPOF Follow these already selected the to using DPOF memory containing DPOF Memory Card Press the Card to Card Press the to the LCD to DPOF then OK the the of of each to to then OK The of each the of that fits and with If than that of as You the type, and Choosing The of selected; chosen and of the type of chosen to Loading Press the printed. from Card
Choosing selected to of these If this to of the type below: If this of this Bright White Heavyweight Scrapbook DB this to the of loaded. Choose of these LTR or the selected type.) If with perforated Instead, of the type Choosing
this to of these Prints without that the covers the whole Prints the of each from Card Prints or to (The the of or the of selected. the If than to The of each the and
Scanning to Card Follow the instructions these sections to and other directly to memory below Scanning to Card the face-down the the corner. about inch from the top and scanned. the about inch from the to the If the the to the scanned. If to thick such as the Gently the to the to the when finished.
Scanning to Card Follow these to to memory and JPEG CX6600 connected to (or turned off), then memory If the properly the LCD Press the indicated the LCD to the the Press the Scan to Scan Press the to the LCD To Card appears, then OK You to or with the attached. Select To PC or To then Reference Select the type Text or Graphic as the (If the of light they and of off; that to the ordinary Normal as the of the higher or Graphic Higher the memory Press the to OK (shown the LCD the then the to scanning. to the the memory the while or copying, or the CX6600. finishes and the memory light flashing, then the Scanning to Card type Scan
CX6600 If quality, follow the instructions this chapter to and the head. instructions and the these Cleaning the Head below Cartridges Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or light or to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning If that text or straight appear to the head. on-screen Reference the CX6600 turned loaded, and the light off. (If the light the LCD to to Press the to Press the to the LCD displayed, then the to the
the finishes each without or If as shown below, the head as the section. the Head Cleaning If to the head, follow these Press the to Press the to the LCD Head Cleaning displayed, then the The CX6600 head cleaning and the Head cleaning the LCD off the CX6600 while head cleaning or the CX6600. the Head cleaning the to that the head clean. If cleaning three or four off the CX6600 and overnight. This Then cleaning the head the CX6600
Cartridges To follow these Press the to Press the to the LCD displayed, then the You the amount of each C To the them to the the OK button. You empty. New Cartridges these Black T0441 capacity)* T0431 (high capacity)* T0442 T0443 T0444 of location. The high recommended as this who that infrequently to choose the includes the high C:50% M:50% Y:50% Cartridges
Follow the below to the obtained or the the head To and them. Other products to CX6600 covered warranty. If empty: the LCD to which empty, then the If Press the to then the to the LCD displayed. Then the the the to as shown, then its cover. CX6600
the to Press the the back of the then straight of Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with of the reach of the four or Then from its wrapper. the the Press clicks the cover. Cartridges
the The CX6600 charging the and Charging appears the LCD charging to using CX6600. off the while Charging appears the LCD the CX6600 hasnt or than CX6600
If with CX6600, the the LCD or and below. with or from the CX6600 Reference If of these Where To and the below using CX6600 stand-alone Copying the right of the the then the the too tightly). Dont the arrow the first. the of the with the the inch from the of the to the instructions. If to with white or light the correctly. Select as the Reduce/Enlarge and the Optional to the of
If feed, from the the the right the and the the too tightly). If follow these Press the On to off the CX6600. the and thats including that torn off. Clear the the front of the CX6600. the the of the Turn the CX6600 back and the the creased or Copy Quality If with the of these the the If only of the or warped. the CX6600 or Clean the head; instructions. If appears the the with lint-free cloth recommended). If the clean, amount of cloth. off Dont directly the isnt curled, or (the should and absorption of with or If to the head. on-screen CX6600 Reference instructions. The or instructions
Where To If with CX6600 or EPSON Scan software, Support below. If with other software that with CX6600, Other Software Technical Support technical hours through the services and telephone services the following Service Access World From the reach At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM Monday through or charges apply. of services hours To these services, touch tone telephone and SoundAdvice SM this to the CX6600 SoundAdvice. Where To
please the following information ready: Product CX6600) Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the You purchase and from the or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Other Software Technical Software Telephone and EPSON www.newsoftinc.com ArcSoft AM PM through ABBYY www.arcsoft.com/ techmain
Notices Instructions CX6600, and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the CX6600. the type of indicated the CX6600 to properly grounded outlets. using outlets the as or other high-load that switch and off. the CX6600 where the easily fiche the become or frayed. If with the CX6600, the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the outlets switches or timers. CX6600 and from of interference, such as or telephone locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the CX6600 the CX6600 or heating or sunlight. the CX6600 that its It properly or enough front of the CX6600 least inches) and off of the Turn off and the CX6600 cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the CX6600 off the On Dont off the switch or the CX6600 the On light off.
or cover the CX6600 or through the as specifically to service the CX6600 yourself. the CX6600 and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. the CX6600, the head the right and the This includes that mercury Please and or recycling. the Cartridge Instructions the Removing the the head and the CX6600 from of the reach of children and the when there around the supply If it off with and If them immediately with the CX6600 or the the head hand; otherwise the CX6600. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced quality. the the the within months of first them. cool, each that the of its from allow to least three hours or tear the this the or to them. This to the head. Notices
the IC the of the This and If the supply from and and the as the CX6600. that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding LCD Instructions cloth to clean the LCD Dont or cleaners. If the LCD If LCD off thoroughly with and If them immediately with FCC This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or United States FCC
The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: AMERICA, INC. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C161A Notices WARNING
NERGY TAR NERGY TAR that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused Inc. Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the EPSON covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of quality, and, option, another of and of the covered NERGY TAR
the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the EPSON caused or distributed or This warranty ribbons, or third or to the EPSON its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to America, Inc. P.O. CA Notices
Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX