Sign-off: thickness switch front interface interface A5 cover cover OFF head right LF/FF Tear Font Pitch release tractor Select
Sign-off: rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, A5 DLQ-3000+
A5 Declaration of Conformity According to ISO/IEC and EN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, Representative: EPSON EUROPE B.V. Address: Prof. J. H. AT The Declares that the Product: Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): Y. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. Product P821A Directive 73/23/EEC: EN Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the or or heat the The properly or or cover the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. A5 Information
A5 the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected Head The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused The the head that this the head the used. the head cool touching NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency.
United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to rating and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. If to the the or with of the and A5
Sign-off: Introduction EPSON DLQ-3000+ offers high performance with of features You the high-quality and ease of to from EPSON of the that High-speed of to characters characters inch The to of types, including sheets, to postcards, and with High-precision the both sheets and AUTO function the thickness that the thickness of the and four as as and A4 and A5 Introduction Introduction
A5 Introduction with (S015067). Bidirectional with IEEE of advanced EPSON ESC/P commands and IBM advanced including that with information. Also, the SelecType which to than through interface selection You than and the switches from to the other as Software, including and that and easily users, the EPSON This when and troubleshooting The following options The cut-sheet which to sheets of without reloading. Interface cards, which to the built-in and interface. Introduction
Chapter information about and these to This This illustrated, instructions and operating Chapter the information and the to this chapter first. Software to software, which includes Microsoft operating the EPSON and DOS-based Chapter to and sheets, and other of Chapter the information the using the To of the SelecType this chapter. Chapter EPSON to the EPSON Chapter to optional with Chapter and Transportation information, including Chapter Troubleshooting troubleshooting information. If the properly or the what this chapter A5 Introduction Introduction
A5 Introduction Specifications the and the optional cut-sheet Command and Character the commands and character C Contacting Customer Support the and information about EPSON products and services. and the of this and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the of Introduction
Sign-off: Chapter the Unpacking the Choosing the Assembling the the the the Connecting the to A5 the
A5 Chapter This chapter to and to Unpacking the this should include EPSON software Notice and the following items: optional the permanently to the Also, the of the the country which bought the the right location. You protective around and and the Follow the the Notice with the to these and protective to the the It should its or the front
to protective the There of the and to the another If the the back of the the country, Choosing the Follow the below when selecting location the The properly or the where easily to interface necessary. around the easy and as shown below. the outlet where easily the cord. A5 Chapter cover the
A5 Chapter or the to and humidity. from sunlight, light, heat or or to and French-speaking users: fiche outlets switches or timers. information the memory of or the as or other that fluctuations. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded the clear and If to follow these that least that the The should and interface they with feeding. If the to of the the
Assembling the the the that the To the from its and then follow these the of the front of the cover the right and and from the A5 Chapter the
A5 Warning: the head while the this the Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. the with the and the ribbon-tightening facing shown below, the the head, and the from to right that the both of the the notches the Then the of the the
Turn the ribbon-tightening to the and to the freely. the and the cover. A5 Chapter the
A5 Attaching the To the front and rear follow these the slightly to the the front with both the both of the mounting the as shown below. Then the the the mounting and then it the
the the turned off. The off when the of the switch pressed. the the back of the to its matches that of the matches If the attached to the the the AC the back of the the properly grounded A5 It to the If the rated and outlet match, the cord. the
A5 Chapter Connecting the to interface IEEE-1284 interface and EIA-232D interface. A-18 information. If type of interface, of optional interfaces. To the to using the or interface, follow the below. both the and off. the securely the interface as shown below. interface the together they both of the the
interface interface the screws both of the If the screws that with the the the interface, the with the optional with the If ground wire, to the ground as shown below. the other of the the A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter the interface with SelecType, that the match those SelecType information. that the Chapter instructions and the software. the
Sign-off: Chapter Software the the using the EPSON the the NT the the NT the the DOS the the A5 Chapter Software
A5 Chapter The EPSON software that with includes the software, with and DOS-based software that allows to the You to the software of the instructions the software, the section or NT NT or DOS the software, to of the EPSON software Follow the below to the instructions the EPSON the and the off. of software Double-click the and then the which the Software
Double-click the then the EPSON shown below. Click OK and follow the on-screen instructions. the EPSON information this DOS-based utility, Once the EPSON This the of when and with troubleshooting instructions the the You the plug-and-play IEEE-1284 bidirectional information. You the EPSON using To the the using Computer A5 Chapter Software
A5 Chapter the connected to as Turn off and necessary. First and then the If the You the New If the New Found or of and follow the instructions the Computer the displays Then the from The the the New If this the and then OK This appear Click OK You the From of software If the A, type and OK the the Copy from and OK You type the the the that the as shown. Software
To the as the the Click the The the to and to the the or the selected. Once the EPSON This the of when and with troubleshooting instructions the the should that the match While the with the this section instructions to the the and necessary. Accessing the from the from apply only to the The below typical applications, the To the or from the of software. The or appears. A5 Chapter Software
A5 Chapter To the from the choose or the options (You to choose of these options.) The appears. The and Graphics the Click the the top of the to these Accessing the from the the from the the apply to To the from the follow these Click the and then to Click Right-click and The appears. The and Graphics the Click the the top of the to these Checking and that the the and Graphics the of to and as finished OK to apply the or to the to their factory Software
Select the of the the If the to through the If included the Custom and the the that appears. Select or Click the to Graphics Click the Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of The to the of the dithering options shows the of the to or Press the to the where and Once ready to If while Troubleshooting. A5 Software
A5 Chapter EPSON the follow the below to the EPSON the the If already the the the the installation. the of the EPSON software Click START and A:\SETUP the other than A, the and OK Follow the on-screen instructions, then FINISH to the EPSON instructions to the Software
the Follow the below to the and the the of software Choose from the The following appears: A:\SETUP (If the other than A, the Click OK The EPSON appears. A5 Chapter Software
A5 Chapter Select and OK The copying the files.After the the EPSON the OK to the the EPSON DLQ-3000+ as its LPT1. If to the or the assignment, the the the EPSON information this DOS-based the should that the match While the with the this section instructions to the the and necessary. Accessing the from the from apply to the The below typical applications, the Software
To the or from the of software. If choose where and which allows to the If choose To the choose or the options software. (You to choose of these software of the Accessing the from the the from the the apply to To the from the follow these the the Double-click the The appears. highlighted, then The appears. A5 Chapter Software
A5 Checking and that the the of to and as finished OK to apply the or to If the from of the below appear If the from the these appear the Click the Select the of the the If the to through the If included the and the the that appears. Source Click the to Select or The the to the select. To the following from to or of these buttons. If the from the to these You this option to Dithering which the or another dithering the of Software
the to lighter or Once ready to If while Chapter Troubleshooting. NT the NT and the off. the of software Double-click the and then the which the Double-click the then the EPSON shown below. Click OK and follow the on-screen instructions. A5 Chapter Software
A5 Chapter the EPSON information this DOS-based the should that the match While the with the this section instructions to the the and necessary. Accessing the from the from apply to the The below typical the To the or from the of software. If choose If choose To the from the choose or the options (You to choose of these options.) The appears. The and Advanced the Click the the top of the to these Software
Accessing the from the the from the NT the apply to To the from the follow these Click the and then to Click Right-click and The the which the and Advanced Click the the top of the to these Checking and that the the and Advanced the of to and as finished OK to apply the or to the to their Select the of the to If from the Source Click the to If from the Source Select or A5 Software
A5 Chapter Appearance Select or Advanced the and Source the and them necessary. Select the and then choose from the Graphic Select and then choose the from the Click appearance and or the of the Double-click to this Click Text as Graphics or and On or each Once ready to If while Chapter Troubleshooting. Software
NT the NT and the the of software From the You the the type A:\SETUP and click OK If the other than A, the A5 Software
A5 Select the EPSON Click OK and follow the on-screen instructions. the EPSON information this DOS-based the should that the match While the with the the following instructions to the the and necessary. Accessing the from the from apply to the The below typical applications, the Software
To the or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or You to of these buttons. You the which the and To the Advanced to The Advanced includes the Graphics Color, and these software of the Accessing the from the the from the NT the apply to To the from the follow these the the The appears. highlighted, then and The appears. Click the then You the which includes the and below. Click to the Advanced which the Graphics Color, and A5 Software
A5 Chapter and that the the of to and as finished OK to apply the or to Select the of the If from the or The the to the select. Advanced Graphics Click the If from the Graphics Click the when Turn the Text as Graphics or off. If to brightness, input RGB and forth, The appears. this Once ready to If while Chapter Troubleshooting. Software
DOS the To DOS applications, the the or Choose the EPSON DLQ-3000+ the the If the include the DLQ-3000+ choose the first from this DLQ-3000 LQ-2070 LQ-2170 LQ-1170 LQ-1070/1070+ DLQ-2000 LQ-1060 LQ-1050 LQ-2550 LQ-2500 If of these choose the first from the following: LQ EX FX LX RX MX EPSON A5 Chapter Software
A5 If the software to the The following DOS included with the EPSON allows to the from EPSON to the and thickness with or with the Follow the below when the EPSON and EPSON the of software From the DOS type A:\SETUP. If the other than A, the Then Select the and Then C:\EPUTIL appears as the directory. Press the to C:\EPUTIL. Software
Accessing the To the EPSON follow these From the DOS the directory C. To the EPSON type PRNSET and To the EPSON type EPUTIL\EPLABEL and Follow the on-screen instructions to the A5 Chapter Software
A5 Software
Sign-off: Chapter Selecting Paper-Feeding Paper-feeding and the release the Thickness Loading from the front Loading from the Continuous Positioning supply Loading with the the tear-off function Continuous with with Switching and Switching to Switching to the Micro-Feed the the tear-off A5 Chapter
A5 of types, including sheets, postcards, and with This chapter to these with that creased, curled, torn, stained, or stamped. that the A-4. Selecting Paper-Feeding of through four paper-feeding front and tractor, or optional cut-sheet The paper-feeding the type of to four paper-feeding the the and then as shown below. to ABCDEFGHIJ
Paper-feeding and Basically, there of and four or feeding The below shows the relationship and paper-feeding as as and ejecting Continuous front Continuous includes with and with includes postcards, and single-sheet You single-sheet that the top of the the optional A5 Release optional cut-sheet
A5 Chapter the release You the to the release The release three feeding, single-sheet feeding and release, as below. Single-sheet feeding sheets (including and postcards) from or the optional cut-sheet Tractor feeding (including and from the tractor. release from the manually when information, Clearing
the Thickness You the the thickness to the type of Usually, the thickness to the AUTO as shown below; to the thickness of the the If with the when using such as manually the thickness to the to the the The higher the the thickness to, the the the and head. If appears or characters or this too high. On the other hand, the too appear the feed correctly, or the become the the as the thickness as necessary. A5 Chapter AUTO
A5 Chapter The following selecting the the type of type Paperthickness or or or to *Continuous with with this the thickness the EPSON Utility. instructions the the thickness to AUTO when whose exposed. to the to the and the operates AUTO function though the thickness to another
of from to to inches) A-4 single-sheet specifications. You sheet of the front or or of the optional cut-sheet information the optional cut-sheet If enough the back of the that the obstructed. Loading from the front the front attached as Then the covers located the back of and the to the the release to the single-sheet as shown below. Turn the The light A5 Chapter
A5 the right to the right the right the then the right to the right If first), both right and as to the as they You to slightly the right to the the to the and while the to match the of of the to Then the to the
seconds, the the to the The ready to the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form the cover while otherwise the the correctly. If the rotates the the completely the and then the the If to the of the loaded, the To and the of the the SelecType T-Margn F information SelecType the the front and the and lights If the and the The the and If the the the A5
A5 Chapter Loading sheets from the the front and attached. the thickness to the single-sheet the front to the sheets. Turn the The light
both right and of the front the to each Next, the right of the the If first), both right and as to the as they You to slightly the right to the While the to match the of the the The the to the The ready to A5 Chapter
A5 the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form the cover while otherwise the correctly. If the without the completely the and then the the If to the of the loaded, the To and the of the the SelecType T-Margn R information SelecType
from to to inches) You from the built-in A-5 Positioning supply supply with the tractor the smoothly the as shown below. A5
A5 Chapter Loading with the tractor the release to the tractor as shown below. the front as as they
the the as shown below, and from the Release the them A5
A5 Chapter Facing the back of the the that the to the of the arrow the back of Then the to the the arrow the back of the The to the of the arrow the right to roughly match the of arrow
the to the the the covers. cover A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter the first three of the the both to supply that the the first of clean, straight that feed smoothly the the covers and the to the
the right to the Then the to the Turn the off. The ready to using the tear-off function to tear off and the that usually wasted information, the section. there least than required; properly through the the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form the cover while otherwise the correctly. A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter If to the of the loaded, the To and the of the the SelecType T-Margin Tractor information SelecType the tear-off function finished the tear-off function to the tractor to the tear-off of the You then easily tear off sheets. the back to the that would normally You the tear-off function manually the Tear the or the SelecType or using EPSON information SelecType If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the micro-feed as the tear-off function when otherwise they off their and the
the Tear the tractor, the Tear to to the tear-off follow the below. finished. Then the Tear The the to the tear-off Tear off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the micro-feed the tear-off the the back to the top-of-form and (You manually the back to the top-of-form the Tear button.) A5 Chapter tear-off
A5 Chapter tear-off the tear-off function with SelecType or EPSON the to the tear-off when off the tear-off function SelecType when otherwise they off their and the The to the tear-off only when of or and then three seconds. instructions to the tear-off function, SelecType or the EPSON as and follow the on-screen instructions. While SelecType or the the correctly The below to tear-off. the the perforation of the to the tear-off Tear off (If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off using the micro-feed the tear-off the the back to the top-of-form and (You manually the back to the top-of-form the Tear
You tear-off when using sheets the when the release to the single-sheet the Tear The the to the tear-off the tear-off function the the perforation to the tear-off automatically. You the tear-off function SelecType or the EPSON instructions, SelecType or EPSON as and follow the on-screen instructions. Tear off the Press the to feed the of the and the To completely from the the covers. the from the tractor and then the covers. A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter both single-sheet and forms. It with to including the only the thickness to the to the You single-sheet from the front and or with the optional cut-sheet instructions, or Loading from the cut-sheet You the as ordinary instructions, Continuous that software the within the of the the of the head. information about the the specifications A-5 or A-7. Single-sheet that the of the should from the front or from the optional cut-sheet
selecting choose mounted sheets with with tractor. single-sheet the to and feed properly. only operating to and humidity. Loading of the following: software the within the information about the the specifications A-8. The tear-off function off SelecType If whose exposed, the thickness to AUTO to the to the as Loading with the tractor A5 the of the head.
A5 Chapter To tear off and tear off and as below. using the Tear or the right of the easily off their and the At the back of tear off the that the the Tear the below. Press the LF/FF to the the they to and off their and the when You of them the sheetsfrom or with the optional cut-sheet
operating Loading that software the within the information about the the A-10. Select using SelecType Follow the instructions or Loading from the cut-sheet and as shown below. to the and of the that the right with the arrow the and the to match the of from the front from the with this when from the cut-sheet first and A5 Chapter the of the head. top first and
A5 You of them the sheetsfrom or with the optional cut-sheet Follow the below. only operating Loading that software the within the information about the the A-10. the of the head. Select Cards SelecType Follow the instructions Loading sheets from the front Loading from the rear or Loading from the cut-sheet that the right with the arrow the and the to match the of
This of with The of the than that of the when the as shown below. The thickness of this thicker than the operating Loading of the following: software the within the information about the the specifications A-12 and A-13. The release to the tractor The Tractor SelecType matches the of the and the activates the AUTO thickness function though the thickness to another A5 Chapter M3
A5 Select using SelecType the of the head. to when this type of otherwise Follow the instructions Loading with the tractor To tear off and tear off and to the below. the Tear and the At the back of tear off the that the Press the LF/FF to the
with This of each This from which consists of with the the height of the head the thickness of the this of the thickness the EPSON Utility. the instructions this instructions the with only operating Loading with of the following: software the within the information about the the specifications A-10 and A-11. The release to the and the activates the AUTO thickness function though the thickness to another A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter Press the Select to and the Ready: appears the Follow the instructions Loading with the tractor the of with the head. with the of the further than to the of the arrow (when facing the back of the To tear off and with tear off and with following the below. the Tear and the At the back of tear off the that the Press the LF/FF to the Me-bac
To another type of the Select to NO.0 and the Ready: appears the with the they to and off their and the when with This of of the of to follow instructions type. this the thickness the EPSON Utility. the instructions this instructions the with only operating to and humidity. A5 Chapter
A5 Loading with of the following: software the within the information about the the specifications A-13 and A-14. The release to tractor The Tractor SelecType matches the of the and the activates the AUTO thickness function though the thickness to another Press the Select to and the Ready: appears the Follow the instructions Loading with the tractor the of with the head. with the of the further than to the of the arrow (when facing the back of the
To tear off and with tear off and with following the below. the Tear and the At the back of tear off the that the Press the LF/FF to the with To another type of the Select to NO.0 and the Ready: appears the with the they to and off their and the when A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter Switching and using the tractor, easily switch and (including or postcards) without the from the tractor. Switching to sheets To switch from to follow the below. finished the Tear to the to the tear-off (If selected tear-off the SelecType or the EPSON the the perforation to the tear-off automatically.) Tear off the tear off feeding backwards; feeding too backwards the Tear or the right of the easily off their and the information from the path, Press the to the back to the The attached to the tractor, the path.
the release to the single-sheet from the front or Switching to To switch from to follow the below. If necessary, the to the the as Loading with the the release to the A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter The the from the to the when the Micro-Feed The micro-feed allows to or 1/180-inch finely the and tear-off the The the the where the head actually You the temporarily using the micro-feed as the below. the or off the the turned Press the to The light Press the to backward. correctly, the to to feed or the
the tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the to the perforation to the tear-off as follows: Press the the Press the Tear The Tear light Press the to feed or the to backward, the perforation with the tear-off The and tear-off If to the tear-off these the and the Tear off the the the back to the top-of-form and tear-off off the A5
A5 Chapter
Sign-off: Chapter the Lights Other SelecType SelecType SelecType options options Character Character A5 the
A5 Chapter This chapter the to the basic operation of the and to advanced operations, such as to The lights the the of the The buttons operations.The with the SelecType features, and the LF/FF Tear Font Pitch Select
The shows the following: that the as shown the following Ready:# The to from the The normally. the the The tear-off and advanced to the tear-off The the The the The SelecType The SelecType SelecType The SelecType The such as which or to correct. and information. SelecType and options such as Character which of information. A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter Lights On when the switch and to the (red) On when the of On when the ready to or or the to the the interface recieving the input becomes and the head to its Tear On when the the tear-off The to the tear-off when this light Press this to temporarily and to SelecType Press this to through, or SelecType where the information, the
Select Press this to the and with or with using this to this to the and another type of this when the Press this to single-sheet or to the (The normally automatically.) If already the this to If the or tear-off this to to the LF/FF feed/form feed) Press this to feed the it seconds to or to the top of the You this to of from the optional cut-sheet or to from the to the Font Press this to from the built-in SelecType or SelecType information, SelecType that the software this with the character, which significantly increases the with this reduces other than A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter Tear Press this to feed to the tear-off Press to the to the You the tear-off SelecType. information, SelecType and Press these buttons to and the 1/180-inch and continuously to the further. You these micro-feed buttons to the tear-off and the SelecType these buttons to the or or option the information, SelecType and Press these buttons SelecType to and the and option information, Pitch Press this SelecType to character pitch. information, SelecType that the pitch software this Press the and to or the the
Other features To of the advanced functions of this the while turning the as below. LF/FF which the of which the of Bidirectional the bidirectional which allows to Bidirectional LF/FF Prints the to the which users the of SelecType the SelecType while the to the or the the Select to the the SelecType the Select to the the and that currently the EPSON Utility. A5 the
A5 Chapter SelecType This section to the SelecType to the SelecType the SelecType the SelecType where the of the such as character and other to the SelecType they to the factory which the of users. You of the the SelecType while the The the selected SelecType. software commands that usually the SelecType If the software first. SelecType such as character length, and that frequently, such as tear-off, interface selection, and the
SelecType This section basic operations SelecType. Follow these to the Turn the Press SelecType to the SelecType Pressing the once allows to SelecType The shows: Pressing the allows to SelecType The shows: Pressing SelecType three consecutively SelecType and the to Press the to the of the selected The shows the first as follows: the shows: the shows: A5 Chapter SelecType SelecType T-Margin Tractor the
A5 Chapter To the (to to the previous the once. Press the to through the the shows the to T-Margin Tractor T-Margn T-Margn T-Margin CSF Character Table Software Tractor CR (IBM) CSF A.G.M. (IBM) B-Margin Tractor Interface Spacing I/F Timeout Right-Margin Rate Direction Parity of the or the Tear-off LF
Press the to the option of the selected the shows the option with To to the the Press the to through the the shows the option to Press the to the option. the with the SelecType SelecType to the memory and SelecType The ready to and These them If SelecType, the once to incorrect operation. To to the the the to SelecType and to A5 Chapter or the once. Pressing the the
A5 Chapter options This section the and options that when SelecType The options the following the factory T-Margin Tractor 1/180-inch T-Margn 1/180-inch T-Margn 1/180-inch T-Margin CSF 1/180-inch Character PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO U.S.A, Germany, U.K., Italy, America, other PC PC850, PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC ISO 1T, ISO MAZOWIA, MJK, PC774, ISO PC LAT, PCAPTEC, PC708, PC720, PCAR864, PC860, PC865, PC861, U.S.A, Germany, U.K., Italy, Tractor inch, inch, inch, inch (A4), or Other Other: to CSF A4, or Other Other: to B-Margin Tractor to 1inch, 1/180-inch Spacing or inch to Right-Margin to Direction or or the
tractor, and and CSF You top with the tractor, feed, and with the optional cut-sheet from the cut-sheet Cards and the SelecType T-Margin CSF should to or Character Character characters and the following character characters each The character choose the the Software SelecType The shows character the You the of the tractor. If Other, which the 1/6-inch Press the or the the shows Then the CSF You the of sheets the optional cut-sheet (CSF). A5 Chapter to this the the
A5 Chapter If Other, which the 1/6-inch Press the or the the shows Then the You the of when the tractor. The the selected spacing. You the of the Right-margin You the right of the The the as measured from You bidirectional or normally bidirectional; however, allows to commands software. the to this the
options This section the and options that when SelecType The options the following the factory EEnglish, Spanish, or NNormal, Cards, or or On NNormal or Software EESC/P or IBM CR (IBM) or On A.G.M. (IBM) or On Interface Selection, RS-232C, or Optional I/F Time-out seconds On or Rate or Parity or Tear-off or On LF or On or On or On RReady? (to Select the and the of A5 Chapter the
A5 type Select Cards postcards), or Normal the type of Select On when Intensity Select to characters and otherwise this to Normal of the option the of the head and If with the of Normal Software Select the of commands If ESC/P the operates as EPSON ESC/P If IBM the operates as IBM If choose EPSON ESC/P software This allow to the advanced and graphics CR (IBM) Turn this to the to (CR) to every such as LF and ESC the software. If off, only when the software commands to the IBM the
A.G.M. (IBM) Turn the graphic (A.G.M.) to the ESC ESC A, ESC J, ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, and ESC commands IBM the as ESC/P The A.G.M. IBM Interface If necessary, the interface that to with This both and interface If optional interface the interface of the three. If Selection the selects the interface that and that interface the of the (A when from the selected interface the amount of specified the I/F time-out below.) This interface selection allows to the without If to the the RS-232C or optional interface to the interface If know what type of interface I/F timeout the interface time-out Selection the Interface A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter The from another interface from the interface the I/F time-out. the timeout reached without further the switches to the interface that Turn this to the input which memory to free the when amounts of or graphics. To the off. the interface, to the or The with the specified or the and should to the Parity the of the interface. or the and should to the tear-off Turn the tear-off to easily tear off the The the to the tear-off when tear-off this off when the
The tear-off the of or command and seconds. LF Turn the feed to the to feed (LF) to every (CR) the software. If off, when the software commands to the and to should this only Select the character with (this or without (this off). The allows to easily distinguish O and Turn this to the to of when information. You to the factory the previous this and when Ready appears the to the the factory the to the Press SelecType to A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter The of type combining character and other You type using software or the SelecType software SelecType recommended with software whenever This section the Font and Pitch buttons SelecType. The and pitch SelecType the turned off, or initialized. Character and high-speed and four To with the Font follow these that the turned Press SelecType. You the Font SelecType or Press Font the first shows the with Press the the shows the to the Press the Press SelecType the ready to and the or the to the
The and high-speed character They rough and (LQ) characters The ESC/P allows to from to to the and to Helvetica The below the A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter The following shows characters the and LQ High-speed C OCR-B Orator-S Character Character spacings of (characters inch) and To character or pitch with the Pitch follow these that the turned Press SelecType You the Pitch SelecType or Press the Pitch button; the first shows the pitch with to the
Press the the shows pitch. Press the Press SelecType the ready to and The pitches the currently selected A-3 the pitches each the of Software, the software IBM and includes the following EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, and POSTNET. B-3 information about the command. A5 Chapter or the to the pitch. the
A5 Chapter the
Sign-off: Chapter EPSON and EPSON the EPSON information the Background the background A5 Chapter EPSON
A5 EPSON with that allows to when and troubleshooting instructions when This chapter to the to information and to the background to whenever information EPSON included with this using the to the README located of the EPSON software. You the EPSON README located the This the information the and EPSON This section to and EPSON to and information. If the EPSON instructions. the EPSON EPSON and the and printer-shaped background to the the of EPSON
Double-click the background to the shown below. (You this from Click to to then the EPSON the following of the EPSON features. information this the This allows to information and the Click information the selected or to to Click to the EPSON information using the A5 Chapter EPSON
A5 Chapter This the appearance and of the EPSON and the You choose to or the and and choose whether or appear to the the Clicking this displays only the and the Clicking displays the and count. Click Refresh to the information shown the The the background and allows and from the Select from the and Preferences to background or off and to the the selected Click Background to the background or off. Clicking Select background allows to specify the type of that displayed the when background turned information the background Choose from this to about the Click About to the and copyright information. EPSON
of the commands the EPSON directly clicking the buttons this If to the appears and of the function appears the the of the EPSON This displays information the EPSON connected directly to selected the this the and icons. selected, the displays the following information. the the and of EPSON connected directly to to this You or to choosing or from the To memory, to (Doing the from The that appear the to ready yellow the that and the and the information. A5 EPSON
A5 Chapter the of the of the to the and information this shown, the section. Count the of to You rearrange the of the the clicking the and Count title information You the shown below to information the of selected To this the or the then choose from the You the from clicking the the EPSON
The three containing information as below. Click the the top of the to these The through graphic and The appearance of the the graphic to the of the as the If troubleshooting appear the the of this This information the amount of the optional cut-sheet Information If connected to through this shows information and other A5 EPSON
A5 Chapter the Background The background and efficiently selected the background whenever using Turning background process. First the basic background printer-shaped appears the the of then the and the Preferences to background that the section using the Preferences to turn background and Follow these to background and other each to the background It printer-shaped background appears the the of If this the EPSON from as Then to Background the and from or to turn this EPSON
Select the to from the then Preferences the The following appears. the to the necessary. Please that to slowly. Click this to background the selected Clicking this option the options Click the options to specify when the to appear. The displays and that allows to the selected Click OK to and the Preferences A5 Chapter EPSON
A5 Chapter the background printer-shaped background appears the the Double-clicking the background the EPSON Right-clicking this where choose to the displayed front of other the This allows to off the background If off background the background from the To background back the the EPSON to Background and from or The background turned the EPSON
Sign-off: Chapter Cut-Sheet the cut-sheet Loading with the cut-sheet Loading manually from the front Switching the tractor and the cut-sheet Interface Cards interface A5
A5 Chapter This chapter to optional with including the cut-sheet and interface cards. Cut-Sheet The optional cut-sheet C80683 and of single-sheet single-sheet and postcards. You the cut-sheet without A-19 information the and of that with the cut-sheet the cut-sheet the cut-sheet as follows: the off. the cut-sheet following the instructions the that with the the attached. the the cut-sheet
the cross-head screwdriver, the screw that the cover to the back of the Then the cover straight from the to the the of the cover from the the the cover and screw them the cut-sheet the covers they and the the necessary. You to from the tractor to the cut-sheet information switching the cut-sheet and the release to the single-sheet A5
A5 the cut-sheet with both the notches each of the the mounting the the cut-sheet the the of the cut-sheet the
the front completely. Then both right and the to each Turn the and the software, necessary. You ready to with cut-sheet as the section. To the cut-sheet the Loading with the cut-sheet This section to the cut-sheet single-sheet the type that the top of the To allow too to the front the when as thick as the the cut-sheet A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter the cut-sheet as follows: the to allow Release the them Me063-1a
the right that its with the the cut-sheet and back the to the Next, the to roughly match the of the the of then the and of the to A-19 information the and of that with the cut-sheet A5 Chapter the cut-sheet
A5 Chapter the the right and the of the that matches the of the allows the to and freely. Then the with the If using the top-down. back the to the the
the release to the single-sheet the thickness to the the the cut-sheet as software, from the The cut-sheet when to the You the If the without the completely the and then the the If to the of the loaded, the To and the of the the SelecType T-Margin CSF information SelecType from the cut-sheet Cards and SelecType T-Margin CSF should to or Loading manually from the front The cut-sheet single-sheet allows to switch to type or of without the already the cut-sheet or the Follow these that the release the single-sheet the front the the right with the the front A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter While the to match the of of the to seconds, the the to the The ready to from and of the the front and the and lights If the and the front The the and Switching the tractor and the cut-sheet You easily switch from the and sheets from the cut-sheet without as below. Switching to Follow the below to switch to from the tractor. If the path, the to them. the release to the tractor Switching to sheets To switch back to from the cut-sheet follow these and
If the the Tear to the to the tear-off Tear off the Press the button. The the to the The attached to the tractor the path. the release to the single-sheet If another type of to the cut-sheet Interface Cards You optional interface to built-in interface. The EPSON interface below with (Not interfaces Card type C82307 C82308 32KB interface C82310 C82311 32KB interface C82312 interface C82313 32KB IEEE-488 interface C82314 interface C82315 interface C82345 IEEE-1284 interface C82346 Ethernet interface The the which country. A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter If whether optional interface or would to know about interfaces, interface Follow the below to optional interface the turned off. the and the interface the screws the shield plate to the back of the and the the interface the both of the interface the to the the back of the the internal
Then the screws and them. the shield to the interface To the interface the A5
A5 Chapter
Sign-off: Chapter and Transportation the Ribbon Cartridge Cleaning the Transporting the A5 Chapter and Transportation
A5 Chapter the Ribbon Cartridge If becomes to the Troubleshooting, information.) If to the ribbon, EPSON recommends the of the EPSON Ribbon Cartridge (S015066 S015067 EPSON EPSON their high the operation and of the head and other Other products EPSON to covered warranties. To the follow these Turn the Press the the head to the and Turn off the Then the cover and the Warning If the recently, the head cool to the and Transportation
Press the the right of the and the of the the from its and the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. A5 Chapter and Transportation
A5 Chapter the with the and the ribbon-tightening facing and the the head. Then the that the both of the the notches the Turn the ribbon-tightening to the and to the freely. the and the cover. and Transportation
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly Follow these Turn off the and as as the If optional cut-sheet to and from the outer If the outer and the or dusty, clean them with clean cloth with the cover closed to from the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the EPSON think A5 Chapter and Transportation
A5 Transporting the If to as below, using the and Turn off the and the the from the then the interface from the If optional cut-sheet Warning: If the recently, the head cool to the the the as through of the Ribbon Cartridge Then the cover. the and the and them the and Transportation
Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting the the and supply Printout Clearing Bidirectional A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter This chapter what It these the This section to the lights and the and as and This section to the to whether the with the or the This section the users to this to and This section to with the supply, operation, and the of the Clearing This section shows to clear bidirectional This section to the bidirectional to that properly the information this chapter to the of and then the recommended If of these C, Contacting Customer Support. Troubleshooting
the If the of sounds and that appear the the to the of the and the the following to and the State of light A5 Chapter the selected the selected path; the and lights off and the correctly. and correctly, then the Chapter instructions to the type of to The type from that with the EPSON Utility. the type of previously with the EPSON or the to the type of Then the the the Select. the the and the to to Then the button. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter State of light the cover and the flashing Troubleshooting Single-sheet ejected. the and the the the right of the The release to the the release to match the where loaded. Then the the Turn off and the using the the right of the Please TThe head overheated. the once the head Please Turn unknown occurred. Turn off the and off then If the Cover TThe cover
the whether the from the or the If the satisfactory, the properly and the caused or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the and and to the You the sheets or This section to the with Chapter information and To follow these the and the release to the Then off the To the the the while holding the To the the turn the while holding the LF/FF Either the of however, the than the to information A5 Chapter Whenever off the least seconds turning otherwise the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter seconds, the the automatically, and then the of characters printed. To temporarily the the To the the To the the If the the to the Then off the off the while the to and the to the off the the If or to isolate the and software the from the as To follow the below. that A4 inches) or (such as the To the while holding both the LF/FF and buttons. Troubleshooting
software and to the the the characters the right with the of the the the If characters they appear the right as ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as To the and normally, the and with the necessary, or off the and This section four supply Printout A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter the section the type of and the of The and first, the the which they appear. supply The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of The and the lights off. What to The turned off. Turn the The light The properly the or permanently attached to the properly the The switch or Troubleshooting the and the outlet ratings. If the match, the immediately and Warning: the to with the Turn off the and the the outlet and the necessary. Then turn the switch.
The of another such as the outlet to the outlet properly. If sheets from the The single-sheets of What to the Press the to path. the the release to the single-sheet and information The release the release to the to the single-sheet the release The and the the What to The the too to the or right the to A5 Chapter the to the or right. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter The rotates the feed the What to The the the too tightly the the that the too tight and abstructing the The release the release to the to the tractor single-sheet the release feeding crooked or the What to The the and properly as the The the that they correctly. match the of You using the right type of the The or creased. of The the What to You to the LF/FF Troubleshooting the right type of the specifications A-4. If the path, Clearing the to the
too the of within the specified the single-sheet specifications A-4. and the or the the the the flashes and the light What to The the hand; the light If of the The light and the the and Continuous The What to The release the release to the to the single-sheet tractor the release The off the the to the tractor as tractor. Loading with the tractor A5 Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter or the the the the What to The release the release to the to the single-sheet tractor The off the the to the tractor as tractor. Loading with the tractor The back Press the to to the the feeding crooked or the What to The supply the supply obstructed. or other The supply with the supply with the the the smoothly the Positioning supply The supply too that supply from the within of the The the of the that the the of the with each other. the and their covers closed. The thickness the thickness to match incorrectly. the thickness of the thickness Troubleshooting
the or thickness the The incorrectly the of The top-of-form of when What to The or the match the of the The match the of the too that the of within the specified the specifications A-5. A5 Chapter that the and thickness within the specified the A-5. the of the to the of the If the path, Clearing the or the the Tractor the SelecType or the EPSON SelecType or the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter The (or too from) the perforation of What to The tear-off the tear-off using the incorrectly. The or the match the of the The match the of the The properly. What to You trying to too If backward. tear off the and the to the backward. If using tear off the the and then the LF/FF to the too the of or too within the specified the specifications A-5. The or the match the of the Troubleshooting or the tear-off the or the the Tractor SelecType or the EPSON utility. SelecType or the the or the
The match the of the the Clear the as sheets from the optional cut-sheet The rotates the cut-sheet the What to The cut-sheet it correctly. incorrectly. the cut-sheet The release the release to the to the single-sheet the release The right and too to the the from feeding smoothly. the Clear the as There only sheets of the You too sheets. A-19 the information the and of that with the cut-sheet A5 Chapter the Tractor SelecType or the EPSON SelecType or the the to match the of Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 The cut-sheet than What to You too sheets. A-19 the information the and of that with the cut-sheet of the and together. then feeding crooked. What to The right and the to match the too of The or creased. sheets of You the right type of the cut-sheet too heavy or too light. the the the flashes and the light What to The the hand; the light Press the to Troubleshooting the of and cut-sheet the and the optional cut-sheet A-19.
to single-sheet manually, the the from the cut-sheet What to The properly the front One of What to The software match the of the the The the when switch the cut-sheet and the tractor. What to The release the release correctly. incorrectly. tractor feeding, single-sheet feeding and clearing The light off the What to The interface that both of the securely. the and the securely. If the connected correctly, as A5 the the front as the or the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter interface the and/or specifications. software properly that properly selected software. If necessary, or the software as Chapter The and lights and the What to The of the release the selected the and the Press the to the front or too to the right or the to The sounds nothing What to The the as properly. The the as The thickness the thickness to match incorrectly. the thickness of the thickness Troubleshooting interface that the of both the and and the to the right, or properly, the and lights off.
The and abruptly. What to The Clear the as The too or The and the light flashes. What to The head overheated. the once the head Printout of the or What to The the as properly. There too the or the A5 Chapter from the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter of the as shown below. What to The correctly, and the or The head Stop and to the head replaced. Incorrect characters printed. What to and the correctly. The character Select the character selected software. software or using the SelecType or the EPSON that the character software the the SelecType or EPSON Troubleshooting Stop and as the Warning: to the head because other of the the that the interface and that the correct. and If the optional interface
The or characters software printed. What to software correctly The the selected using the SelecType or the EPSON What to Software the SelecType or EPSON too high or too the What to The software match the of the the The top or and the top and incorrect. software or SelecType. the specifications A. SelecType A5 that software correctly software to the the software or to match the of the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Top and the SelecType the text the What to feed Turn the feed option the of each of the SelecType or the EPSON that the feed to each return. SelecType or the The of What to commands the of each of The software incorrect. Troubleshooting software to these If to the top and the top of the the top the top of the Turn off the option the SelecType or the EPSON SelecType or the the software.
The of the the match length. What to The or the match the of the The match the of the the than or the of the top of the What to The top and or incorrect. A5 the or the the Tractor the SelectType or the EPSON SelecType or the these software, as follows: If software to or A4 If software the top or increasing the or both, the the software this option. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter What to Bidirectional which the of Clearing To clear follow these Turn off the the release to the release the cover. If the tear off the fresh supply the back of the Troubleshooting the bidirectional to this Bidirectional
Turn the the right of the to the If the where the the of the the cover and the the and lights off. the the right of the to clear when the off. the or the top-of-form Bidirectional If that the properly the bidirectional to this bidirectional the three of and LQ. below, the from each Follow the below to bidirectional To the instruction and four of A3 single-sheet or 15-inch (recommended) Chapter instructions single-sheet or If single-sheet to of each the to the A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter loaded, then off the While holding the turn the The the bidirectional and then the instruction and the first of the instruction the and the with the the and buttons to specify the the Press the to selection and the of Then to the Press the to selection and the of Select the the of as and then the to selection. Turn off the and the bidirectional Troubleshooting
Sign-off: Specifications Technical Specifications A-2 A-2 A-4 Mechanical A-15 A-16 A-16 A-17 CE A-17 Interface Specifications A-18 A-18 A-18 Interface Specifications A-19 Optional Cut-Sheet Specifications A-19 A5 Specifications A-1
A5 Technical Specifications Characters Quality Characters/second/line inch High Normal The thickness or overheated head the Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected software commands. spacing: 1/6-inch, 1/8-inch or 1/360-inch feed inches/second 1/6-inch Characters characters inch A-2 Specifications
128KB or 1KB the SelecType or the EPSON Font Characters inch EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON C EPSON EPSON EPSON OCR-B Scalable Font EPSON to EPSON to EPSON to ESPON to EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET Character One and graphics character (There graphics character areas.) Character international character and character A5 Specifications A-3
A5 postcards, and with and as follows: to 25C to 77F) Humidity to RH (including single-sheet A-7. to to inches) to to inches)* and single-sheet that the top of the from the cut-sheet to to inches) to to inches)* sheets and single-sheet that the top of the from the cut-sheet Thickness to to inch) to to inch) to to sheets to to (weight/part Quality and with of the top or the of the (when selected SelecType A-4 Specifications
Printable inch) or C Continuous (including A-7. The or notched The cleanly If the and perforations crossed, the below should Uncrossed perforations this restricted perforation perforation A5 perforation perforation inch) or inches) or C inch) or inch) or The inches). inches) inch) Specifications A-5 A-1
A5 The ratio of the the perforation should and the perforation (when the should than inch) as following. If whose (A the inches), that the (B) inches.) to to inches) to to inches) (when selected SelecType thickness to to inch) to to inch) to to sheets to to (weight/part Quality and with or both A-6 Specifications or
Printable The top and and below the perforation) inch). The or right inch). the whose inches.) The sheets of should securely together the and right or, the with inch or that with or The thickness of when should or A5 inches or inch inches or or and each or Specifications A-7
A5 The should and creases. The of sheets the should properly. The should the and A-45 single-sheet A-67 should securely attached to the and the The should off their the below. whose covered, the around the of the perforated. each using whose covered with the the below and the thickness to the AUTO manually. A-8 Specifications hours C to
to to inches) Length/page to to inches) inches), Height inch), Corner to to inch) Thickness to to inch) to to inch) Quality or the with C inches) inches) Thickness to to inch) thickness within the than inch). to to Quality and the A5 C C C C inch) or inch) or inch) or Specifications A-9 A-3
A5 Printable to to inches) to to inches) Thickness inch) Quality and Printable as Continuous with as the following: The should within the the or perforation. A-10 Specifications inch) or The top feeding from the cut-sheet inch.) inch) or C perforation
Printable A5 inch) inches) C thickness inch) or C inch) or inch) or C inch) or inches) or inch) or C Specifications A-11
A5 as the following: perforation the of inch) inch) or C from perforation to the top of the inch) or from perforation to the of the inch) or thickness including inch) or Printable A-12 Specifications the top of C the of the C
inch) or inch) or C inch) or with as the following: the top of the of The should within the the or perforation. inch) inches) C inch) thickness of where attached: inch) or from perforation to the top of the inch) or from perforation to the of the inch) or from perforation to the of the previous inch) or thickness including inch) or A5 perforation C the of the Specifications A-13
A5 Printable with white the and or the top and The the first the the and the white the the the The often and You or purchase You the with the the below, and with whose reflectivity instance punching the restricted below because as whose reflectivity A-14 Specifications C C inch) or inch) or C inch) or inches) or inch) or inch) or
that the with the and their areas. Mechanical Friction feed from front and Cut-sheet (optional) Ribbon: (S015066) (S015067) Ribbon with dots/character): characters Black characters characters characters characters amount: head) head life: and (with front and inches) Width: inches) Depth: inches) A5 Specifications A-15
A5 Rated AC AC to Rated to to Rated (ISO/IEC Rated AC to AC to Rated to to Rated (ISO/IEC This IT with Phase to Phase 220-240V. (without to 35C to 95F) to 25C to 77F)* postcards, with and with to 65C to 149F) (without to RH to RH* postcards, with and with to RH A-16 Specifications
UL1950 with D3 CSA C22.2 with D3 EMI FCC CSA C108.8 EN (TUV, NEMKO) EMI EN (CISPR AS/NZS Acoustic (A) (ISO CE Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC A5 Specifications A-17
A5 Interface Specifications The with bidirectional, interface; interface; and optional interface IEEE-1284 (Amphenol) or Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL (IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 (Amphenol) or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 The to the the affirmative when the 00H or 04H, which 00H: of 04H: ID of A-18 Specifications
Interface Specifications Synchronization: Asynchronous DTR or XON/XOFF. EIA-232D to V) to V) DTR and XON/XOFF. or Connector EIA length: or Optional Cut-Sheet Specifications The specifications below apply to the optional cut-sheet (C80683 You the of single-sheet and the cut-sheet as the front or specifications, A-4. Capacity: to of A3 to sheets of to sheets of Other to of Single-sheet to sheets of to or to to A5 Specifications A-19
A5 Operation: to 35C to 95F) to 25C to 77F)* to 60C to 140F) (without Operation: to RH to RH* to RH and inches) (including the Width: inches) Depth: inches) postcards. A-20 Specifications
Sign-off: Command and Character EPSON ESC/P B-2 command B-3 IBM B-6 Character EPSON ESC/P B-7 A5 Command and Character B-1
A5 EPSON ESC/P Selecting EPSON ESC/P software allows to the advanced and graphics the ESC/P Reference operation: ESC@, ESC U, ESC EM feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC CR ESC C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC motion: ESC ESC ESC V, ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC Font selection: ESC ESC ESC X, ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: ESC ESC ESC Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Graphics: ESC G, ESC ESC B-2 Command and Character
and includes the following EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, and POSTNET. the commands below: ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B Function: ESC Select EAN EAN Interleaved of UPC A, UPC E, POSTNET (1/360-inch (1/180-inch The and when POSTNET selected. The of POSTNET inches; the inches. A5 Command and Character B-3
A5 The The character (HRC) The the HRC. The the HRC. of character EAN-13 and UPC-A only) Not to the The of each type The the following characters type of of characters (HEX) characters (HEX) EAN-13 EAN-8 Interleaved of UPC-A UPC-E POSTNET of characters of characters B-4 Command and Character 0D to FF 0C 0C or to FF to FF or 0A or 0C 0C to FF 0B 0B or to FF to FF or or 0B
The of each type below. If included the the printed. type EAN-13 EAN-8 UPC-A UPC-E Interleaved of POSTNET The following unidirectionally. when with neither printed. printed when of the the right and text and text the The and characters of to characters. The of A, B, or C) as the first of and and respectively). C and Interleaved of selected, The POSTNET) inch the A5 41-5A), 2B, 2D, 2E, 2F) A, B, C Command and Character B-5
A5 IBM This the IBM with the following commands. information, the IBM reference operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC U, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC (AGM*), ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (AGM*), CR, ESC ESC C, ESC C0, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC J, ESC (AGM*) Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC I, ESC ESC [I Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP, ESC Character ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC (AGM*) ESC ESC Graphics B-6 Command and Character
Character EPSON ESC/P the EPSON ESC/P the character below selected software commands. character the the as the PC437 through 7F, the PC437 and shown completely. The of the character the characters through FF. The with the areas. PC (USA) A5 Command and Character B-7 A-7
A5 PC PC PC (Canadian-French) PC B-8 Command and Character A-8, A-9 A-10, A-11
PC (Icelandic) BRASCII ISO A5 Command and Character B-9 A-12, A-13 A-14, A-15
A5 PC PC B-10 Command and Character A-16, A-17 A-18, A-19
ISO PC PC ISO 1T A5 Command and Character B-11 A-20, A-21 A-22, A-23
A5 PC PC PC (East MAZOWIA (Poland)* B-12 Command and Character A-24, A-25 A-26, A-27
MJK (CSFR)* PC A5 Command and Character B-13 A-28
A5 PC (LST ISO PC LAT. PC APTEC B-14 Command and Character
PC PC PC AR864 A5 Command and Character B-15 character the character
A5 Characters with the ESC command To the characters the below, the ESC command. The characters the right with PC864 PCAR864 and PCAPTEC International character You of the following international character the ESC command. when the characters the the below the character The following international character selected with the or with the ESC command. B-16 Command and Character A-29, A-30 A-31
The following selected with the ESC command. A5 Command and Character B-17 A-32
A5 B-18 Command and Character
Sign-off: C Contacting Customer United and the of Ireland C-2 C-3 Customer C-3 EPSON C-3 Service and C-4 World C-4 Australian C-5 EPSON FAXBACK C-5 EPSON C-5 URL C-5 C-5 EPSON C-6 C-6 C-7 C-7 board C-7 Technical C-7 C-8 A5 Contacting Customer C-1 C
A5 If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information this services to the following information: of (The the back of the Brand and of software (Click the About or Software application(s) normally with and their number(s): United and the of Ireland If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, (UK) of services and technical the of Ireland, please the when the UK telephone the following the should as from the of Ireland. C-2 Contacting Customer
The the UK or from the of Ireland, or the They the following information: Information and EPSON products from EPSON) Where to purchase EPSON and options Customer Customer team the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty information Customer team, please the Service and Information that with EPSON If this found EPSON service, Service or World below EPSON EPSON Service and specifications the EPSON products information including troubleshooting switch and information To EPSON, touch-tone You to follow to and once and numbers, EPSON of the to A5 Contacting Customer C-3 C
A5 found the that the EPSON and the ID numbers. The to automatically. Service and You the EPSON Service membership required. that software to ANSI and of to Supported include and the that with software and information. first to the Service, and (which yourself). World If to the and browser, World information the EPSON products, software and to C-4 Contacting Customer
Australian EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as this the following information: EPSON FAXBACK EPSON FAXBACK the specifications and EPSON products offered There technical information including of the software and and the through of choices the information to EPSON This where the software and the BBS to the If URL Access the World Worth the You the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON Dont that often and The should the first They often and easily as as the to A5 Contacting Customer C-5 C
A5 EPSON EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of The to the information when The information the the This information includes the EPSON type of operating and other information required. the and below: C-6 Contacting Customer
To technical as as other services, to EPSON Limited. EPSON established both Chinese and English the to with the following information: Product information to of EPSON World board (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: BBS: Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: A5 Contacting Customer C-7 C
A5 To technical as as other services, users to the EPSON Representative Office the telephone and below: BBS: C-8 Contacting Customer
Sign-off: ASCII American Information assigning to and this selected the or the EPSON each (CR) followed (LF) bidirectional which the head both (bidirectionally). This increases the reduce Bidirectional this The of the memory to printed. character of numbers, and that the of characters characters inch of the of text characters. that both perforated and with of that each This from which consists of with the the height of the heads the thickness of the this of the thickness using the EPSON Utility. to function such as or feed. characters inch DR, A5
DR, A5 cut-sheet optional, that of the or that when the turned or initialized. dithering of to or of which each or of The when as the The character high-speed and ESC/P EPSON This the of commands to It EPSON and software computers. ESC/P The of the ESC/P Commands this such as and graphics. of type such as or (FF) and that the to the top-of-form
troubleshooting that the of the and the the it each that and ASCII characters. high-speed of the SelecType or the EPSON High-speed of character to high-speed and interface The the and the which transmitted to the (LQ) The when other than selected. with readability and appearance reduced and high-speed (LF) and that the The to which the loaded. of that with The of the than that of the when the The thickness of this thicker than the with This of of and with to follow instructions type. this the thickness the EPSON Utility. The that the The of which the It than the physical of the to DR, A5
DR, A5 software that commands from the the of To to its of the amount of that represented. of of inch SelecType to functions or the of the when turned or initialized. the of the the the the characters its ROM Memory). tear off that the perforation of to the tear-off and then the back to the top-of-form tear-off The the the to when the Tear or when tear-off the the that the perforation the tear-off top-of-form The the that the as the first This the top-margin which the head only. Unidirectional useful graphics allows You the SelecType or the EPSON bidirectional
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. Phone: EPSON FRANCE S.A. Phone: EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. EPSON IBERICA S.A. Phone: EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. October