of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of Corporation. Microsoft and NT of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights Reference
Chapter Instructions Warnings, and Notes followed to injury. to to Notes information and the of Instructions of these instructions the follow and instructions the Instructions This the head to that this the used. cool touching
the the approximately should or people should the the or or heat the The properly or this or or as this restricts or cover the and the and through the the type of indicated the If of the supply specifications or to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as photocopiers or that switch and off. or cord. The should to and other If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the of the the Instructions
the that with this of another fire or shock. This with this only. with other fire or shock. the the cleaning and with of cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following those that covered the operating instructions. If to the Germany, the following: Instructions If the or If the If the or the If the normally or performance. To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected
the feed using the backward, easily off the and to and humidity, them operating below: the they around the and when that or operating the those that covered the of other technician. off the least seconds turning back otherwise, the off the while the the to and then off the to 25C to 77F) to RH Instructions
off the while the the to and then off the the to that the the head yourself; the Also, other of the when the head replaced. You to the head to the If the the head cool touching NERGY TAR The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused Their and Instructions NERGY TAR that this the NERGY TAR efficiency.
Chapter the Two-Tractor consists of front tractor and tractor. Both tractors easy to and and both of types, including and The to the thickness of the when the to the SelecType SelecType You from inches to inches the automatically. than of the often the front tractor. The front tractor, which to reach, the frequently. that matches the specifications this straight If the the the feed properly. the optional perforation (#C81507X) the from inches to inches
Positioning the supply You from both the front and the rear, to enough around the the of fresh and the supply with the the the smoothly the The following shows three to and with the front loaded, with the rear tractor loaded, and with both tractors loaded. from the front, to the that than the where the placed. the the as the or higher that of with the tractors supply.
What You the below. Loading the Tractor Follow these to the front tractor: Turn off the Tractor Rear Tractor Single-sheet Continuous with
the front cover the of its as shown below. front cover Release the both the right and each to or the from the tractor.
the that the to the of the arrow the the the right to match the of arrow the
the that they spaced the both covers. To the that than four inches the
clean, straight and then the first the the as shown below. The of the that to should facing the covers. the right that the straight and the the the right slightly; this from the front, to the that than the where the placed. the the as the or higher
the front cover slightly and closed. to the too tightly when the right the front directly slightly closing. turning the protective the instructions that with the Turning the while the head seriously the
Turn the The head to the and the LCD Also, the front or tractor arrow the Tractor Select lights which selected when the off the Tractor Select to which selected: If the front arrow light red, the LF/FF to the If the arrow light red, the Front/Rear to switch to the front tractor. the switches tractors, the automatically.
The Tractor Select to The to the top-of-form If the too high or the the the instructions. Loading the Rear Tractor Follow the below to the tractor. (You to the from the front tractor first.) Turn off the the top as shown below.
the the back of the top cover. Release the the tractors right and each rear to or the from the tractor.
the right that the to the right of the arrow the the back. the to approximately match the of arrow the
both covers. clean, straight With the of the to facing through the the of the You to the to the That the with and through with the other. cover
the first the the as shown below. the covers. the to the the straight and the back to the the slightly; this
the top cover and the rear The the Turn the The head to the and the LCD Also, the front or arrow the Tractor Select lights which tractor selected when the turned off the Tractor Select to which selected: to the too tightly when the
The Tractor Select to The to the top-of-form If the too high or the the the instructions. the You the top-of-form as as the the using the and Top of buttons. The then the top-of-form the optional tractor, the as below. If the tractor arrow light red, the LF/FF to the If the front tractor arrow light red, the Front/Rear to switch to the tractor. the switches tractors, the automatically.
The (based the top-of-form software. To the softwares the following software allow the top-of-form The top-of-form the to which the the when or feed. This where the each If the too high or the the top-of-form permanently or temporarily the Top of to permanently the top-of-form the top-of-form using the Top of The the top-of-form the turned off, or initialized. (The top-of-form the front and tractors.) to temporarily the top-of-form the using the buttons without top-of-form The the temporary top-of-form the switch tractors, or off the You the top-of-form from inch) to inch) below the top of the The factory inch). Follow the below to (permanently the top-of-form
To the top-of-form when with or the only; the top-of-form feed through the the turned and the tractor selected (the tractor arrow should the cover. Press the Top of to top-of-form The once, and the Top of light
the buttons to feed the to the top-of-form The A the shows where the of first of text This based the first of If software top of text actually below the top-of-form Press the Top of to and top-of-form Then the top cover. If top-of-form right the and top-of-form the the optional tractor, the the You to the the of or to the top-of-form when
the temporarily the top-of-form the amount. the the of the that half-inch lower, the half-inch as The this temporary top-of-form the switch tractors, or off the To the or top-of-form follow these reach the text that to the the to the buttons to the where of text to Press the once to the or 1/216-inch or to the continuously. To the when with or the only. through the backward, easily off the and finished, the to the Follow the below to the the the SelecType to to the SelecType and the the to to the
that the turned the the below the the the SelecType as shown below. Tearing the Printed the tear-off to the tractor to the tear-off of the You then easily tear off sheets. the back to the top PG PG PG PG On front when the front when using the tractor
This that would normally If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the micro-feed The this tear-off the tear-off to or with the Tear Whether or the tear-off the Tear to to the tear-off following the below. finished. Then the Tear The the to the tear-off and the Tear light Tear off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the tear-off instructions. the the back to the and (You manually feed the back to the the Tear the tear-off If the perforation with the tear-off follow these Turn the and the tractor.
the cover (the the top of the top cover). This the tear-off Press the Tear to the tear-off The Tear light and the the perforation to the tear-off If the with the tear-off the to the or 1/216-inch (You to feed the continuously.) tear-off-edge
Tear off the using the tear-off the top cover. Press the Tear to the back to the top-of-form You ready to tear off the the back to the top-of-form feed than You the tear-off when tear-off the Tear once and the Tear light The the tear-off the turned off, or initialized.
Switching and Rear Tractors You easily switch the front tractor and the rear tractor. The instructions below to switch from the front to the tractor, follow the to switch from the rear to the front tractor. switch tractors the First the tearing off the fresh supply below the tractor and LF/FF to the the turned and that the front tractor selected (the front tractor arrow the Tractor Select should If the of the to switch tractors. Then follow these If the tractor, to the (the first of the Loading the Rear Tractor instructions.
If or the the tear-off the previous section to tear off the or Press the Front/Rear to switch to the tractor. The front-loaded back to the and the to the top-of-form tear off the and switching tractors. than through the
the This section to the front tractor, follow the when the the tractor. the turned and the front tractor selected. (If the the tractor, the rear tractor should selected instead.) this with or already the the tearing off the fresh supply below the tractor and LF/FF to the Then the Loading the Tractor (or Loading the Rear Tractor instructions. If the the tear-off to tear off the or tear off the than through the
Press the Front/Rear to switch to the tractor. The front-loaded back to the the front cover. (To the rear-loaded the top cover and the rear
the covers and the from the tractor. cover the Loading the Rear Tractor (or Loading the Tractor instructions. and both single-sheet and as as You of including and of thicknesses, from thin to sheets (or the tractor) including the The to the thickness of when the to the SelecType SelecType and the positioning of text the the information You should both and software or
If using or to the optional tractor. the Tractor that within the of the to to the head. information the You or carbon-backed) with to sheets, including the the tractor. On the front tractor, with to sheets. You the other type of however, the straight and or tear Loading the Tractor or Loading the Rear Tractor instructions.
The DFX-9000 that thickness, such as with them or that slightly where they together. These thicker the and the where they or together, as shown below. with the with to On the to On and the to to to the thickness the the SelecType to the or Continuous with to On the respective the the SelecType instructions. these that the fits within the and that the top-of-form properly. information about the Continuous with
selecting choose the type mounted with with tractor. Loading the Tractor instructions the Tear Front/Rear or when the through the they easily off the and the Although feed backward, the features follow these Instead of using the Tear to the LF/FF the the where tear off easily. using the Front/Rear to switch tractors or the supply of tearing off the fresh perforation below the tractor. Then the LF/FF to the the top-of-form or only the to and humidity, them only operating
Chapter Software About Software The software includes the software and EPSON The software that allows to the You to the software of the EPSON allows to the of when and with troubleshooting EPSON when the If to EPSON EPSON instructions. The with EPSON proceeding, the the the software to ESC/P. The software and EPSON function ESC/P Software
the with and You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from applications information. the from the the apply to applications. Accessing the from the information. the to and While the with the that the match Accessing the from Follow these to the from Software
Select or from the of software. the or displayed, that selected the Software
Click or (The and to of these buttons.) The appears, and the Graphics, and These the To the the top of the the information to the Accessing the from the Follow these to the from the Click the and then to Click Software
Right-click and The displays the which the Graphics, and These the To the the top of the the information to the the Graphics, Utility, and of the You right-clicking items the and selecting Whats this? Software
OK to apply the or to the to their Once and ready to the with XP, and NT You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from applications information. the from the the apply to applications. Accessing the from the information. To and the While the with the that the match Software
Accessing the from Follow these to the from The the following section from the operating They appearance from what actually appears however, the instructions the Select or from the of software. the or displayed, that selected the Software
Click or (The and to of these buttons.) The appears, and the and Paper/Quality These the Software
To the the top of the the to the Accessing the from the Follow these to the from the The this from the operating They appearance from what actually appears however, the instructions the Click the and then to Click Software
Right-click and Preferences XP or or NT The displays the which the and Paper/Quality These the Software
To the the top of the information to the the from which the and Paper/Quality. You the the software. of the You right-clicking items the and selecting Whats this? the displayed right-clicking the the appears, which includes to the Software
OK to apply the or to Once and them necessary, ready to The following the that of Software
Explanations Select the of the to If the to through the If included the Definition of Custom instructions. Select or Source Select the to Graphics Select the The higher the select, the however, increasing the Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of the to or Quality Select option from the If to On, bidirectional and increase. to the to with the the the Setup.../Halftone Click this to the and input the RGB or other The appears. the this Select the type of to when graphics. To the the halftone Select. Software
Explanations Fonts Select character to You of three character Expanded, and Text as Select when the the and Graphics* On when the the Select whether to EMF Select whether to from front to back or back to front. Select the of that to Copy Count* than the of this appears and whether to the of the Advanced Select or the Features* Select when the the Optimizations* and when the the Definition of Custom If included the the to the Software or Expanded selected, the the Expanded includes than selected, the instead of the the which included each
and Click Custom or and the the that appears. XP, and NT or NT to and to Click the EPSON DFX-9000 ESC/P Select from the the New the the Click From and then OK XP Professional, and and XP Edition, and then and Software
Explanations EPSON You EPSON when this To the the the selected. Click this to the Preferences Preferences where EPSON EPSON information. EPSON EPSON XP, and NT It allows to when and troubleshooting instructions when EPSON when: The connected directly to the the [LPT1] or the USB to bidirectional EPSON when the as the If the using the and Print EPSON function properly. If to EPSON the as the Software
EPSON to the README the CD-ROM. This the information the EPSON Follow these to EPSON the as the with and or the with XP, and NT Click the Preferences The Preferences appears. Software
The following Accessing EPSON of the following to EPSON Double-click the printer-shaped shortcut the To shortcut to the to the and follow the instructions. the then the EPSON To to the the with and or the with XP, and NT Software Select the item On/Off Select Shortcut The selected the The shown the right clicking the shortcut the Preferences easily. Allow this selected, of other Click the to items to the Turn this to the selected when this selected.
EPSON as the following appears. You information this EPSON Follow the below to EPSON that the off and that the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM Click the software appears, the then Click Custom If the selection appears, country. If the EPSON appear automatically, the right-click the CD-ROM OPEN the that appears, then Software
Select the EPSON then the that appears, that selected, and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. the OK Network the This section to the The that directly connected to of them. The that directly connected to the the and the other the which to the with the The the the According to the of OS and rights the the of the and the or With or XP, or NT With XP, or NT Software
the or With or XP or With XP or NT With NT the to EPSON that the the EPSON or the the Network and that the and Microsoft Then, the and that the or the TCP/IP The and should the and they should the The on-screen displays the following the of OS. as With or the OS or follow these to the Click to and Double-click the Network Software
Click and the Select the to to allow others to to printer(s). then OK Click OK to the Double-click the the Right-click and Sharing the that appears. Select Shared type the the and OK and Software the appears, the or CD-ROM the Click OK and then follow the on-screen instructions. the to the appears, the and with the or the or
You to the that they the the following With or With XP or With NT With XP, or NT the OS XP, or NT follow these to the You XP, or NT as the of the or NT to and XP Professional and and XP Edition then and Right-click and the that appears. the to EPSON that the shared the EPSON Software
or NT Shared as or Shared NT then type the the and OK Software XP, the following appears, Network or If the security to without the follow the on-screen instructions.
You to the that they the the following With or With XP or With NT the This section to the the To the to the as or or With XP, or NT XP, or NT XP this then type the the and OK or hyphens the or Software
This section to the the (Microsoft If the shared to the the of the This section to the the from the You the from Network Neighborhood or Network the to the EPSON to both of the and the EPSON each from the CD-ROM. With or Follow these to or Click to and Double-click the then Next Select Network then Next Click and the appears. Software You type \\(the of the that locally connected to the printer)\(the shared the Network or
Click the or that connected to the and the of the Then OK Click Next of the of the shared and whether to the as the or Click OK and then follow the on-screen instructions. The of the the or that connected to the To of the of the shared the of the If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the If the OS or to the If the OS or to the from the CD-ROM Software
With XP or Follow these to XP or You the of the or rights the click to and XP Professional and and XP Edition then and the then Next Software You the that appears the XP, the the
Select Network or or attached to another XP), then Next the or Next to then Next You type the or the such as \\(the of the that locally connected to the shared printer)\(the XP, then Next Software
Click the of the or that connected to the and the of the Then Next whether to the as the or then OK Software The of the the or that connected to the To of the of the the of the If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the If the OS XP or to the If the OS XP or to the from the CD-ROM XP, another whether to the as the or then OK.
of the then With NT Follow these to NT You the of the shared or rights the Click to and Double-click the Select Network then Next Software
Click the of the or that connected to the shared and the of the Then OK Software You type \\(the of the that locally connected to the printer)\(the shared Network or The of the the or that connected to the shared To of the of the shared the of the If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the If the OS NT to the If the OS NT to the from the CD-ROM
Select whether to the as the or then OK Click the from the CD-ROM This section to the the when the of the and OS. The on-screen displays the following the of OS. XP, or NT XP, or NT with the If the of the and the OS, to the from the CD-ROM. Access the and appear. Click OK and then follow the on-screen instructions to the from the CD-ROM. the CD-ROM, then the EPSON appears. the clicking then type the and which the located, then OK Software
the of the then OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. If to EPSON EPSON instructions. Canceling If the what expected and incorrect or characters or to the displayed the follow the instructions below to Double-click the the then the Software XP or found. appear. Click or XP) and The the OS used. OS XP, NT \<Language>\WINNT40
or or XP, or NT the specified to and or or XP, or NT the Uninstalling the Software to or the the that already. Uninstalling the and EPSON applications. Click to and The canceled. Software
Double-click the Select EPSON Software and the Software the XP or or the EPSON Software then Change/Remove
Click the the EPSON DFX-9000 ESC/P then OK If the displayed If EPSON the displayed Follow the on-screen instructions. Uninstalling the USB the to with USB interface the USB the to the USB You the of EPSON the the of from EPSON Software
Follow these to the USB Uninstall the the USB Once the USB other with USB interface Follow through of Uninstalling the Software Select EPSON USB Devices and Software EPSON USB Devices appears when the connected to or with USB interface
Follow the on-screen instructions. the to If the USB correctly, EPSON USB appear. Follow these to the the CD-ROM. the CD-ROM CD-ROM the CD-ROM Double-click the or Double-click the Software
Chapter and Lights Tractor Select Tractor Select Rear On when the front selected. The light when loaded, and when the tractor of On when the tractor selected. The light when loaded, and when the tractor of
Front/Rear Font Item Pitch Item Selects the front or rear tractor. If using tractor, first the this to switch the tractor. Selects of the To Selecting Font and Pitch the the SelecType and the as Item You the Item to the the both the Font and Pitch buttons the clears and to its Selects of the pitch To pitch, Selecting Font and Pitch the the SelecType and the as Item You the Item to the the
Tear to the tear-off the the SelecType and the as the You the to the previous of the Tear light On when the the tear-off the Tear and Top of the the or the SelecType and the the the SelecType
Top of LF/FF buttons the top-of-form and the top-of-form it with the buttons. the the SelecType and the as the You the to the of the Top of light On when the the top-of-form and tear-off Loads when the of when Advances to the top-of-form when seconds. the such as the top-of-form and tear-off
light Selecting Font and Pitch You each of the and pitches using the buttons the as below. usually from the to and other The pitch the select. the below information. temporarily, and when light On when the Flashes when the head overheats. On when the of Flashes when or the to Font Pitch HSD PS
that the Press the Font The first displayed the LCD. Press the the that to displayed. The LCD back to the seconds and the selected Press the Pitch The first displayed the LCD. Press the Pitch the pitch that to displayed. The LCD back to the seconds and the pitch selected About You that with the While often these through software or to from the the SelecType and of the the SelecType and the instructions the the the This section the and options the SelecType and Font Pitch PS PS
SelecType The that the SelecType shown the following and the English Spanish, rear inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches front tractor inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches inches, inches On perforation inches inches to to Right to On tear off On feed ESC/P IBM PPDS Software On USB, Optional I/F (Interface) seconds seconds I/F (Interface) On I/F bi-directional
BPS BPS, BPS, BPS, BPS, BPS, BPS PC437 PC850, PC860, Character PC863, PC865, PC861, BRASCII, ISO PC858, ISO U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, Spain CR (IBM PPDS) On Table Table IBM character (IBM PPDS) On On On On On On Continuous with On IP PING NLSP PC437 PC850, PC860, PC863, PC865, PC861, BRASCII, ISO PC858, ISO PC437 PC853, PC855, PC852, PC857, PC866, PC869, MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO 1T, PC774, ISO PC866 LAT., PC866 UKR, PC APTEC, PC708, PC720, PCAR864, PC771, PC437 PC MC, PC1250, PC1251, U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy,
IP to to to this displayed, the (Top of to This only IBM PPDS This when the optional perforation (#C81570X) These when the optional This when the optional and the IP to or PING This appears the (Tear and Top of buttons the SelecType tractor This allows to the inches) the the tractor. front This allows to the inches) the the front tractor. perforation this the one-inch the and the first the from the should this top and
You inches or inches This allows to the from the The of of the pitch that Right This allows to the from the right The of of the pitch that This allows to the thickness. the to the thickness of the loaded. If to manually, to to to the thickness tear off tear off and with the front or tractor, the the perforation to the tear-off where easily tear off the the the back to the top-of-form and of the tear off off and with the front or tractor, to the perforation to the tear-off manually the Tear and buttons. Tearing the Printed information.
feed the each (CR) with (LF) You bidirectional or normally bidirectional; however, allows Software ESC/P the operates the EPSON ESC/P IBM PPDS the IBM The character when this when this off. The allows to easily distinguish the O and I/F (Interface) The optional interface to its built-in interface, interface, and USB interface. You choose USB or Optional the interface the selects the interface that and that interface the of the The allows to the without the interface If connected to the USB or Optional which interface
I/F (Interface) the the interface and from the currently selected interface the amount of specified with this which interface and switches to that interface. You specify seconds or seconds the interface I/F The Interface bidirectional when this If bidirectional unnecessary, this off. to when from the included the Software CD-ROM that with the Turn this off while from based other operating such as DOS. This only when interface. this option to the the interface. The measured and software the This when interface. The to and the this option to the to this option to the to the the detected.
This when interface. the of the interface to or and software the Character You character including international character the character This when without using the the the the CR (IBM PPDS) This IBM PPDS each (LF) or ESC (CR) the the to the this off, CR the feed to the to the IBM character (IBM PPDS) This IBM PPDS You Table or the IBM character The when the information If the to when off this
this to On the reduced, the This function when the optional perforation (#C81570X) the this to On the perforation each the perforation automatically. the following when this the least inches the top of using the Top of the the buttons. with and If the through the This function when the optional perforation (#C81570X) the this the each the perforation and the to the top-of-form while this to On that thickness.
with this to On with You the the the this to On the head the the right and of feeding. This feeding and IP This when the optional You the of the IP Select to the IP from the the IP from the information the when this to or the that IP This when the optional and the IP to or You the IP with this This when the optional You the with this This when the optional You the with this
This appears the Tear and Top of buttons the SelecType the the SelecType You with and the the These shown the following with The following when the Continuous with to On the SelecType First top to inches) to inches) to inch) to inch) PG to PG to
function Unlock function Unlock, function Unlock LF function Unlock, FF function Unlock, Top of function Unlock, Tear function Unlock Font function Unlock, Pitch function Unlock, Front/Rear function Unlock, function function Unlock, If to Unlock, the of the If to the when the the the the the SelecType The following shows the basic function of each the SelecType function Tear and Top or the SelecType of buttons Item Selects the previous
Follow these to the SelecType and the If off the to exiting the SelecType and loaded. Press the Tear and Top of buttons to the SelecType mode.The LCD displays the selected this If the selected, the Tear or Top of the LCD displays the Press the Item Pitch to the If the Top of to the Press the Item Font or Item Pitch to the which to function Item (Pitch) Selects the (Tear Select the the selected (Top of Select the the selected The other and such as and
Press the Tear or Top of to the within the selected the the selected to the to to other the Item or Item or the SelecType the Tear and Top of buttons. The LCD displays If to the the Tear If to the the Top of You the holding the Item Font or Item Pitch seconds. You the holding the Tear or Top of seconds. The selection to the first the selection of the The the SelecType If off the to exiting the SelecType and
the the The following shows the function of each the Follow these to the and the If off the to exiting the that off the and off the Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise, the Turn the while holding the Font to the The appears the LCD function Item Selects the Item (Pitch) Selects the (Tear Select the previous the selected (Top of Select the the selected The instructions and the that the SelecType If to the the the SelecType the the SelecType
Select of the three the Tear or Top of If the Item Pitch to the Press the Tear or Top of to the within the selected the the selected to the to to other the Item or the Item or the off the You holding the Tear or Top of seconds. If or the Item Font or Item Pitch to the items which to and to the You the the Item Font or Item Pitch seconds. You the Tear or Top of seconds. The selection to the first the selection of the The the and the
You the of buttons the using the lock-out the only the and Tear buttons, when the lock-out You which buttons when the the the the instructions to the Turning or off the lock-out You or off the lock-out easily the Follow these to the lock-out the turned off. Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise, the Turn the while holding both the Font and Pitch buttons. The indicating that the lock-out turned To off the lock-out and The once, indicating that the lock-out turned off. the the instructions to the to locked.
the that related to USB Correcting USB If USB related, troubleshooting easy first the then apply the fixed. The information that to and the EPSON or or to the section below. If relating to related to or feeding or the to the section this chapter. To to Canceling
the You the lights the and the LCD If and or lights or flashing and appears the LCD or the the following to and the If this and State of lights and the LCD Switching completed Ribbon the selected tractor. The correctly. Continuous to the the The to the Ribbon the or tractor the Front/Rear and correctly. Tear off the the perforation; then the LF/FF The the to the To clear the Clearing the the top of and the or Front/Rear and the the Ribbon Cartridge instructions.
State of lights and the LCD Ribbon head Please Turn off Tear Top of Rear flashing of (three of The once when the function EPSON EPSON and graphic showing the of the Ribbon The top The head overheated. unknown occurred. the and the the Ribbon Cartridge instructions. the cover. the once the head Turn off the and off then the If the
If while appears the the whether the or the causing the If the satisfactory, the properly and the from or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the and and to the Follow these to that the turned off and that the the front or tractor. Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the To the the the while holding the LF/FF To the the NLQ the Top of while the Either the of however, the than the NLQ seconds, the the and the of characters printed.
To the the to Tear off the necessary, and then off the off the while the the to and then off the If user or to isolate the and software the from the as The with DOS-based PC. Follow these to and the turned off. off the least seconds turning back otherwise the To turn the while holding the Top of and LF/FF buttons. To temporarily the the To the the
software and to the the To turn off the and then off the off the while the the to and then off the and while operating the information this section to the of and to that supply or feeding or the characters the right with the of the the the receiving. If characters they appear the right as ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as
Network You the to whether the or the causing the instructions To to the To clear Clearing supply The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of the and the outlet ratings. If the match, the immediately and Warning: the to outlet that the The and the lights off when the What to The properly the outlet or Turn off the and the the outlet and the necessary. Then the
The or feeding The or properly. What to Continuous Loading the properly. Tractor or Loading the Rear Tractor instructions with the to The tractor the arrow selected. the Tractor Select The of the tractor. The arrow the Tractor Select should The feed to the What to If the selected, to the the to Then the Front/Rear to switch to that tractor.
You torn off the the LF/FF switch front and tractors, the or the the back to the What to The the tear off to tear off the too or that the to Then the Front/Rear to switch tractors. You trying to switch tractors when the switch front and tractors, the the selected tractor. What to The of the tractor. The tractor arrow the Tractor Select should Tear off the the perforation. Then the LF/FF to the to the when they backward, the switch tractors. To the tear off the fresh supply below the and the LF/FF to the
top-of-form appears too high or the What to The software or match the of the The the front or tractor match the of the The top or top-of-form Check and the or incorrect. top-of-form software. the The to selected software. the or the the front or tractor using the SelecType the the SelecType You the top-of-form the buttons the with the the top-of-form Choose the from the or
tear-off The (or too from) the perforation of What to The tear-off the tear-off the incorrect. buttons the the top-of-form The to Choose the from the selected software. or The or match the of the The the front or rear match the of the the or the the front or tractor the SelecType the the SelecType
or The What to The interface or that the interface twisted. or twisted. If another interface the and whether the correctly. The connected directly to or the correctly to the of these that the correctly when connected to without these The that the correctly. properly. If necessary, the or the Turn the off, the or cover and the or things that The USB incorrect. Confirm the USB correct. Correcting USB The Turn the off and while. Then, the and
The when the What to Press the to off the The light. The interface that both of the securely. the and the securely. If the connected correctly, as interface the and/or specifications. software properly Select from the or If necessary, or the software as illustrated the The nothing or abruptly. What to The too the or the properly. interface that the of both the and and the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as the section the Ribbon Cartridge
The What to The the as the Ribbon Cartridge The What to The the as the Ribbon Cartridge of the or What to The too the or the properly. The the as the Ribbon Cartridge of the What to The head Stop and to the head replaced. the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as the Ribbon Cartridge
the head yourself; the Also, other of the when the head replaced. the text the What to feed Turn the the of each of the that the to each the the SelecType The of What to feed commands the of each of the The software incorrect. The incorrect or other characters. What to and that the correctly. interface and that the correct. and Turn off the the SelecType the the SelecType the software.
The character Select the character selected software. software or the SelecType The character software the SelecType The to Choose the from the selected software or software correctly Software the or the buttons. What to Bidirectional which the of that software correctly If necessary, or the software as illustrated the software to the the bidirectional to this Printout
Option The perforation and the properly. What to The perforation securely the The perforation and the properly. What to The Select the to correctly. the You the the to On the the You the the Rear tractor or to match tractor to match feed smoothly. What to The perforation the perforation and then correctly the mounting notches and together properly. the tractor instructions. Turn off the then the perforation
Network the network interface or from the What to The or Correcting USB If using with USB the information this section. to as the the that If the otherwise, the interface of the to whether or from other through the the executed, the or the the and the and of the executed, incorrect.
that XP, or XP, or You to or the USB which with USB or which from to XP, or about that EPSON USB Devices appears the and only) If the plug-and-play the the USB or the incorrectly installed. Follow these to the and the Turn the and the USB the and the Right-click the then Click the
If correctly EPSON USB Devices should appear the If EPSON USB Devices appear the the Other to the If USB appears Other the USB correctly. If EPSON DFX-9000 appears, the correctly. If USB or EPSON DFX-9000 appear Other Refresh or the USB from the then it the
Other USB or EPSON DFX-9000 and Then, OK the following appears, OK Then OK to the Turn off the and Then, the from the following the instructions the
correctly with the USB If correctly with the USB or of these that the shielded USB If USB the to the first of the or the directly to the USB or the USB and the software. EPSON Software the the then EPSON USB Devices Next, the software as illustrated the If EPSON USB Devices the the CD-ROM and or Then follow the on-screen instructions. Clearing Follow these to clear Turn off the The off when the switch to the the front cover or top cover the tractor Tear off the supply the perforation. Gently the of the of
the and the the light flashing and the light off. Printout If that the properly the bidirectional to this bidirectional the three of High and NLQ below, the from each The instructions the that the SelecType If to the of the instructions, the the SelecType the the SelecType instructions. Follow these to the bidirectional loaded, then off the off the least seconds turning back otherwise the While holding the the The the bidirectional and then instructions and the first of
the instructions, the and the with the the Font Item or Pitch Item The LCD shows the that selected the Press the Top of to the selected and the of printed. Select the with the each of the of the the of and selection the Top of off the and the bidirectional Canceling If while to You from the or from the the To from Canceling the Pressing the Font Item and Pitch Item the clears the from the active interface, and clears that occurred the interface.
This the to to to the Contacting Customer If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services Warranty information to EPSON Customer They to them the following information: Product (The usually the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with
Technical to and the section of EPSON the and other downloadables. Technical with that the troubleshooting information
Chapter and Ribbon Cartridge becomes to the and to properly with They operation and of the head and other the following the Ribbon Cartridge becomes too to the ribbon. the S015384 only. Warning: If the recently, the head cool to the ribbon. To the follow these Press the Then off the and S015384
the cover and the head to the the off the head as shown below. and
the of the as shown below to release from the mounting the and from the from the of the and and the white beneath the
the with both and the as shown below. the the notches the the the the other the mounting the Press lightly both of the to and
the the each of the head as shown below. The of the should top, with its facing back the Turn the ribbon-tightening to the ribbon. the head from to to that smoothly and that the twisted or creased. and head
the top cover. the Tractor The optional tractor (C800382) The with and the with the front or built-in tractor, as this section. the the tear-off the To the tractor, cross-head screwdriver. If to the with the built-in tractor, should the rear the tractor. Loading the Rear Tractor instructions. and
Turn off the and the cover. cross-head screwdriver to the screws the to the Then the off the and
the and the top cover. the with its to the the tractors front notches the mounting of the and
Then the tractor back its the mounting the top cover. the tractor with the front tractor If or with than (including the should the tractor with the built-in front tractor. You switch the front and tractors when using the tractor. the Front/Rear and then the LF/FF to the the to the tractor. To tear off the LF/FF to the to where torn off. To the with the front tractor, follow these Turn the and the top cover. and
the front tractor to the top-of-form If already the the the Front/Rear or LF/FF which tractor selected) to the to the top-of-form (If the front tractor, Loading the Tractor instructions.) Once the front tractor, the LF/FF to the to the tractor. Release both the tractor them Then both covers. the to match the of and
the they spaced the the of the the If there the or the the properly with the the slightly and the tractor to the of the as shown below. the to the right first, and then as necessary. and the with than four inches the the the built-in front tractor and the optional
the covers. the the straight and smooth, and then the the top-of-form necessary. the top-of-form instructions. the top cover. Press the LF/FF to the the back of the the of the first below the the too they the too tightly or tear the of the To release the right and and
the with the If or with than (including the the tractor; the front tractor. the with the front tractor You switch the front and tractors when the tractor. the Front/Rear and then the LF/FF to feed the the to the tractor. To tear off the LF/FF to the to where torn off. The following to using the optional tractor (already with the built-in tractor. If the tractor, the and then the tractor. the tractor instructions. Turn off the then the top cover. the the tractor to release the tractor. and If the tractor, the top-of-form or to
the that its the of the the following through of Loading the Rear Tractor Then the back the the rear mounting Turn the and the LF/FF to the to the tractor. follow through of the tractor with the front tractor and
Removing the tractor To the cross-head screwdriver and the that originally the the and off the the top and the that the the these to release the tractor. Then the tractor and of the the top cover and the cover. and
cross-head screwdriver to the screws the to the Then the that with the tractor. the screws, the and the cover. the Perforation The optional perforation (#C81507X) off the perforation of the perforation to the to match The perforation with the perforated and the perforated Attaching the perforated output and to the perforated and the the perforation or with that the thickness and perforation within the specified the specifications A. the least inches and inches the using with the perforation that with and or and
If to from the tractor, to enough around the the attached perforated and the and the of fresh supply with the the the smoothly the The following shows to with the loaded. the perforation The below to the perforation You cross-head screwdriver. If to the perforation with the built-in tractor, to the the perforation Loading the Rear Tractor instructions. and
Turn off the and the cover. cross-head screwdriver to the screws the to the Then off the the and screws and
the cover. Then the rear and the top cover. the perforation its with the facing to the right. Then the perforation the the back of the the the of the perforation the notches the the perforation back the perforation and
the perforation securely the the Then the top cover. the Attaching the perforated and The perforation with the perforated and the perforated sheets. You to of or the turned the and
allow the to than sheets of or the the when of and to the To the perforated and the follow these the cover and the as shown below. and
the cover and the the to the of You ready to the perforation as the section. You the top while the perforated and the attached. If to the top cover, to them first. ready to the the rear tractor, first the perforation the perforation instructions. and inches or third to inches fourth inches or
This section to the perforation with with the perforation installed, the to match software or the SelecType the the SelecType EPSON recommends that the perforation when using the perforation The completely. If this of the The perforation the inches of Cutting off printed You off of the following If the through the the the SelecType the to On the SelecType the the SelecType instructions. and You the following from the Tractor Tractor Tractor each Tractor Rear: Tractor Rear: Tractor Rear: each
Select the tear-off as follows: finished. the cover. You the perforation tear-off Press the Tear to tear-off The the perforation to the perforation tear-off If the with the tear-off the tear-off the buttons. Press the Tear The off and the fresh back to the top-of-form Switching tractors To switch tractors when the perforation follow these the turned If the of the to switch tractors. If the to Loading the Tractor or Loading the Rear Tractor instructions. Press the Front/Rear to switch to the other tractor. The off the printed the the tractor to the and then the the other to the and
the perforation To the perforation follow the below. the perforation its and off the as the previous section. Turn off the and the cover. the perforated and the from the and
the top cover. Then the from the the the perforation and the perforation and of the and
the top cover and the cover. the the screws that the cover. and
Interface Cards You optional interface to built-in and interfaces. The EPSON interface below with (Not of these interfaces The the which country. If whether optional interface or to know about interfaces, EPSON interface function that allows to to than interface the the SelecType Coax and interfaces the to with IBM or or This allows EPSON to function as IBM without the of other or C82305 /C82306 interface C82307 /C82308 32KB interface C82312 interface C82313 32KB IEEE-488 interface C82314 interface C82315 interface C82345 IEEE-1284 interface C82435 Int. and
interface Follow the below to optional interface If optional interface the interface the SelecType the the SelecType Turn off both and Then and interface from the Turn the that the rear cover the cover. to switches and the as necessary. the interface that JG to or the properly. (To the to cover both wires of the with the and cover
screwdriver to the screws the interface shield the shield the interface the the interface to to the the interface with the screws with the the the interface as shown. and
the other of the the interface cover. the and interface To interface (C82305 or C82306 the sections below to the and other such as and interface Selecting You from the following and second). To the the bit-rate selection interface the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) to that the increases to bytes, the X-ON or the DTR to (SPACE) to that ready to the The other including and and
You this as the interface the with this option instructions and The following used: Int. (C82435 the IP from the Follow the below to the IP the Turn the Press the Tear and Top of buttons to the SelecType Press the Item Font or Item Pitch to the IP and the to the Tear or Top of Press the Item Pitch to the IP the the IP using the Tear or Top of Press the Item Pitch to the and the using the Tear or Top of the the IP and
the SM to and GW to the as the IP to Confirm the that selected the IP to SM to and GW to correctly the Tear and Top of buttons. The LCD displays If to the the Tear If to the the Top of Turn off the and
Product Information switch front cover front Product Information
Product Information top cover
USB interface interface head interface cover cover cover Product Information
Specifications Mechanical High Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected using software commands. spacing: 1/6-inch or 1/432-inch (NLQ) (front, rear) and tractor required) (front, rear) Continuous inches/second Product Information NLQ inch
head) and Height inches) Ribbon: Black S015384 Acoustic (A) (ISO head characters dots/character) inches) inches) Ribbon characters dots/character) MTBF POH duty) Product Information
Interfaces: One bidirectional, interface with IEEE USB interface and optional interface 128KB Product Information EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET
Character One and graphics character PC (US, PC PC PC (Icelandic), PC (Nordic), PC (Canadian-French), BRASCII, ISO PC ISO Expanded One and graphics character PC (US, PC PC PC (Icelandic), PC (Nordic), PC (Canadian-French), BRASCII, ISO PC ISO PC PC (Eastern PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA (Poland), MJK (CSFR), ISO ISO 1T PC (LST PC ISO PC LAT. PC UKR PC437 PC MC, PC1250, PC1251, PC APTEC PC PC PC AR Product Information
Character international character and character Rated to to Rated to to Rated A) (ISO/IEC Product Information USA, Germany, UK, I, Italy, I, II, II, America,
recycled with and and below. that curled, or crumpled. Continuous sheets and with than The ratio of the the perforation should and to 35C to 95F) to RH or to 60C to to RH 140F) to 25C to 77F) Humidity: to RH (without to 25C to 77F) to RH Product Information
If the and perforation the below. The thickness of the perforation when should or The perforation should the to the of the the should or the of the should or Product Information or C or
the illustrated below. first C Colored should pre-printed. Product Information
sheets): Thickness Quality and with or both Continuous forms): Thickness Quality or carbon-backed with or both Product Information Rear (inch) (inch) (inch) Rear (inch) (inch) (inch)
thick such as with than with the tractor. of should securely together the and right or the below Product Information
both both and Product Information inch) or inch) or inch) or inch) or C
that with or of of Thickness of thickness Quality or the sheets. recommends whose covered with (inch) (inch) (inch) (inch) Rear Product Information
whose covered with whose sheet covered with Continuous with of Product Information Rear (inch) C There should each Corners should C inches) or inch) or R2.5 inch) or
of sheet thickness Rear (inch) (inch) sheet C thickness: inch) or (Rear Entry) inch) or Entry) Product Information
of of thickness Product Information Rear (inch) (inch) (inch) inch) or From the perforation to the of the inch) or C From the perforation to the top of the inch) or From the perforation to the of the inch) or thickness including inch) or (Rear Entry) inch) or Entry)
Printable that than inches the inch) of type. the to than that when or with that than inches while the optional tractor the to inch) or with the front tractor, the front tractor to inches or The top and and below the perforation) inch). The and right inch). Product Information
Continuous with Product Information The top inch). The and right inch). C The top and inch). The and right inch). The top and inch). The and right inch). C The top from inch) The from inch) The and right from inches) The top and inch) The and right inch)
Command the following EPSON ESC/P and IBM PPDS information about the commands, Customer Services. Contacting Customer Support EPSON ESC/P Selecting EPSON ESC/P software allows to and graphics. The top inch) The inch). C The and right inch). Product Information
operation: ESC ESC U, ESC EM F/B/C/A/V feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC A, CR ESC (C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC O, ESC (U motion: ESC ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC Font selection: ESC ESC ESC ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC4, SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC Spacing: ESC Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC I, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC ESC (B Production ESC Product Information
IBM PPDS This the IBM the commands below. operation: feeding: motion: Font selection: Font Spacing: Character NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC [K, ESC U, ESC [F FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC ESC ESC ESC CR, ESC ESC C, ESC C0, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC I, ESC ESC [I DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC BS, SP ESC ESC ESC [T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC ESC ESC Product Information
Download: ESC only) and Universal (UPS) UL60950 EMC FCC Australian EMC AS/NZS CISPR22 Class Cleaning the To operating its should clean thoroughly Follow these to the Product Information CSA C22.2 EN CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR22 Class EN Class EN EN EN
the and off the that of its covers closed. the If optional tractor or perforation to and from the outer. If the or with cloth with the and front cover closed to from the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the the of the with the think Transporting the If to it using the and Follow these to the its to the or or Product Information
Warning: You to the head hand to the If the the head cool touching the the off. the from the then the interface from the the If options them and them their boxes. the head Then the that covers of the closed. Repack the and necessary) their and them the Product Information
this option turned the SelecType each (CR) (LF) bidirectional which the head both (bidirectionally) from to right and then right to This increases the reduce character of numbers, and that with the of characters characters inch The of characters that inch of text the of the characters. pitch that both perforated and to such as or feed, instead of characters. characters inch that when (such as turned or initialized. dithering halftoning which to or Dithering with such as charts and halftoning of which each or of
The when as the The character (NLQ) ESC/P EPSON the of commands to It and software computers. of type such as or feed (FF) and that the to the top-of-form halftoning of to to of or nearly of of dithering troubleshooting that the of the and the the each that as as ASCII that characters. interface The the and the through which transmitted to the that oriented the This that than high and spreadsheets. (LF) and that the
function function that allows to precisely the tear-off, top-of-form, and (NLQ) The to readability and appearance. pitch The of the which measured the of characters inch The characters inch that oriented upright the (as to which the This the or software that commands the of of the amount of that represented. of measured the of inch the of the the internally printed. The of when attached to the tractor the tear-off The of where tear off the tear-off the function, the tear-off that the perforation with the tear-off top-of-form The the that the as the first This the top the function, the top-of-form
which the head only. Unidirectional graphics You using the SelecType bidirectional