(this to the and the software. Reference information the optional products, software, troubleshooting, and technical specifications. You this directly from the CD, or and from summary of information to the information and instructions the software that when the software. Where to Information
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P2 of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft, and NT of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
the This consists of three The first and the chapters to and the software. The chapter and information. to follow the instructions to and of and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the operation of the
the Follow the instructions this chapter to and Unpacking the the items shown the below, the should include EPSON software CD-ROM and Notice the permanently attached to the Also, the of the the country of purchase; the the right location. the
There of the and to the with another If the the back of the the country, You protective around and and the Follow the the Notice with the to these and protective to the the It should its Choosing the Follow these when selecting location the The properly or the where easily to interface necessary. around the easy and or the to and humidity. from sunlight, light, heat or or to and the outlet where easily the cord. the
outlets switches or timers. information the memory of or outlets the as or other that fluctuations. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded If to follow these that this least that the The should and interface they with feeding. If the to of the French-speaking users: fiche the
Assembling the Follow the this section to the and the the Follow these to the the cover holding the both of the cover and the
the of the slightly to the the with both and the both of the mounting the as shown below. Then the the cover. the
the Ribbon Cartridge EPSON the of EPSON (S015139/S015066 S015067 Products EPSON to which covered warranties. Follow these to the Warning: You to the head to the If the the head cool touching the the cover holding the both of the cover and the
the the head to the shown the below. Warning: the head while the this the the
the from the and the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to from the to the with the where the facing and the ribbon-tightening facing the front of the the shown below, the the head, and the from to right that the both of the the notches the
Turn the ribbon-tightening to the that the freely. the and the cover. the
Connecting the to includes both IEEE-1284-compatible interface and USB (Universal interface. optional type of interface. the Reference information optional interface cards. to the interface as below. You to both interfaces; the switches to the interface when manually of the interfaces as the the to the Reference information the the interface To to built-in interface, shielded, twisted-pair with the Follow these to the to using the interface: both the and turned off. The off when the switch to the the
the securely the interface the together they both of the the other of the the interface the
the USB interface To the to USB shielded USB to the USB interface, or that with USB If USB recommended that the to the first of the or the directly to the USB Follow these to the to the built-in USB interface: that both the and turned off. the of the the USB the back of the (The that fits the USB from the that fits the USB the other of the to the USB the
the Follow these to the the turned off. The off when the switch to the the the back of the to the the matches that of the of the matches the of If the attached to the the the AC the back of the the properly grounded OFF It to the If the rated the and outlet match, the cord. the
the Software the to to the software included the EPSON software CD-ROM shipped with The the software that or With such as and EPSON or NT The EPSON of and displays information. to the Reference information the the software or NT Follow these to the software or NT the software or NT If information. If to of the software CD-ROM, the CD and the that appears, based and follow the on-screen instructions. If using the of the EPSON software, of the EPSON software or installation. the
If the New or other appears when If the Found appears, If the as below. or NT and the turned off. the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM The appears. If the Click the CD-ROM then from the Then (If using the the Double-click the and then the Double-click to the software installation, then follow the instructions the the or NT the EPSON information and the software, Software the Reference the
DOS To the from DOS to the or another from the of Choose the EPSON the the or If the include choose the first from this DLQ-3000/3000+ LQ-2080 LQ-2180 LQ-2070 LQ-2170 LQ-1170 LQ-1070/1070+ DLQ-2000 LQ-1060 LQ-1050 LQ-2550 LQ-2500 If of these choose the first from the following: If the software to the LQ EX FX LX RX MX EPSON
such as cut-sheet or further Optional interface to built-in interfaces. If purchase options, and the Reference information. the Once the software and the using the of such as and postcards. the Reference information and the
This chapter to the the Reference and the the following to the or 2000/NT CPU NT or recommended) Memory MB RAM NT MB RAM or recommended) MB to the Reference CD-ROM (Quad-speed or recommended) or with High or (Microsoft or recommended the Reference or recommended) MB RAM and or the
the Reference The Reference with information such as and troubleshooting. You this directly from the CD-ROM that with the or and from the the Reference from the CD-ROM Follow these to the Reference from the CD-ROM: the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM The appears. If the Click the CD-ROM then from the menu.Then Double-click the The user appears. To the Reference the
and the Reference from the To the Reference follow and the section. Then, Reference the that appears, and follow the instructions. the the DLQ3500 appears the EPSON Double-click the to the To the Reference operation of the to and EPSON Then, DLQ3500 If enough to the Reference directly from the CD. the The information such as to and the paper-thickness You this A4- or or directly from the software CD-ROM. the from the CD-ROM Follow these to the from the CD-ROM: the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM The appears. If the Click the CD-ROM then from the menu.Then Double-click from the The appears. To the the
and Information This chapter the and information about Instructions of these instructions the follow and instructions the the or or heat or cover the and the and through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded or cord. This the head and other to that they those the used. them cool touching them. and Information
If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the of the the the cleaning and clean with of cloth only. with of the and the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If to the Germany, the following: and Information If the or If the If the or the If the normally or performance. To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected or users: A-
United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to the rating and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured to the following and Earth If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and yellow connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the and Information
The connected to the the with the If to the the or and Information
America, Inc. Airport CA Phone: EPSON DEUTSCHLAND Phone: EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, Phone: EPSON ITALIA MI, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R.
Printed 01.XX-XX