Sign-off: rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, A5
A5 This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference- Causing Regulations. toutes FCC United States WARNING
According to ISO/IEC and EN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, EPSON EUROPE B.V. Prof. J. H. AT The Declares that the Product: Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): March Y. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. A5 Declaration of Conformity Product DFX-8500 P970A Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC Directive 73/23/EEC: EN
A5 Instructions the of these instructions to the and effectively. Follow and instructions the the or near or heat the The properly or or cover the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded the as or that switch and off. the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. Information
the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused A5 ENERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency.
A5 United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to the rating and that the to the The wires the to this coloured with the following and yellow Earth If to the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals please as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or with the Earth The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. If to the the or with of the and
Sign-off: Introduction The EPSON DFX-8500 advanced business applications. The high performance and with of features, including high and High of to characters characters inch front and rear tractors This switch of and easily. The top-of-form each tractor. as as three The to consisting of to the front tractor. that allows selection of of EPSON ESC/P commands and IBM and that easily. memory that information the A5 Introduction Introduction
A5 Introduction The following options The the of heavy and It The Perforation (C81507 and (C81500 to off Interface to the built-in and interfaces. Chaper choosing the right interface and instructions interface to This This illustrated, instructions and operating Chapter information and the to this chapter first. Chapter to software, which includes Microsoft operating Chapter includes information and of to DIP switch and the memory Chapter to the EPSON Introduction
to optional with Chapter and Chapter troubleshooting If the properly or the what this chapter of and the specifications. ESC/P commands and the built-in character C to and the of this and Notes This the following to to to Notes information and the operation of A5 Introduction Introduction
A5 Introduction If You If or using C to Introduction
Sign-off: Chapter the the the the Ribbon Cartridge the Connecting the to A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter Unpacking the the should or people should it the as shown the D-1-2
to this should include EPSON software Notice and the following items: the permanently attached to the the of the the country which bought the right location. A5 Chapter screwdriver optional the
A5 Chapter You protective around and and the Follow the the Notice to these screwdriver included the screw. and protective including the protective locking the and the screw, to the the It should its or There of the and to the another If the the back of the the country, Choosing the selecting to to follow these the enough to the the interface to reach around the easy operation and locations that to sunlight, heat, or properly grounded the where easily the cord. the
outlets switches or timers. of information the memory of or outlets the as or other that fluctuations. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. If to follow these that least that the The should If to through the of the choose that path. and interface they with feeding. If the to of the A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter the Ribbon Cartridge the that the protective and that the the from the and Then follow these the top cover as shown below. the Warning: the head while the turned instructed to this the Also, the the head cool touching
the head to the section of the as shown below. the from the of the and Then the from the from the ribbon) and the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the A5 Chapter the head the
A5 Chapter the with both and the as shown below. the the notches the the Then the the other the mounting the Press lightly both of the to the
the the each of the head as shown below. The of the should top, with its facing back the Turn the ribbon-tightening to the ribbon. the head from to to that smoothly and that the twisted or creased. A5 head the
A5 Chapter the top cover. the the turned off. (The the switch located the right of the should the the back of the to the matches that of If the attached to the the to the AC the the properly grounded the If the rated and outlet match, the cord. D-1-10-A
Connecting the to interface interface and RS-232C- interface. If which interface function that allows to to than interface DIP Switches Chapter If shielded should to the immediately. If of the that type of interface, to optional interface Chapter A5 Chapter interface interface the
A5 Chapter Follow the below to or interface to the both the and turned off. the cover each and cover the securely the or interface the interface interface D-1-21-B
If the interface, the together they of the If ground wire, to the ground as shown below. If the interface, the screws the (If ground wire, to the ground as shown If the screws that with the the the interface, the with the optional with the A5 Chapter the D-1-22-A D-1-22-B
A5 Chapter the to the right or of the interface its top the the and the as shown below. the cover. the the cover the D-1-23-A
the other of the the (If there ground the of the it to the ground the back of the using the interface, to the DIP switch You to other interface and parity, and properly. DIP Switches Chapter information. A5 Chapter the
A5 the
Sign-off: Chapter Software the the Accessing the the the Accessing the the NT the Accessing the the NT the Accessing the the DOS the A5 Chapter Software
A5 Chapter The EPSON software that with includes the software, and memory with software that allows to the You to the software of the the section below the software of (or DOS): the section. NT NT DOS the software, to of the EPSON software Follow the below to the instructions the EPSON Chapter Software
the and the off. of software Double-click the and then the which the Double-click the then the EPSON shown below. Click OK and follow the on-screen instructions. the EPSON This the of when and with troubleshooting Chapter instructions the A5 Chapter Software
A5 Chapter the using plug-and-play If IEEE-1284 bidirectional the using the plug-and-play information. the connected to as First and then the If the You the New If the New Found or of and follow the instructions the Computer the displays Then the from The the the New If this the and then OK This appear Click OK You the From of software If the A, type and OK the the Copy from and OK Software
You type the the the that the as shown. To the as the the Click the The the to and to the using the or the selected. Once the EPSON This the of when and with troubleshooting Chapter instructions and using the should that the match While the with the the sections instructions to the and necessary. Accessing the You the From applicationany apply to the currently From the apply to applications. A5 Chapter Software
A5 Chapter Accessing the from To the from or from the The or appears. From the choose or the options (You to choose of these The appears. The and Graphics the Click the the top of the to these Accessing the from the the from the the apply to To the from the follow these Click the and then to Click Right-click and The appears. The and Graphics the Click the the top of the to these the that the the and Graphics the of to and the as finished OK to apply the or to the to their factory Software
Select the of the the If the to through the If included the Custom and the the that appears. Select or Select the that There three options both the front and tractors the the optional perforation the Perforation Chapter Graphics Click the Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of The to the of the dithering options shows the of each the to lighter or ready to If while Chapter troubleshooting A5 Software
A5 If follow the instructions below to and the the and the of software Choose from the The following appears: A:\SETUP (If the other than A, the Click OK The EPSON appears: Software
Select and OK The copying the the the EPSON the OK to the EPSON DFX-8500 as its LPT1. If to the or the assignment, the the should that the match While the with the the sections instructions to the and Accessing the You the From applicationany apply to the From the apply to applications. A5 Software
A5 Chapter Accessing the from To the from or from the If choose where and which allows to the If choose Choose or the options software. (You to choose of these options.) software the Accessing the from the the from the the apply to To the from the follow these the the Double-click the The appears. highlighted, then The appears. Software
the that the the of to and the as finished OK to apply the or to If the from of the below appear If the from the these appear the Click the the of the the If the to through the If included the and the the that appears. Source Select the that There three options both the front and tractors the Source the optional perforation the Perforation Select or The the to the select. A5 Chapter Software
A5 To the following from to or of these buttons. If the from the to these Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of the to or ready to If while Chapter troubleshooting NT If using NT follow the instructions below to and the the NT and the off. of software Double-click the and then the which the Software
Double-click the then the EPSON shown below. Click OK and follow the on-screen instructions. should that the match While the with the the section instructions to the and necessary. Accessing the You the From applicationany apply only to the currently From the apply to A5 Chapter Software
A5 Chapter Accessing the from To the from or from the If choose If choose To the from the choose or the options (You to choose of these options.) The appears. The and Advanced the Click the the top of the to these Accessing the from the the from the NT the apply to To the from the follow these Click the and then to Click Right-click and The the which the and Advanced Click the the top of the to these Software
the that the the and Advanced the of to and as finished OK to apply the or to the to their Select the of the to If from the Source the that There three options both the front and rear tractors the the optional perforation the Perforation Chapter Select or Advanced Check the and Source the and them necessary. Select the and then choose from the Graphic Select and then choose the from the A5 Chapter Software
A5 Chapter Double-click to this Click Quality and Quality or Quality Click Text as Graphics or and On or each ready to If while Chapter troubleshooting NT If NT follow the instructions below to and the the NT and the of software From the You the Software
the type A:\SETUP and OK If the other than A, the Select the EPSON as shown below. Click OK and follow the on-screen instructions. should that the match While the with the the instructions, You this as the the sections instructions to the and Accessing the You the From applicationany apply to the From the apply to A5 Chapter Software
A5 Chapter Accessing the from To the from or from the The or appears. that selected and then or You to of these buttons. You the which the and To the Advanced to The Advanced includes the Graphics Color, and software the Accessing the from the the from the NT the apply to To the from the follow these the the The appears. highlighted, then and The appears. Software
Click the then You the which includes the and below. If to the the instead of the You the which includes the Source and below. Click to the Advanced which the Graphics Color, and the that the the of to and the as finished OK to apply the or to Select the that Source There three options both the front and tractors the the optional perforation the Perforation Select the of the If from the You of each Select the first and then choose the of from the A5 Chapter Software
A5 Chapter Select the of the If from the Select or The the to the select. Advanced Graphics Click the If from the Graphics Turn the Text as Graphics or off. If to input RGB and forth, The appears. this ready to If while Chapter troubleshooting Software
DOS If DOS follow the instructions below to the the To DOS applications, the the or Choose the EPSON DFX-8500 the the If the include the DFX-8500 choose the first from this DFX-8000 DFX-5000+ DFX-5000 FX-2170 FX-1170 If of these listed, choose the first from the following: FX EX LX RX MX EPSON If the software to A5 Chapter Software
A5 Chapter Software
Sign-off: Chapter the Two-Tractor Positioning the supply What Loading the Tractor Loading the Rear Tractor the the top-of-form the Tearing the Printed Tear-off the Tear the tear-off Switching and Rear Tractors the and A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter the Two-Tractor consists of front and tractor. Both tractors easy to and and both of types, including and The to the thickness of to to the thickness You from inches to inches the automatically. using than of the often the front tractor. The front tractor, which to reach, the frequently. only the front with and with that it matches the specifications A. straight If the the the feed properly. Positioning the supply You from both the front and the rear, to enough around the the of fresh and the supply with the the tractor the smoothly the
The following shows three to and with the front loaded, with the loaded, and with both tractors loaded. that of with the tractors supply. What You the below. types, the Continuous Tractor Rear Tractor Single-sheet with with A5 Chapter D-2-3
A5 Loading the Tractor Follow these to the front tractor: Turn off the then the front cover the of its as shown below. front cover Release the both the right and each to or the from the tractor. D-1-12-B
Position the that the to the of the arrow the the the right to approximately match the of A5 Chapter arrow the D-1-13-A D-1-13-B
A5 Chapter the that they spaced the both covers. cover D-1-14-A D-1-14-B
clean, straight and then the first the the as shown below. The of the that to should facing the covers. the right that the straight and the the the right slightly; this to the too tightly when the right A5 Chapter D-1-15-B
A5 Chapter the front slightly and closed. the front cover directly slightly closing. turning the absolutely protective the Notice instructions.) Turning the while the head seriously the Turn the The head to the and the and lights Also, the front or rear arrow the Tractor Select lights which tractor selected when the turned off D-1-16 D-1-17
the Tractor to which tractor selected: If the front arrow light red, the LF/FF to the If the arrow light red, the Front/Rear to switch to the front tractor. the switches tractors, the automatically. The Tractor Select to and the light off. The to the top-of-form If the too high or the the as A5 Chapter D-2-10-A
A5 Chapter Loading the Rear Tractor Follow the below to the tractor. (You to the from the front first.) Turn off the the top cover as shown below. the rear the back of the top cover.
Release the the tractors right and each back. the that the to the of the arrow the the A5 Chapter to or the from the tractor. arrow the D-2-5-A D-2-5-B
A5 Chapter the right to match the of the they spaced the D-2-6-A D-2-6-B
both covers. cover clean, straight With the of the to facing through the the of the You to the to the That the with and through with the other. A5 Chapter D-2-7-A
A5 Chapter the first the the as shown below. the covers. the right to the the straight and the to the the right slightly; this to the too tightly when the right D-2-8-A D-2-8-B
the top cover and the The the Turn the The head to the and the and lights Also, the front or rear arrow the Tractor Select lights which selected when the turned off A5 Chapter D-2-9-B
A5 the Tractor to which tractor selected: If the tractor arrow light red, the LF/FF to the If the front arrow light red, the Front/Rear to switch to the tractor. the switches tractors, the automatically. The Tractor Select to and the light off. The to the top-of-form If the too high or the the as the section. D-2-10-A
the You the top-of-form as as the the the TOF and buttons. The then the top-of-form the optional tractor, the as below. The (based the top-of-form software. To the softwares the following software allow the top-of-form The top-of-form the to which the the when or feed. This where the each If the too high or the the top-of-form permanently or temporarily the TOF to permanently the top-of-form the top-of-form the TOF The the top-of-form the turned off, or initialized. (The top-of-form the front and tractors.) to temporarily the top-of-form the using the buttons without top-of-form The the temporary top-of-form the switch tractors, or off the the A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter You the top-of-form from inch) to inch) below the top of the The factory inch). Follow the below to (permanently the top-of-form To the top-of-form when the the (top) only; the top-of-form the this chapter.) through the the turned and the selected (the tractor arrow should the top cover. Press the TOF to top-of-form The once, and the TOF light flashes. Also, the the that the top-of-form with the the clear protector.
the buttons to feed the to the top-of-form The the shows where the of first of text This based the first of If software top of text actually below the top-of-form The the as reference only when top-of-form At other top-of-form the Press the TOF to and top-of-form Then the top cover. If top-of-form right the and top-of-form the the optional tractor, the A5 Chapter
A5 the You to the the of or to the top-of-form when the temporarily the top-of-form the amount. the the of the that half-inch lower, the half-inch as The this temporary top-of-form the switch tractors, or off the To the or top-of-form follow these reach the text that to the the to the buttons to the where of text to Press the once to feed the or 1/216-inch or to the continuously. finished, the to If with or the (top)
Tearing the Printed the tear-off to the to the tear-off of the You then easily tear off the back to the This that would normally You the tear-off turning DIP switch to tear-off or the Tear the Chapter information DIP switch If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off using the micro-feed The this tear-off the tear-off to with or with the tear-off when the optional tractor or when the memory Chapter Tear-off tear-off with DIP switch the to the tear-off when The to the tear-off when the of or and three seconds. A5
A5 Follow these to tear-off the turned off. Turn DIP switch Turn the tear-off and the tractor, the the to the tear-off Then tear off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off as the the back to the and
the Tear Whether or the tear-off the Tear to to the tear-off following the below. finished. Then the Tear The the to the tear-off and the Tear light Tear off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off as the section. the the back to the and (You manually the back to the the Tear the tear-off If the perforation with the tear-off follow these Turn the and the tractor. the cover (the the top of the top cover). This the tear-off A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter Press the Tear to the tear-off The Tear light and the the perforation to the tear-off If the with the tear-off the buttons to feed the or 1/216-inch (You to the continuously.) You the tear-off only when tear-off the Tear once and the Tear light The the tear-off the turned off, or initialized. tear-off
Tear off the the tear-off the top cover. Press the Tear to the back to the top-of-form You ready to tear off the the back to the top-of-form than A5
A5 Chapter Switching and Rear Tractors You easily switch the front and the tractor. The instructions below to switch from the front tractor to the tractor, follow the to switch from the tractor to the front tractor. (To switch tractors when the optional Chapter switch tractors already the First the tearing off the fresh below the and LF/FF to the the turned and that the front tractor selected (the front arrow the Tractor Select should If the of the to switch tractors. Then follow these If the tractor, to the (the first of the as through
If or the the tear-off the previous section to tear off the or Press the Front/Rear to switch to the tractor. The front-loaded back to the and the to the top-of-form A5 Chapter tear off the and switching tractors. feed than through the
A5 Chapter the This section to the front tractor, follow the when the the tractor. the and the front selected. (If the the rear tractor, the rear tractor should selected instead.) this with or with already the the tearing off the fresh supply below the and LF/FF to the Then the as earlier this chapter. If the the tear-off earlier to tear off the or tear off the feed than through the
Press the Front/Rear to switch to the rear tractor. The front-loaded back to the the front cover. (To the the top cover and the A5 Chapter D-2-23-A
A5 Chapter the covers and the from the tractor. cover the as through (or through D-2-23-C
and both single-sheet and as as You of including and of thicknesses, from thin to (or the including the The to the and thickness of and the positioning of text the information the sections top-of-form and earlier this chapter. You should both and software or If using or to the optional tractor. absolutely that within the of the to to the head. information the A. A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter You (carbonless) with to sheets, including the the tractor. On the front tractor, with to You the other type of forms, however, the straight and or tear instructions, the sections earlier this chapter. the memory Chapter the DFX-8500 that thickness, such as with them or that slightly where they together. These thicker the and the where they or together, as shown below. with to the memory that thickness. the Memory Chapter instructions. these that the fits within the and that the top-of-form properly. information about the the section A.
selecting choose the type mounted with with tractor. the front tractor only, following the instructions Loading the Tractor the Tear Front/Rear or when the through the they easily off the and the Although feed backward, the features follow these Instead of the Tear to the LF/FF the the where tear off easily. the Front/Rear to switch tractors or the supply of tearing off the supply perforation below the tractor. Then the LF/FF to the the top-of-form or the (top) to and them operating A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter
Sign-off: the Lights Other features DIP Switches DIP switch DIP switch DIP switch functions the Memory memory A5 the
A5 Chapter The consists of lights and buttons, and to features. Lights On when the switch and to the On when the of when there the head, the tractors the Ribbon when the the Select the memory that the the Flashes when the
Font The selection displayed lights the Pitch The pitch selection displayed three pitch lights the Copy On when the (to TOF On when the top-of-form (Top of The to the top-of-form when this light Tear On when the tear-off The to the tear-off when this light On when A5 o o o o =On, o o o o o o o o o o PS Spacing) o off when the head Press to temporally and the
A5 Chapter Tractor Select On when the front selected. The light when the the and when the tractor of Tractor Select On when the tractor selected. The Rear light when the the and when the tractor of Select Selects of the following numbers: or Font Selects of the following or the Select or information using the DIP switches and Select to information the memory Chapter information.
Pitch Selects the characters inch Press the the light appears to the pitch. software this Copy the This and and the and from to TOF and the top-of-form (Top of to the top-of-form This when the top cover Tear the to the tear-off and the tear-off A5 If too high or the the top-of-form top-of-form and to the The this top-of-form turned off, or initialized. Also, the top-of-form the front and tractors. the top-of-form Chapter If the perforation exactly with the tear-off the buttons to the tear-off the tear-off Chapter the
A5 Chapter LF/FF LF To this once. These buttons or the 1/216-inch The top the and the You these buttons to the top-of-form, tear-off, and the This to the NLQ Chapter the Tear when the the LF/FF to feed the to where they torn off. FF to the top of the Press and the about second. the of the selected when currently loaded. This to the Chapter To the top-of-form the TOF to top-of-form Then the buttons to the to the the top-of-form Chapter
Press to temporarily Press to Tractor Select Selects the front or tractor. If tractor, first Front/Rear the this to switch the tractor. switch tractors, the the to the and the the selected tractor loaded. A5 Chapter To the tear-off the Tear to tear-off and feed the to the tear-off Then the buttons to the to the the tear-off Chapter To the to or the to the the Chapter loaded, only the top through the least seconds to the the Front/Rear when the tear off or than through the the
A5 Chapter Other features holding the LF/FF or Tear while the the The the characters the ROM Memory). Chapter holding both the LF/FF and Tear while the the This the that to the that advanced users the of the and the Chapter information. holding the while the the DIP switch the section information. memory holding the Select while the the information when that or with them. the Memory the
DIP Switches of DIP switches which such as and DIP switch shown the DIP switch of the DIP switch functions the factory to the of users, to DIP switch You the DIP switch holding the while the DIP switch Turn off the the front cover the of its The DIP switches located the front the front tractor If the front or of the reach the DIP switches. A5 the
A5 Chapter the DIP switch cover. pointed such as the of to the switch or off. DIP switch when and off when that the turned off DIP switches. the DIP switch cover and the the front cover. Turn the to the DIP switch the or the the D-3-9-A D-3-9-B
DIP switch The following the each DIP switch. information about each the following the DIP switch Switch ON OFF Character A-1 and Table A-2 perforation Active Inactive DIP switch Switch ON OFF front C A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter DIP switch Switch ON OFF tear off Active Inactive Active Inactive feed Active Inactive Inactive Active CR (IBM Active Inactive IBM character Table Table Active Inactive Software IBM ESC/P DIP switch Switch ON OFF Inactive Active I/F (interface) I/F (interface) Table DIP switch Switch ON OFF Active Inactive with Active Inactive Active Inactive memory Memory Memory DIP switches to used. the
A-1 Character Character SW SW SW SW SW SW PC437 (US, OFF OFF OFF OFF OFF OFF PC850 OFF OFF OFF OFF OFF ON PC860 OFF OFF OFF OFF ON OFF PC861 (Icelandic) OFF OFF OFF OFF ON ON PC863 OFF OFF OFF ON OFF OFF (Canadian-French) PC865 (Nordic) OFF OFF OFF ON OFF ON OFF OFF OFF ON ON OFF BRASCII OFF OFF OFF ON ON ON OFF OFF ON OFF OFF OFF ISO OFF OFF ON OFF OFF ON U.S.A OFF OFF ON OFF ON OFF OFF OFF ON OFF ON ON OFF OFF ON ON OFF OFF U.K OFF OFF ON ON OFF ON OFF OFF ON ON ON OFF OFF OFF ON ON ON ON OFF ON OFF OFF OFF OFF OFF ON OFF OFF OFF ON PC437 selected other switch combinations. A-2 Character countries) Character SW SW SW SW SW SW PC437 (US, OFF OFF OFF OFF OFF OFF PC850 OFF OFF OFF OFF OFF ON PC437 OFF OFF OFF OFF ON OFF PC852 (East OFF OFF OFF OFF ON ON PC853 OFF OFF OFF ON OFF OFF A5 Chapter the the
A5 Chapter Character SW SW SW SW SW SW PC855 OFF OFF OFF ON OFF ON PC857 OFF OFF OFF ON ON OFF PC866 OFF OFF OFF ON ON ON PC869 OFF OFF ON OFF OFF OFF MAZOWIA (Poland) OFF OFF ON OFF OFF ON MJK (CSFR) OFF OFF ON OFF ON OFF ISO OFF OFF ON OFF ON ON ISO 1T OFF OFF ON ON OFF OFF OFF OFF ON ON OFF ON OFF OFF ON ON ON OFF PC774 (LST OFF OFF ON ON ON ON ISO OFF ON OFF OFF OFF OFF PC866LAT. OFF ON OFF OFF OFF ON PC866UKR OFF ON OFF OFF ON OFF PC APTEC OFF ON OFF OFF ON ON PC708 OFF ON OFF ON OFF OFF PC720 OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON PC AR864 OFF ON OFF ON ON OFF PC860 OFF ON OFF ON ON ON PC861 (Icelandic) OFF ON ON OFF OFF OFF PC865 (Nordic) OFF ON ON OFF OFF ON U.S.A OFF ON ON OFF ON OFF OFF ON ON OFF ON ON OFF ON ON ON OFF OFF U.K OFF ON ON ON OFF ON OFF ON ON ON ON OFF OFF ON ON ON ON ON ON OFF OFF OFF OFF OFF ON OFF OFF OFF OFF ON PC437 selected other switch combinations. the
Table front SW SW SW SW front inches OFF OFF OFF OFF inches OFF OFF ON ON inches OFF ON OFF OFF inches OFF ON OFF ON inches OFF ON ON OFF inches OFF ON ON ON inches ON OFF OFF OFF inches ON OFF OFF ON inches ON OFF ON OFF inches ON OFF ON ON ON ON OFF OFF C rear tractor SW SW SW SW tractor inches OFF OFF OFF OFF inches OFF OFF ON ON inches OFF ON OFF OFF inches OFF ON OFF ON inches OFF ON ON OFF inches OFF ON ON ON inches ON OFF OFF OFF inches ON OFF OFF ON inches ON OFF ON OFF inches ON OFF ON ON inches ON ON OFF OFF A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter I/F (interface) I/F SW SW OFF OFF I/F OFF ON I/F ON OFF Optional I/F ON ON SW SW OFF OFF OFF ON ON OFF ON ON Table SW SW OFF OFF OFF ON ON OFF ON ON DIP switch functions The DIP switch below. Character DIP switches through and off combinations, the character If the IBM character A-1 the (U.S.A, Germany, U.K, and character the
perforation DIP switch the one-inch the and the first the top-of-form the the of and the top of the the top-of-form Chapter Since their top and should this them. DIP switch DIP switch off, bidirectional. normally bidirectional; however, allows front/ tractor) To other than those and C (Rear), the commands B. to the to match the to tear off DIP switch the to the tear-off To the tear-off the buttons to the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off DIP switch the slashed the DIP switch off, the This clearly distinguishing O character and when such as A5 Chapter the
A5 feed DIP switch the (LF) to (CR) the software. the switch off, when the software commands to the Since and to should this text The when Chapter Troubleshooting, information. If the to DIP switch CR return) This function IBM DIP switch each (LF) or ESC (CR) the the to the the switch off, CR the to the to the IBM character This function IBM DIP switch to 80H to 9FH of the character the DIP switch off to 80H to 9FH characters. character the
This function when the optional perforation (C81507 the DIP switch the perforation each the perforation automatically. the following when this function: the least inches the top of the TOF feed the the forms, with and with If the through the Software DIP switch the operates IBM this DIP switch off, the operates EPSON ESC/P The input memory to free the when amounts of text or graphics. The input when DIP switch off. To the DIP switch A5 Chapter the
A5 I/F (interface) the the interface and from the currently selected interface the amount of specified with this which interface and switches to that interface. You seconds when DIP switch off. To seconds, DIP switch I/F (interface) You to DIP switches and that and properly. These DIP switches the interface (You to the section below the DIP switch and optional interface the selects the interface that and that interface the of the This allows to the without the interface If to DIP switchs and that and properly. These DIP switches the interface parity. Table the DIP switch and parity. the
If to the known as The the which the from the DIP switches and the the DIP switch the four or the and should to the with memory DIP switches and that thickness. the Memory DIP switch the head the the right and of feeding. This feeding and A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter the Memory that or with them, the memory It the the head and the based the type of memory. This should Continuous with the Tear Front/Rear TOF or Tear off the fresh supply perforation below the front tractor only and the LF/FF to the The memory only with the front tractor. the
memory This DIP switches. the section DIP switch this chapter. the turned off. Turn DIP switch off to memory or memory Select the turning DIP switches and through or off as shown below. SW SW SW SW inches OFF OFF OFF OFF inches OFF OFF ON ON inches OFF ON OFF OFF inches OFF ON OFF ON inches OFF ON ON OFF inches OFF ON ON ON inches ON OFF OFF OFF inches ON OFF OFF ON inches ON OFF ON OFF inches ON OFF ON ON inches ON ON OFF OFF A5 Chapter the
A5 Select the type turning DIP switches and or off as shown below. SW Inactive OFF Active ON with SW Inactive OFF Active ON SW Inactive OFF Active ON without the Select and the (The once when memory and memory The the information the memory selected. the information the and ready to You finished of the information with or with the Select and the (The once when memory and memory The and the the finished, the continuously the top cover. the
the cover. the (the where the intersect) to the corner. the buttons to the or and manually the head or right. Press the TOF The once. If the correct, the If this the to the right corner. the buttons to the or and manually the head or right. A5 Chapter Warning: If the the head cool touching the
A5 Press the TOF The If the correct, the If this the cover. The the with information the memory selected. The memory selected and the three indicating that ready to To memory the Select the displayed. the
Sign-off: Chapter EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON Checking the the EPSON the Preferences Turning background the background the Memory Accessing the memory or A5 Chapter EPSON
A5 Chapter EPSON that with with It allows to when and troubleshooting instructions when This chapter to the to information and to the background to whenever the EPSON the Memory automatically. This allows to to of information, To DFX-8500 through optional Ethernet Interface Card (C82357 and the that with the interface the that with the interface instructions the EPSON To the follow these that the If the as If the the the then the of the EPSON software Click START then EPSON
A:\SETUP the other than A, the and OK Follow the on-screen instructions, then FINISH to the EPSON and the and printer-shaped background to the the of the to the README the This the information the Accessing EPSON To the EPSON the background You the shown below. You this from Click to to then the EPSON A5 Chapter EPSON
A5 Chapter Checking the This section to the to and information. information, the the EPSON The features of the EPSON below. This displays information the EPSON directly to If from the this the and If the displays the and Count. The displays the and of EPSON connected to You or to choosing or from the To memory, to (This the from The that appear the to ready the that and the and the information. EPSON
The the of the The Count displays the of to You rearrange the of the the clicking the or Count. This allows to information and the Click the the EPSON to the following the which information the selected to the EPSON Select Not Memory information the A5 EPSON
A5 Chapter This the appearance and of the EPSON and the Click the the EPSON to the following or the and the EPSON the of the appearing the only the the the and to the Refresh the information shown the This allows to the and background as as and from the EPSON
Click the the EPSON to the following the Preferences Preferences where the and the background the selected information, Turning background Allows to which would to Background Allows to the background or off. Select background information background A5 Chapter The Background and while the background off. the of the background that appears the when background EPSON
A5 Chapter Choose from this to about the Click About to the and copyright information. of the commands the EPSON directly clicking the this If to the command appears and of the function appears the the of the EPSON the The shown below information the of selected To the or the and then choose from the of the EPSON You this EPSON
You the clicking the information the To the the the the top. This information through graphic and The appearance of the the graphic to the the If troubleshooting appear the the of this This information that the memory instructions or the information, the Memory Utility The arrow the to the the ready to the and that the loaded. Information If connected to through this information network and other A5 Chapter EPSON
A5 Preferences the Preference the and background The the of information the selected You the when background as below. background the the selected the background whenever and informs of the the the right of The and that allows to the selected Turning background Follow the below to turn background and specify when the appears. the active. (It active printer-shaped appears the the of If the inactive, the EPSON as Then to Background the and from or to The Background and while the inactive. EPSON
Select the to from the and then Preferences the You this the to the necessary. to slowly. Click this to turn background the selected and to the Click the options to specify when the to appear. Click OK to and the Preferences A5 Chapter EPSON
A5 the background printer-shaped background appears the whenever the active. Double-clicking the background the EPSON Right-clicking this where choose whether the appear front of other the This allows to the background from the To of Turning background the Memory This allows to to of with and easily to This should and what type of currently the (through the from the The memory when the EPSON You that or with them the memory If to these items, the Memory Chapter EPSON
Accessing the memory To this follow these If the first the Then the memory pressing the Select the ready to If the the to to active Click and to and then the memory or Follow these to or information: Click from the and then The Memory appears: A5 EPSON
A5 Chapter Click the memory to or existing and then You the Memory (or the information each below: You type the If the information memory or memory them. Source Click the to Select the of to memory. If and Select the type of If using EPSON
Loading whether the or Select the intensity. Select to intensity. finished or OK The Memory appears If to these The the of memory numbers, and feed types. Click The comfirmation appears. the and then The memory appears. You the memory arrow appears the that the Loading finished the memory You this the A5 Chapter EPSON
A5 Chapter EPSON
Sign-off: Chapter the Tractor the tractor the with the front the tractor with the tractor the tractor the Perforation the perforation Attaching the perforated and Removing the perforation the the Removing the Interface Cards interface interface (C82305 or C82306 A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter the Tractor The optional tractor The tractor with and the tractor with the front or built-in tractor, as this section. the tractor the tear-off the To the tractor, cross-head screwdriver. If to the with the built-in tractor, should the the tractor. Loading the Rear Tractor Chapter Turn off the and the cover. D-4-2
cross-head screwdriver to the screws the to the Then the off the the screws from the the that with the tractor. A5 Chapter D-4-3-A D-4-3-B
A5 Chapter the and the top cover. the tractor with its to the the tractors front notches the mounting of the D-4-4-A D-4-4-B
the using the its right Then the back its the mounting Gently the apply and then the top cover. the with the front If or with than (including the should the with the built-in front tractor. You switch the front and tractors when the tractor. the Front/Rear and then the LF/FF to feed the the to the tractor. To tear off the LF/FF to the to where torn off. To the tractor with the front tractor, follow these Turn the and the top cover. A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter the front to the top-of-form If already the the the Front/Rear or LF/FF which selected) to the to the top-of-form (If the front tractor, as Chapter Once the front tractor, the LF/FF to the to the tractor. Release both the tractor them Then both covers. the to match the of D-4-6 D-4-7-A
the they the the of the the If there the or the the properly with the the slightly and the to the of the as shown below. the to the right first, and then it as necessary. A5 Chapter the the built-in front and the optional D-4-7-B D-4-8-A
A5 the covers. the the straight and smooth, and then the the top-of-form as Chapter necessary. the top cover. Press the LF/FF to feed the the back of the the of the first below the the too they the too tightly or tear the of the To release the right and D-4-8-B D-4-9
the with the If or with than sheets (including the the tractor; the front tractor as the previous section. You switch the front and rear tractors when using the tractor. the Front/Rear and then the LF/FF to feed the the to the tractor. To tear off the LF/FF to the to where torn off. The following to using the optional (already with the built-in tractor. If the tractor, the tractor and then the tractor as earlier this Turn off the then the top cover. If the tractor, the top-of-form or to the the tractor to release the tractor. A5 Chapter D-4-10
A5 Chapter the tractor that its the of the the as through the the its right Then the tractor back the the rear mounting Turn the and the LF/FF to the to the tractor. follow through D-4-11-A
the tractor To the tractor cross-head screwdriver and the that originally the the and off the the top cover and the that the the these to release the tractor. Then the and of the the top cover and the cover. A5 Chapter D-4-12 5-30-B
A5 Chapter cross-head screwdriver to the screws the to the Then the that with the tractor. the screws, the and the cover. the Perforation The optional perforation (C81507 off the perforation of the perforation to the to match The perforation with the perforated output and the perforated To the perforated and the the perforation with or with that the thickness and perforation within the specified the specifications A. the least inches If to from the tractor, to enough around the the perforated and the and the of fresh supply with the the tractor the smoothly the
The following shows to with the loaded. the perforation The below to the perforation You cross-head screwdriver. If to the perforation with the built-in tractor, to the the perforation Loading the Rear Tractor Chapter Turn off the and the cover. A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter cross-head screwdriver to the screws the to the Then off the the and screws the cover and the and to the the rear of the notches the back of the the the top cover. 5-20-B
the perforation its with the facing to the right. Then the perforation the the back of the the the of the perforation the notches the the perforation back the perforation Then the top cover. the perforation securely the the A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter Attaching the perforated and The perforation with the perforated and the perforated sheets. You to sheets of or the turned the allow the to than sheets of or the the when of and to the To the perforated and the follow these the cover and the as shown below.
the cover and the the to the of You ready to the perforation as the section. You the top cover while the perforated and the attached. If to the top cover, to them first. ready to the the tractor, first the perforation Removing the perforation this chapter. A5 Chapter than inches third to inches fourth or
A5 Chapter This section to the perforation with with the perforation the to match software or the DIP switchs (as Chapter EPSON recommends that the perforation when using the perforation The completely. If this of the The perforation the of off You off using of the following If the through the the the DIP switchs You the following from the Tractor Tractor Tractor each Tractor Rear: Tractor Rear: only Tractor Rear: each
Turn with DIP switch the perforation off each automatically. DIP Switches Chapter Select the tear-off as follows: finished. the cover. You the perforation tear-off Press the Tear to tear-off The the perforation to the perforation tear-off If the with the tear-off the tear-off the buttons. Press the Tear The off and the fresh back to the top-of-form Switching tractors To switch tractors when the perforation follow these the turned If the of the to switch tractors. If the tractor to as Chapter Press the Front/Rear to switch to the other tractor. The off the the the to the and then the the other to the A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter the perforation To the perforation follow the below. the perforation its and off the as the section. Turn off the and the cover. the perforated and the from the 5-20-A
the from the the top cover. the the perforation and the perforation and of the A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter the top cover and the cover. the the screws that 5-30-B D-4-13-C
the cover. To the the the rear the notches the back of the Then the A5 Chapter 5-31-B
A5 Chapter the The optional (C81500 off the to the to match either software or the DIP the to the perforation. If to the perforation of the optional perforation (C81507 than of that thickness with the optional This includes with them and that slightly where they together. the Follow the below to the If to the with the built-in tractor, to the tractor the Loading the Rear Tractor Chapter
Turn off the and the cover. cross-head screwdriver to the screws the to the Then off the the and screws the cover and the top cover. A5 Chapter 5-20-A 5-20-B
A5 the its with the facing to the right. Then the the back of the the the of the the notches the the the Then the top cover. 5-21-A 5-21-B
the rear and to the the of the notches the back of the Then the securely the the To the the the the notches the back of the Then the A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter This section to the with the to the to match off To off follow the below: that the turned and that (Press the to the light.) Press the Tear The the that the perforation the of the the of the 5-23-B
If the the off to the the cover and the buttons to the with the Then the cover. You the from inch) to inch) below the perforation the of the The factory of the inch) below the Press the Tear The off and the fresh back to the top-of-form A5 5-24-A 5-24-B
A5 Chapter Press the to off the the ready to The the the and the top-of-form as below. the the top-of-form the the top-of-form the the below the top-of-form the the top-of-form the top-of-form top-of-form top-of-form 5-25-B 5-26-A
Switching tractors To switch tractors when the follow the below: the turned If the of the to switch tractors. If the tractor to as Chapter Press the Front/Rear to switch to the other tractor. The off the the the to the and then the the other tractor to the the tractor, that the first torn off exactly the perforation, and that the first four the the A5
A5 Chapter Removing the To the follow the below. the its and off the as the section. Turn off the the rear and to the the of the notches the back of the Then the from the
To the the the the notches the back of the Then the the top cover. the the and the and of the A5 5-30-A
A5 Chapter the top and the cover. the the screws that the cover. 5-30-B D-4-13-C 5-31-B
Interface Cards You optional interface to built-in and interfaces. The EPSON interface below with (Not of these interfaces C82305 /C82306 interface C82307 /C82308 32KB interface C82310 /C82311 32KB interface C82312 interface C82313 32KB IEEE-488 interface C82314 Coax interface C82315 interface C82345 IEEE-1284 interface C82357 Ethernet interface *The the which country. If whether optional interface or would to know about interfaces, EPSON interface function that allows to to than interface DIP Switches Chapter Coax and interfaces the to with IBM or or This allows EPSON to function as IBM without the of other or A5 Chapter
A5 interface Follow the below to optional interface If optional interface DIP switches or optional interface. information DIP switches. Turn off both and Then and interface from the Turn the that the cover the cover. to switches and the as necessary. the interface that JG to or the properly. (To the to cover both wires of the with the
screwdriver to the screws the interface shield the shield the interface the the interface to to the the interface with the screws with the the the interface as shown. A5 Chapter D-4-16-A D-4-16-B D-4-17
A5 Chapter the other of the the interface cover. the and interface (C82305 or C82306 To interface (C82305 or C82306 the sections below to the and other such as and interface Selecting You from the following and second). To the the selection interface the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) to that the increases to bytes, the X-ON or the DTR to (SPACE) to that ready to the The other including and
Sign-off: and Transportation the Ribbon Cartridge Cleaning the the A5 Chapter and Transportation
A5 the Ribbon Cartridge becomes too to the ribbon. the EPSON only. Warning: If the recently, the head cool to the ribbon. To the follow these Press the Then off the the top cover and the head to the of the the off the head as shown below. and Transportation D-5-10-A
the of the as shown below to release from the mounting the and from the beneath the To the the Ribbon Cartridge, Chapter A5 Chapter and Transportation D-5-10-B
A5 Chapter Cleaning the To operating its should clean thoroughly Follow these Turn off the and of its covers. Then as as the If the optional tractor, perforation or to and from the outer If the outer or or clean with clean cloth with of the covers to from the Warning: to the or or thinners to the These chemicals the as as the or the of the with the EPSON think and Transportation
Transporting the If to the and as below. Warning: when to the yourself. The should people holding the the Turn off the and the If options them. the from the and the back of the the interface from the the the protective the as shown the Notice Repack the and the and them the A5 and Transportation
A5 Chapter and Transportation
Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting the the and supply Printout Clearing DR, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 This chapter what It these the Indicators. This section to the lights as and This section to the to whether the with the or the This section the users to this to and This section to with the supply, operation, and the of the Clearing This section shows to clear the information this chapter to the of and then the recommended If of these C, Contacting Customer Support. Troubleshooting
the You with the lights the If and the lights or flashing, the following of light to the then follow the recommended corrective State of and light Ribbon Ribbon DR, A5 Chapter the the The light off and the The correctly. and correctly. Loading Chapter the To clear the Clearing this chapter. Ribbon and the the Ribbon Cartridge Chapter The thicker than the specified Press the The slowly. that the thickness within the specified the specifications A. The head overheated. the once the head Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter State of and light lights Select E and flashing Troubleshooting The top cover the cover and the The selected match the the the or the The to switch to and feed the the and then the to the selected. unknown occurred. Turn off the and then turn the If the The off lights seconds. this off the and then the If the
the whether the from the or the If the satisfactory, the properly and the caused or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the and and to the To follow these that the turned off and that the the front or tractor. Chapter information and While holding the LF/FF or Tear turn the The LF/FF The Tear (NLQ) seconds, the the which of characters printed. If to temporarily the the To the the DR, A5 Chapter Whenever off the least seconds back otherwise the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter To the the to Tear off the necessary, and then off the turn off the while the to and then off the the The which allows users to the of the and software the as characters To follow these that the both the LF/FF and Tear buttons while the Next, software and to the the from the software Troubleshooting
the characters the right with the of the the received the If characters they appear the right as ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as To off the and then off the and This section four supply Printout the section the type of and the of The and first, them the that they the DR, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter supply The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of Warning: the to outlet that matching The and the lights off. What to The properly the Press the switch located the The turned off. right of the The light should The switch or The outlet of another the to whether the outlet If occurred and the lights off seconds. Troubleshooting the and the ratings. If the match, the immediately and Turn off the the the and the back Turn off the and then the If the
The properly. What to The tractor the tractor arrow selected. the Tractor Select The of the tractor. The tractor arrow the Tractor Select should If the path, Clearing this chapter. smoothly, or What to The supply too supply from the within of the The cover the cover trying to the DR, A5 Chapter If the selected, to the the to Then the Front/Rear to switch to that tractor. If the Select displays memory other than the button. Then the Front/Rear button to switch to that tractor. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 The mounted the the to the correctly. the correctly the The the of The cover or You the right type of within specifications. the specifications A. The head catching the of If the path, Clearing this The What to The off the the to the tractor. tractor. Troubleshooting The the of the with each other. Reposition the the the right to the right to the or to the to release the the covers. the to match the of Then them the to Turn DIP switch to the function.
perforation What to You turned DIP switch when the software the perforation DIP switch perforation the perforation the of the What to The DIP switch to match incorrectly. length. The top of the top of that too high or too the perforation within the The top of while What to The too heavy the specified of the tractor. the A. DR, A5 To DIP switch effective, off the and then back that softwares correct. feeding such as when the optional tractor Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter switch front and tractors, the or the the back to the What to The the tear off to tear off the too or that the to only Then the Front/Rear to switch tractors. You trying to switch tractors when the switch front and tractors, the the selected tractor. What to The of the tractor. The tractor arrow the Tractor Select should Troubleshooting when they backward, the switch tractors. To the tear off the fresh supply below the tractor and the LF/FF to the
The light off the What to The interface Confirm that both of the securely. the and the securely. If the connected correctly, as interface the and/or specifications. software properly that properly selected software. If necessary, or the software as Chapter The and lights and the What to The of that the the specified from the Press the to DR, A5 Chapter interface that the of both the and Chapter and Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter The sounds nothing What to The the as properly. Chapter The the with as Chapter The and the abruptly. What to The to clear the The of too or ribbon. You protective protective off the Then the The and the light flashing. What to The head overheated. the once the head Troubleshooting from the turning the ribbon-tightening or with Then the to
Printout of the or What to The the as properly. Chapter There too the or the of What to The correctly, and the twisting or The head Stop and to the head replaced. The or characters software printed. What to software that correctly software correctly DR, A5 Chapter from the or the with the Ribbon Cartridge Chapter Stop and as Chapter Warning: to the head other of the the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Incorrect characters printed. What to and the correctly. The character Select the character using selected software. software or DIP switch as that the character software the selected with the DIP switch. The selected the the What to Software the software to the too high or too the What to The top software incorrect. The of the the match the within software. Troubleshooting that the interface and that the correct. that the correctly A. the of or the within software or to match the of
the text the What to that to the of each of ON DIP switch that the line-feed to each DIP Switchs The text with of What to commands the of each of The the with software software. match the of used. What to The or the match the of incorrectly using the DIP switches. DR, A5 Chapter that to OFF DIP switch the or DIP switch to the the tractor. DIP Switches Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 the than expected, or the of the top of the What to The top and software incorrect. The perforation and the properly. What to The perforation securely the The perforation and the properly. What to The Select the to correctly. the Chapter You the Turn DIP switch to the the You the the to match to match Troubleshooting them software. Turn off the then the perforation
smoothly. What to The perforation the perforation and correctly then the mounting notches and together properly. the perforation You the right type of within specifications. the specifications A. Clearing To clear follow these Turn off the the top cover. from the loaded. If the tear off the fresh supply the of the If the caught the of the the cover and the back the light flashing and the light DR, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Troubleshooting
Sign-off: Specifications Specifications A-2 A-2 A-4 Mechanical A-13 A-14 A-14 A-15 CE A-15 Interface Specifications A-16 A-16 A-16 Interface Specifications A-17 Optional Perforation Specifications A-17 A5 Specifications A-1
A5 Specifications Characters inch Quality Characters/second/line High-speed Normal Near Near Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected using software commands. spacing: 1/6-inch or of 1/216-inch inches second) to inches when the optional tractor mounted. A-2 Specifications
Printable Characters inch characters 128KB or 0KB (DIP switch Character Characters inch Font pitches EPSON EPSON EPSON (NLQ) EPSON (NLQ) Character One and graphical character graphical character information the character Character international character A5 Specifications A-3
A5 postcards, and with and as follows: to 25C to 77F) to RH (including The or notched The cleanly At the perforation the and perforation should as shown below. OK OK OK The ratio of the the perforation should and The perforation should the to the of the as shown below. The thickness of the perforation when should or A-4 Specifications or
If whose (A the inches), that the (B) inches). The sheets of should securely together the and right or the with inch or that with or The thickness of the when should the as or than the thickness. A5 inches or as thickness or inch or inches or and each Specifications A-5
A5 The should and should creases. The of sheets the should properly. The should the to to inches) to to inches) of sheets Rear thickness inch) Rear inch) to to sheets to to (weight/part) and within the thickness Quality and C C the or software that the the A-6 Specifications The top (below the perforation) inch). The the perforation) inch). C The or right inch). The inches).
should securely attached to the and the should should off their the below. whose covered, the around the of the perforated. each whose covered with the the below. to to inches) inches) A5 wrapping hours C to Specifications A-7
A5 inches inch H) inches inch H) inches inch H) thickness inch) The thickness than inch). Quality or the with Continuous with as the following: The should within the the or perforation. A-8 Specifications inch) or A-3 inch) or C perforation
Printable A5 inch) inches) C thickness inch) inch) inch) or C inch) or inch) or inches) or inch) or inch) or C Specifications A-9
A5 as the following: perforation the of inch) inch) or C From the perforation to the top of the inch) or From the perforation to the of the inch) or thickness including inch) or A-10 Specifications the top of C the of the C
with as the following: the top of the of The should within the the or perforation. A5 inch) or inch) or C inch) or inch) inches) C inch) Thickness of the where the attached: inch) or From the perforation to the top of the inch) or From the perforation to the of the inch) or From the perforation to the of the inch) or thickness including inch) or sheet perforation C the of the Specifications A-11
A5 Printable inch) or inch) or C inch) or inches) or inch) or inch) or inch) or with white the and or the top and The the first the the and the white the the the The often and You or purchase You the with the shown the below, and only with whose reflectivity instance punching the restricted shown below as whose reflectivity A-12 Specifications C C
sheets, that the the and their areas. Mechanical tractor (front and rear) feed with optional tractor head) head life: characters Ribbon: Cartridge ribbon, ribbons Ribbon characters dots/character). and Height: inches) Width: inches) Depth: inches) A5 Specifications A-13
A5 Rated AC AC to Rated to to Rated A) (ISO/IEC Rated AC to AC to Rated to to Rated A) (ISO/IEC This IT with Phase to Phase 220-240V. Operation: 5C to 35C (41F to 95F) 30C to 60C 22F to 140F) Humidity: Operation: to RH without to RH without A-14 Specifications
UL1950 with D3 CSA C22.2 with D3 EMI FCC CSA C108.8 EN (VDE, NEMKO) EMI EN (CISPR AS/NZS Acoustic (A) (ISO CE Directive 73/23/EEC: EN60950 EMC Directive 89/336/EEC: EN55022 EN61000-3-2 EN61000-3-3 EN50082-1 IEC801-2 IEC801-3 IEC801-4 A5 Specifications A-15
A5 Interface Specifications The with bidirectional, interface and optional interface IEEE-1284 (Amphenol) or Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL (IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 (Amphenol) or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 The to the the affirmative when the 00H or 04H, which 00H: of 04H: ID of A-16 Specifications
Interface Specifications The DFX-8500 built-in interface RS-232C interface with the following characteristics. length: parity, or or to V) to V) DTR or Xon/Xoff. Connector EIA Optional Perforation Specifications The below apply to the optional perforation (C81507 to to inches) to to inches) of thickness inches) to to sheets to to and within the thickness You with or with A5 Specifications A-17
A5 Operation: to 35C to 95F) to 60C to 140F) Humidity (without Operation: to RH to RH and weight inches) Width: inches) Depth: inches) A-18 Specifications
Sign-off: Commands and Character EPSON ESC/P B-2 commands B-3 IBM B-6 Character B-7 A5 Commands and Character B-1
A5 EPSON ESC/P Selecting EPSON ESC/P software allows to the advanced and graphics the ESC/P Reference operation: ESC@, ESC U, ESC EM feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC A, CR ESC C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC motion: ESC ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC Font selection: ESC ESC ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC Spacing: ESC ESC Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC B-2 Commands and Character
commands and includes the following EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, and POSTNET. the commands below: ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B Function: ESC Select EAN EAN Interleaved of UPC A, UPC E, POSTNET inch (1/72-inch The and when POSTNET selected. The of POSTNET inch; the inch. A5 Commands and Character B-3
A5 The The character (HRC) The the HRC. The the HRC. of character EAN-13 and UPC-A only) Not to the The of each type The only the following characters type of of characters (HEX) characters (HEX) EAN-13 EAN-8 Interleaved of UPC-A UPC-E POSTNET of characters of characters B-4 Commands and Character 0D to FF 0C 0C or to FF to FF or 0A or 0C 0C to FF 0B 0B or to FF to FF or or 0B
The of each type below. If included the the printed. type EAN13 EAN-8 UPC-A UPC-E Interleaved of POSTNET The following unidirectionally. when with neither printed. when of the the right and text and text the The and characters of to characters. The of A, B, or C) as the first of and and respectively). C and Interleaved of selected, The POSTNET) inch the A5 41-5A), 2B, 2D, 2E, 2F) A, B, C Commands and Character B-5
A5 IBM This the IBM with the following commands. information, reference operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC U, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC ESC ESC ESC CR, ESC ESC C, ESC C0, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC I, ESC ESC [I Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP Character ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC ESC ESC Download: ESC (only B-6 Commands and Character
Character These character selected with the DIP switches or software command. Characters through 7F the as those PC437. Therefore, characters through FF. with the the IBM character with DIP switch as Chapter to 1FH and to 9FH Table selection, as shown below. when selected with DIP switch to 1FH as shown below. A5 Commands and Character B-7
A5 PC437 (USA, PC850 PC860 B-8 Commands and Character B-1 B-2, B-3
PC861 (Icelandic) PC863 (Canadian-French) PC865 (Nordic) A5 Commands and Character B-9 B-4, B-5
A5 BRASCII ISO B-10 Commands and Character B-8, B-9
PC437 PC852 (East PC853 PC855 A5 Commands and Character B-11 B-12, B-13
A5 PC857 PC866 PC869 MAZOWIA (Poland)* B-12 Commands and Character B-14, B-15 B-16, B-17
MJK (CSFR)* ISO ISO 1T A5 Commands and Character B-13 B-18, B-19 B-20
A5 PC774 (LST ISO PC866 LAT. B-14 Commands and Character
PC866UKR* PC APTEC PC708 PC720 A5 Commands and Character B-15 B-21
A5 PC AR864 B-16 Commands and Character character the character
International character You of the following international character with the DIP switches or the ESC command. when the characters the the below the character The following international character selected with the DIP switches or with the ESC command. The following selected with the ESC command. A5 Commands and Character B-17 B-22
A5 Characters the following the ESC (characters) or ESC character) software command. This the IBM B-18 Commands and Character
Sign-off: C Contacting Customer United States and C-2 United and the of Ireland C-4 C-4 Customer C-4 EPSON C-5 Service and C-5 World C-5 Australian C-6 EPSON FAXBACK C-6 EPSON C-6 URL C-6 C-6 EPSON C-7 C-7 C-7 C-8 C-8 Technical C-8 C-8 A5 Contacting Customer C-1 C
A5 If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information this services to the following information: of (The the back of the Brand and of software (Click the About NT, or Software application(s) normally with and their number(s). United States and If purchased the United States or EPSON through the following services: services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. to EPSON of CompuServe type GO EPSON CompuServe the to reach the America free introductory CompuServe membership, and C-2 Contacting Customer
Automated services Service EPSON SoundAdvice to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON FaxAdvice Access technical information You to this service. EPSON Service the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer EPSON technical and information the installation, and operation of EPSON products. (U.S.), or A.M. to P.M., through please the following information ready: Product Product of the You purchase and from EPSON (U.S. only). please If software with EPSON the that technical information. A5 Contacting Customer C-3 C
A5 United and the of Ireland If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, (UK) of services and technical the of Ireland, please the when the UK telephone the following the should as from the of Ireland. The the UK or from the of Ireland, or the They the following information: Information and EPSON products from EPSON) Where to purchase EPSON and options Customer Customer the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty information Customer team, please the Service and Information that with EPSON If this found EPSON service, Service or World below C-4 Contacting Customer
EPSON EPSON Service and specifications the EPSON products information including troubleshooting switch and information To EPSON, using touch-tone You to follow to and once telephone and numbers, EPSON of the to found the that the EPSON and the ID numbers. The to automatically. Service and You the EPSON Service membership required. that software to ANSI and of to Supported include and the that with software and information. first to the Service, phone and (which yourself). World If to the and World information the EPSON products, software and to A5 Contacting Customer C-5 C
A5 Australian EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as this the following information: EPSON FAXBACK EPSON FAXBACK the specifications and EPSON products offered There technical information including of the software and and the through of choices the information to EPSON This where the software and the BBS to the If URL Access the World Worth the You the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON Dont that often and The should the first They often and easily as as the to C-6 Contacting Customer
EPSON EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of The to the information when The information the the This information includes the EPSON type of operating and other information required. the telephone and below: To technical as as other services, to EPSON Limited. A5 Contacting Customer C-7 C
A5 EPSON established both Chinese and English the to with the following information: Product information to of EPSON World board board (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: BBS: Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: To technical as as other services, users to the EPSON Office the telephone and below: BBS: C-8 Contacting Customer
Sign-off: These apply specifically to software that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and of the of Usually to second. bidirectional which the head from to right other and from right to the others. This increases the of or which the of information or memory of information consisting of character of numbers, and that with the characters character of character that graphic or characters. characters inch of the of text characters, often to as pitch. the that both perforated and A5 GL-1
A5 with of that each This from which consists of with the the height of the heads the thickness of the this of the thickness the memory or that when the turned or initialized. DIP switches switches that functions and the of the when turned or initialized. DIP of which each or of One of three character high-speed and ESC to commands. ESC/P EPSON E-S-C-P), of commands that software. The EPSON and software computers. of type such as or (FF) and that the to the top-of-form GL-2
troubleshooting that advanced users the of the and the it each that and ASCII high-speed One of three High-speed of character to high-speed and To establish the of the turning the or INIT input memory interface The the and the interface character or and interface (LF) and that the memory The memory. from the of the from the memory to the memory. The then information from its memory. This frees the to other while the The memory the or the input feed that the top-of-form, and tear-off (NLQ) One of three Near reduces the and increases the of character to high-resolution characters. and high-speed A5 GL-3
A5 of that with forms. The of the than that of the when the The thickness of this thicker than the with This of of and with to follow instructions type. this the thickness the memory The of the that the the interface interface and to the of pitch The of characters inch The The plate the that the The of which the It than the physical of the to software that commands from the the of The the where text or graphics The using the buttons. tractor optional that when or GL-4
that through the Both the front and built-in tractors tractors; they the through the to the head. RAM Access Memory. The of the memory that as and characters. To to its or INIT or turning the off and then back of the operation of the the the the built-in characters its ROM Memory). interface interface The the manually the first of the the switches tractors, the previously back to this tear-off The the the to when the Tear button. This using that the perforation the tear-off top-of-form The the that the as the first The the to this when it the This feed. characters Characters that and the the known as characters. A5 GL-5
A5 GL-6