English software, troubleshooting, and technical specifications. the optional products, information, the on-screen Reference (which when the software). It This to and basic information.
English If least that the the The properly Choosing the the Chapter or or to the from sunlight, light, heat or and humidity, or and from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the outlet where easily the cord. the The try to WARNING the as or other that outlets switches or timers, or fluctuations. interruptions or memory. fiche the and interface they with feeding. these items: cover, or the grounded the and the protective as the Notice screwdriver software
the Then the the the of the the notch each the clicks the top cover and the head to the shown, the the turned off. (The switch should the the Ribbon Cartridge the Unpack the and the Ribbon Cartridge
English the head back and forth to freely. If the and the and the head clicks or crease the ribbon. Turn the ribbon-tightening to the top cover. reasons, the the top cover closed completely. the Ribbon Cartridge
the to the to USB Connecting the Cord the turned off. Then the the AC the back of the properly grounded and the other to IEEE1284 (PARALLEL) IEEE-1284-compatible interface shielded, twisted-pair with Connecting the to You the following interfaces: You to interfaces the switches interfaces when optional interface the Reference to optional interface USB (Universal interface shielded USB RS-232C interface RS-232C (SERIAL) and off. the interface cover. Connecting the Cord
English Turn The software the CD-ROM XP, and NT the connected to turned off. the Software or seriously the the turning the protective instructions with the the software Follow on-screen instructions to the the software CD-ROM. You this Turn and to If the New or other appears when the follow the instructions below to the Reference and the Remote utility. If to CD-ROM, and OK the to the You the software and Software the and You this If appear, the CD-ROM. To the Reference the DFX-9000 Reference or (or EPSON DFX-9000 Reference Reference and the Reference Select Reference the and The DFX-9000 Reference appears the Software
The easy to Follow these to and the Remote Select EPSON Remote the and the You this the (You to to the Click Next and follow the on-screen instructions. If the to switch the to COM2 the Remote Switch it back to COM1 when Remote Remote To the on-screen (or To the (or Remote and the Remote
English The to the thickness of the when the to SelecType SelecType You from inches to inches the automatically. Loading the optional perforation C81507X) the from inches to inches matches the specifications the on-screen Reference Loading On the Tractor the supply the smoothly the enough around the the of fresh and from front tractor and tractor. to both tractors rear front tractor the Two-Tractor the front cover Release the right and the that of with the tractors the supply than the to supply. You the following of with tractor: Supported and Single-sheet Loading Continuous with
both covers. the the to the of the arrow the the to arrow the facing the first the and clean, straight and that the of the covers. the right to match the of the right the straight and there the the (The right slightly.) the the to the too tightly. than four inches the them off the tractor. Loading On the Tractor
English If the front tractor arrow light red, the LF/FF to the the front cover slightly, then front the front cover; slightly closing Turn the it off. If the arrow light red, the Front/Rear to switch to the front tractor. the switches tractors, the automatically. If to the the The front arrow light and the to the top-of- on-screen Reference You hear the head to the and appears the LCD. Ready Either the front or Tractor Select arrow lights to the that selected Loading On the Tractor
the right the to the right of the arrow the the to Loading On the Rear Tractor the back cover as shown below. the to match the of arrow the the back. Release the right and the back cover both covers. Loading On the Rear Tractor
English the the straight. the the (The slightly.) clean, straight and that the of the facing through the the back. the first the and the covers. to the too tightly. the back cover and Loading On the Rear Tractor
You easily switch the front and tractors, and to switching tractors. switch tractors the the tearing off the fresh supply below the and LF/FF to the Switching and Rear Tractors Turn the off. You hear the head to the and Ready appears the LCD. Either the front or rear Tractor Select arrow lights to the that selected If the front or tractor, it as (front) or (rear). To tear off or the Tear and tear off the the perforation. Turn the If the arrow light red, the to the LF/FF Reference tear-off perforation with the the Tear-Off and switching tractors. If the tear off the front light and the Press the Front/Rear to switch to the top-of-form to the other tractor. The selected If to the the The arrow light and the to the top-of- on-screen Reference If the front tractor arrow light red, the Front/Rear to switch to the tractor. the switches tractors, the automatically. Switching and Rear Tractors
English the front cover or the back cover and the back Follow the when to the the front or tractor. To tear off or the Tear and tear off the the perforation. the covers and the from the tractor. If the perforation with the tear-off tear off the and the Tear-Off on-screen Reference the Loading On the Tractor or Loading On the Rear Tractor instructions. tear off the fresh supply below the tractor and LF/FF to the or To with or Press the Front/Rear to switch to the other tractor. The selected to the top-of-form
English Selects of the Selecting Font and Pitch SelecType and the Item to the previous or option. or Font Item Function Button/Light This chapter the buttons and lights the the Chapter the to the previous option SelecType and to the tear-off or Tear SelecType and Selects of the pitch the Item to the or option. or information. Pitch Item the clears its and its both the Font and Pitch Font and Pitch buttons the the buttons Selecting and pitch and Lights the or the or the SelecType and the Tear and Top of buttons the SelecType and the to the option the top-of-form and the top-of-form with the or buttons. Top of On when the tear-off Tear light Top of Tear and buttons the such as the top-of-form and tear-off Advances to the top-of-form when the of when when seconds. LF/FF On when the top-of-form and tear-off Top of light On when the front selected. The light when loaded, or when the tractor of Tractor Select light On when the selected. The light when loaded, or when the of Rear Tractor Select light Function Button/Light the Selects the front or tractor. If using tractor, first the this to switch the tractor. Front/Rear
or the there other functions as follows: While through software the the software CD-ROM. the temporarily, and when when or the to On when the of light Flashes when the head overheats. On when the light Function Button/Light instructions the Remote the on-screen software. To SelecType, follow the instructions below. when the to SelecType and SelecType Usually, to the and pitch to If necessary, however, of the pitches) with the the as below. (The from the The pitches the select: Selecting Font and Pitch inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches inches, inches, inches, inches Press the Top of to English Spanish, The below the SelecType High Pitch Font inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches, inches inches, inches, inches, inches front to Right to inch inch On perforation that the If the to to its seconds and the pitch selected Press the The first pitch displayed the LCD. Pitch Press the Pitch the pitch to The LCD to its seconds and the selected Press the Font The first the LCD. Press the the to The LCD Font to On tear off On feed Selecting Font and Pitch
to to This IBM PPDS USB, Optional I/F (Interface) seconds seconds I/F (Interface) ESC/P IBM PPDS Software On This when the optional and the IP to or PING. This appears when the buttons (Tear and Top of SelecType This when the optional perforation (#C81570X) Follow these to SelecType and the These when the optional and the Germany, U.K., PC865, PC861, BRASCII, ISO PC437 PC850, PC860, PC863, PC858, ISO U.S.A., Italy, Character BPS BPS, BPS, BPS, BPS, BPS, BPS On I/F You the LCD. Press the Top of to the Press the buttons Tear and Top of to the SelecType The LCD displays the currently selected Press the Item Font or Item Pitch to the to If the Tear or Top of the Press the Item Pitch to the NLSP PC437 PC850, PC860, PC863, PC865, PC858, ISO PC437 PC853, PC855, ISO PC866 LAT., PC866 UKR, PC APTEC, PC708, PC720, PCAR864, PC771, PC437 Italy, PC861, BRASCII, ISO PC852, PC857, PC866, PC869, MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO 1T, PC774, PC MC, PC1250, PC1251, U.S.A., Germany, U.K., the options the the Press the Tear or Top of to through You the the Item Font or Item Pitch seconds. You the options holding the Tear or Top of seconds. Table Table IBM character (IBM PPDS) On CR (IBM PPDS) On On On On On SelecType and the Tear and Top of The LCD displays to IP PING IP On with On
You to these of thickness. to to 1/216-inch top First If off the to exiting the SelecType and If to the the Tear If to the the Top of The SelecType to to 1/216-inch to to 1/120-inch to to 1/120-inch the to PG to PG the to the head when Lock-out turned information about or to choose which buttons to Lock-out with function the to Unlock Unlock Unlock, Unlock, LF Lock-out the of the the where to the head to the thickness as includes to to the If of thicknessesfor that the SelecType as to the the with to On Unlock Tear Unlock, FF Unlock, Top of Unlock, Font Unlock, Pitch Unlock, Front/Rear Unlock, Unlock,
English You the of buttons the turning Lock-out Lock-out the and Tear the Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise, the Follow these to and the and off the If to other buttons, to which buttons to To off Lock-out the The once, indicating that Lock-out turned off. both the Font and Pitch buttons and the It that Lock-out turned Follow these to Lock-out Turn off the (Turning the this three Turn the while holding the Font to the [SelecType] and The instructions and the that selected SelecType Press the Tear or Top of to the or To the other the and the as SelecType Press the Item Font or Item Pitch to the item to and to the You the holding the Item Font or Item Pitch seconds. choosing the option, to to other the Item or Item or You through options holding the Tear or Top of seconds. Press the Tear or Top of to the options within the selected option the the selecting turn off the to and the
the
English The top cover The the cover the and the instructions. Ribbon Ribbon LCD and light This chapter the and to clear If the the information the troubleshooting information, on-screen Reference Where To Troubleshooting Chapter the once the head then If the Turn off the and off unknown occurred. The head overheated. the cover. Top of Tear Turn off Rear head Please the following to the The once when the function Three On, Flashing the or the Front/Rear to the and correctly. the selected tractor. The correctly. LCD and light Tear off the the perforation; then the LF/FF button. The the to the the the top and the or Front/Rear Clear the as The to the the Switching completed Troubleshooting and the instructions. Ribbon Ribbon
to through AM PM U.S.: to through AM PM To to technical Turn off the and the front or back the tractor currently used). Tear off the supply of the perforation the Clearing or charges apply. please the following information ready: of purchase (such as and of purchase Product (located the back of the Product DFX-9000) of the the cover and the the light flashing and the light off. Gently the of the of Where To authorized information and to the authorized please 800-GO-EPSON or of www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Where to To purchase please the You purchase and from products www.epson.com, the and SM below. technical hours through the the troubleshooting information, the information If operating properly and the services and services below. and other At this troubleshooting information, and technical From the reach through World Service To these services, following SoundAdvice to SM of services hours tone and the the DFX-9000 SoundAdvice: Automated Telephone Services Clearing
English bidirectional, with IEEE Interfaces: RS-232C USB Product Information This chapter includes: Chapter ESC/P, IBM PPDS optional interface to Rated to Notices FCC Declaration of Conformity) Specifications specifications instructions Warranty (ISO/IEC A) Rated to to Rated High NLQ Printable (without to RH to 35C to 95F) to RH to 25C to 77F) or characters character) Ribbon and (front/rear) tractor; (front, rear) feed Approx. (A) (ISO Acoustic S015384 Black Ribbon: Product Information to RH to 60C to 140F)
of these instructions using the follow and instructions the the or or heat Instructions built-in interfaces. the Reference Optional interface to options such as tractor or perforation further information.) the It properly or to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. or the and the and through the the type of indicated the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please authorized information and to the authorized please 800-GO-EPSON or of You purchase and from products www.epson.com, the and Where to To purchase please the NERGY TAR the cleaning and with cloth only. If with the the rating of the the the outlet the cords Also, the of or cord. the ENERGY STAR that the and office industry to the Office with monitors, and this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The International ENERGY STAR introduction of computers, to reduce caused You to the head to the If the the head cool touching the following the or the and servicing to service the the or normally or performance. as specifically the to service the yourself. other of the when the head replaced. the head yourself; the Also, that they those the This the head and other to used. them cool touching them. Instructions only those that covered the operating instructions.
English and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; Declaration of Conformity FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These interference to or reception. there interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to and, and with the instructions, to reasonable protection interference This and that interference If this to the interference or of the following expected to within the accepted, interference received, including interference that operation. interference, and this to the tested and found to 47CFR to the following this responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to and testing as with the Records to the Telephone: Airport CA America, Inc. MS Located Increase the the and receiver. or the EPSON P371A of Product: with this If this than interface The of non-shielded to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded connected to interfaces. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING This Class of the Interface Causing Regulations. or the the authority to the users FCC United States toutes
NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC., NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. What Covered: Inc. warrants to the first of the United States or conforms to the and free from with this warranty that the purchased and the workmanship and of three years from the of purchase. specified which the of the warranty the warrants that the with the to the warranty service, of the of purchase. EPSON AMERICA, INC., LIMITED WARRANTY allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to To Authorized Servicer the the United States. write to: America, Inc., P. O. CA include both warranties and warranty please the EPSON or SM warranty instructions and authorization, required. its option, or the without charge or warranty service or or repaired to the of or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. of the United States, warranty this through warranty service. On-site service within of the Epson-authorized service business hours, through excluded. If service or the located within of Epson-authorized service warranty service with the or choose to charge warranty service to provided. Service hours and service or instances. to service, the technician to as as to What To Correct Should the the of the or of the item becomes property. The electricity, and transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information rights of this publication reproduced, or as to other Copyright Information States and This warranty and apply to products purchased from or peripheral to the its from installation, caused such as fire, incurred warranty service responsibility. If What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United or should the to properly or to function properly as of This warranty cover to the caused and warranty service should the or or the rating or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover or third claimed or service, products, or service other than Epson-authorized servicer. and and software interaction with boards, or chips. This warranty coverage. incurred such service. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or incurred the purchaser or third as of: instructions. options or products other than those as Products or Corporation or from the of Products Corporation. and ESC/P of Corporation. ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR CPD-19384 America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. EPSON AMERICA, INC., LIMITED WARRANTY