FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of the information contained While every the of this America, Inc. responsibility or Neither from the of the information This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of Class WARNING FOR CANADIAN USERS
The and software and this and copyrighted. The copyright of this Corporation and the copyrights of the software and this Incorporated and the U.S. and Office. of Corporation. and of Linotype AG and/or its ITC ITC ITC Chancery, ITC and of International Typeface Corporation. IBM and IBM PC of International Corporation. II, and IIP of Company. and of Apple Computer, Inc. of Apple Computer, Inc. of Corporation. of Incorporated. Copyright Corporation Copyright America Inc. California
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to operation of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat This should built-in provided. This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding-type third (grounding) This grounding-type This If to the the to the of the grounding-type this where the
If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the of this through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the and servicing to service the following A. the or or B. If the C. If the to or D. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions of other and often to the to operation. E. If the or the F. If the performance, indicating service.
Information The EPL-7500 as Class which that the radiation. Since the completely within protective housings and covers, the from the phase of operation. WARNING: of or performance of other than those specified this The shown below that the Class as BS4803 and IEC specifications. Radiation Radiation (W) This Class Assembly that invisible The head NOT FIELD SERVICE ITEM. Therefore, the head should
operation, amount of released. This amount enough to to the where the high of or the continuously of
Chapter the the the cover the Carrying the Assembling the the cleaning the the Attaching the cord.. the
the the to to the following when selecting the the enough to the or workstation its to reach. grounded that three to match the the around the to allow easy and The below shows the amount of recommended the
If the optional inches) of the there inches) of to the of the to the To enough to the cover, allow inches) from the of the to or directly the as shown below. the
the If the optional inches) directly the CAUTIONS: the cover The to as shown the following the to the cover, the of about This protects the from overexposure to light. the cover as as the (about The instructions this which to each the locations that to sunlight, heat, or outlets that switches or timers. of information memory and memory. outlets the with or other that might the supply. the and from of interference, such as or the of telephones.
the the
the The and the separately. the At the top of this the accessory containing this the which protected white the accessory and the shown below. the
the from the and Since the heavy, to the protecting the Then the from the that You the these whenever Chapter the Unpacking the
the the from the and the the wrench to the screws the front of the as shown below. the
the front and the cover as as as shown below. the protective To the the top of the the clicks Finally, to that the of the the Unpacking the
the Carrying the to the location selected the each of the as shown below. The about and should with You to the
Assembling the the to its operating location the the cleaning The first that to the cleaning It the The cleaning constantly cleans the of the fusing which toner the the
Assembling the the and the cleaning the and the them the front and the cover to the as shown below. the
WARNING: the the operation, the becomes the cleaning the and the top of the To the the match the the cleaning with the the as shown below. the The the and the Chapter information life. CAUTION: The light-sensitive. to light than and to light than light. the Assembling the
Assembling the the the following whenever the the the protective cover. scratch or the of the Also, the from permanently its and the
the to sunlight. If the first with the or with cloth. the clean, smooth to or the It least hour from to the Follow these to the from sunlight. where or (such as where the or high or to the Assembling the
Assembling the Follow these to the the from its CAUTION: the protective cover. It protects the from light and the as shown below and the from to to the the
the firmly, as shown below, to the clear completely. the the four or Assembling the the
Assembling the the cover the the as shown below. the of the the the and the as as the
that the the and the top of the the clicks CAUTION: the with the Chapter or the the the the from the the Assembling the
Assembling the the the front of the the notches of the with the the then the as shown below. the notches securely the the If the properly, OUT OF PAPER appear the the
the the cord, the switch the of the turned off. It off when the the switch the as shown below. WARNING: If the rated of the and outlet match, the the Assembling the
Assembling the the the the back of the as shown below. Then the other of the properly grounded the
Chapter Testing and Connecting The lights Testing the Loading Turning the the Connecting the to Computer.. IBM and users.. users Connecting the interface Other interface selections Connecting the interface Testing and Connecting
The The of three buttons, lights, and You the to and and the lights and the of the The shows the and options. The of information and of each below. such as WARMING UP, the and such as COVER OPEN, inform of that or of SelecType such as MODE, allow to selection, and other information SelecType, Chapter of and Chapter Testing and Connecting
lights LEVEL LEVEL One of these lights when the the SelecType which These lights off the SelecType ON LINE The light when the indicating that the and the off this light off. This light when the HP CONTINUE and there information the It One of these lights when CH S, CH the indicated and the without The CH light or interface. The CH light the interface. Testing and Connecting The
The FEED HP this the HP If there the this the to the If there nothing the this This operates the ON LINE light and WAITING appears the This inactive other ON LINE Switches the (READY) and off This switch when SelecType Testing and Connecting You these four arrows to and options SelecType Their Chapter
CONTINUE RESET-If this while QUIT COPY END/RESET THE JOB the the to QUITTING THE JOB and the flushed from the memory. If other buttons, the to its without or SelecType Press once to Select to of the SelecType and their Chapter Testing and Connecting The
Testing the the containing text and graphics. Normally, of the about seconds the The the STARTPAGE option SelecType to OFF or the than three to the STARTPAGE option to The useful information about and the properly and ready to You with the TEST PRINT option SelecType Chapter the from the as Chapter the and as the following section. You to the to to Loading The to of To follow the below. information Testing and Connecting
the to the the the as shown below. Testing and Connecting Testing the
Testing the of A4 or (high-quality recommended) and the of the to the the of the that the top of the the height the as shown below. Gently the as as Testing and Connecting
the together they both lightly the the back to the Testing and Connecting Testing the
Testing the The the from the If the to the when the feeding and the OUT OF PAPER appears the there the ready to the and Turning the the and the then the the the switch located the back of the of the lights the light The following appear the as the of internal and Testing and Connecting
CAUTIONS: the cover while the or off the least seconds turning back It approximately seconds the to its Then the the the printed, the and the shows READY. If the troubleshooting information. The information about of typical shown the Testing and Connecting Testing the
Testing the Testing and Connecting
If the correctly, to the section the to this chapter. If the properly, Chapter troubleshooting information. You the of the with the If too light or too the as follows: the to the cover to the the the front right of the as shown below. Testing and Connecting Testing the
Testing the the clockwise as shown. Increasing the increases toner If to the lighter the counterclockwise as shown. If to the to the factory the the with the the Testing and Connecting
the cover. to the To this, the off, seconds, and Testing and Connecting Testing the
Connecting the to The EPL-7500 four built-in interfaces, choosing which to easy. The below. The others this chapter. IBM and interface to the interface with shielded and the Connecting the interface this chapter. Follow the below to the interface and then to the with properly shielded CAUTION: the selected the interface the EPL-7500. To the interface, follow these Turn the and the Press ON LINE to the off Press SelecType The light If INTERFACE appear the once. INTERFACE appears the Testing and Connecting
Press once and then APPLETALK appears the Press once. SELECTED appears the then APPLETALK* appears. The shows that selected. Press once, then once, then once. Press SAVE LEVEL appears the Press once. Turn the off. CAUTION: If the with the SelecType INTERFACE option to other interface. to the APPLETALK or the interface Turn off both the and the and the Connecting the to Testing and Connecting
Connecting the to the securely the CH S1 as shown below. the other of the Connecting the interface The EPL-7500 the factory If interface and shielded to immediately. Follow these to the interface Turn off both and Then the from the Testing and Connecting
the securely the CH interface of the as shown below. the together they of the Connecting the to Testing and Connecting
Connecting the to If wire, to the ground as shown. the other of the grounding wires the as If this to the ground screw the Other interface selections The EPL-7500 four built-in interfaces, of which earlier this chapter. RS-232 RS-422 Testing and Connecting
CAUTION: The EPL-7500 factory-set the interface. To another interface, the INTERFACE SelecType the interface instructions SelecType Choosing interface The type of interface choose PC users choose the or interfaces. Apple users the interface The EPL-7500 PC than If and to the interactive or choose of the interfaces. If which interface Connecting the to Testing and Connecting
Connecting the to Connecting interface The EPL-7500 wired to (RS-232) and the other to (RS-422) of which asynchronous If to of the interfaces, that properly shielded and that the and the EPL-7500. to the SelecType INTERFACE to the to the interface. the with the SAVE LEVEL option. Chapter instructions SelecType Connecting the RS-232 interface Follow these to the RS-232 interface Turn off both the and Then the from the the securely the CH S2 interface as shown below. Testing and Connecting
screwdriver to the screws of the required. If grounding wire, to the ground the other of the the screws to the interface, required.) Connecting the to Testing and Connecting
Connecting the to Connecting to the RS-422 interface Follow these to the RS-422 interface Turn off both the and Then the from the the securely the CH S1 interface as shown below. the other of the the screws to the interface, This the of the RS-422 interface the the RS-422 You to interface with the SelecType INTERFACE option to the with the SAVE LEVEL option. Chapter instructions the interface to with Testing and Connecting
Chapter SelecType SelecType SelecType SelecType SelecType.. lights, and the to using SelecType SelecType options SelecType
SelecType The SelecType function the allows to memory and without DIP switches or software commands. SelecType as shown below. of each option follows. SelecType this chapter of and options. instructions SelecType, to SelecType, this chapter. SOFTWARE INPUT OUTPUT MISCELLANEOUS the Reference Card the back of this of SelecType and SelecType INTERFACE MISCELLANEOUS
SelecType the operating SOFTWARE the feeding and the INPUT Selects the face-down or optional OUTPUT to their factory MISCELLANEOUS recovery, and displays the amount of memory each software SelecType the interface INTERFACE to their factory MISCELLANEOUS the or off, the or off, displays the of the and recovery or off. SelecType SelecType
SelecType This section to SelecType. lights, and the The SelecType of the the SelecType and lights, four arrow buttons, and the SelecType, options appear the There three of the SOFTWARE option, to of further choices; options, the PAGES option, information, and options, the TEST PRINT option, the to action. If option leads to of choices or to another option, to further options action they information. SelecType and SelecType. Press once to or to The and lights which active.
the arrow buttons to through and to and SelecType They active when SelecType Pressing them other sounds three If arrow that the three and the to SelecType There to SelecType: SelecType to the option to select. Select the option. the necessary. SelecType to each the following This section the SelecType OUTPUT option to the to using SelecType. You to each as hands-on or selects option or action. through the options to the options the You the options the buttons. SelecType
SelecType SelecType To SelecType Press ON LINE to the off The reads OFF LINE. SelecType and Press the SelecType once to or to The LEVEL or LEVEL light to which active. Press SelecType once to SelecType to the option SelecType or of the options appears the To the other options this the and buttons. Press the OUTPUT option appears the as shown below. Press to the of the OUTPUT option. This option choices. The currently selected OUTPUT option appears the as shown below. The shows that FACE DOWN currently selected. You or to the other choices this You back to the SelecType
Select the option To option, To the or to to FACE UP. should this: Press to SELECTED appears the then the following appears: The shows that FACE-UP selected. It selected or off the the as the section. If to option that already selected, IS SELECTED appears the FACE UP selected, the of the and the to the FACE UP SelecType SelecType
the If to each turn the the SAVE LEVEL option or SAVE LEVEL option to Press to back to the Press or MISCELLANEOUS appears the Press to the MISCELLANEOUS One of the options the MISCELLANEOUS appears the Press. to to the SAVE LEVEL option, as o shown below. Press to the The when the SelecType Press ON LINE to SelecType Next, through the FACE DOWN. Then back to its and the to SelecType. SelecType
SelecType This section options SelecType. the Reference Card of the SelecType and options. options the off the SelecType once to SelecType One of the options below appears the SOFTWARE INPUT OUTPUT MISCELLANEOUS Each of these options below. the factory each option. POSTSCRIPT* HP LASERJET II PS BINARY This option selects of three operating that the The offers the of features. PS and switching HP II the HP II SelecType
SelecType This option includes the three shown below. TRAY PAPERSIZE STD TRAY PAPERSIZE OPT TRAY STANDARD* OPTION MANUAL FEED This option selects whether the from the the optional or the feed If choose STANDARD, the from the If choose OPTION, the from the optional If to feed manually, choose MANUAL FEED. If the optional or the correctly the NO PAPER appears the SelecType
LETTER* B5 HALFLETTER LEGAL GLT GLG EXECUTIVEPAGE F4 You the PAPER SIZE option to choose the of the the Chapter the of each The factory This option the the chosen the the selected match the the the from the location specified with the TRAY option and within the specified the PAPERSIZE STD TRAY CAUTION: that choose than the SelectType SelecType
SelecType LETTER* B5 HALFLETTER LEGAL GLT GLG EXECUTIVEPAGE F4 You choose of the the optional with the PAPER SIZE option. This option the optional Chapter the of each The factory This option the the chosen the the selected match the the from the location specified with the TRAY option and within the specified the PAPERSIZE OPT TRAY CAUTION: absolutely that choose than the the of SelecType
FACE DOWN* FACE UP The factory face-down top of the If to choose first the optional and the to the FACE UP information the optional If FACE UP without the and the the software distinguish and those software to the This option includes the shown below. RESET LEVEL SAVE LEVEL RECOVERY VM RAM:XXXXXX LJ RAM SelecType SelecType
SelecType Each of MISCELLANEOUS options below. This option to their factory Press to the or to to the without the This option the Press to the that they each the Press to this without PARTIAL* COMPLETE this option recovery) to PARTIAL, when clear the the RECOVERY option to PARTIAL, because this option to COMPLETE and the the clear the SelecType
This option displays the amount of memory If the memory with the optional memory board, this information to whether newly-installed board correctly. You to memory or graphics. LJ AVAIL:XXXXXXXX LJ ALLOCATION NONE* LJ AVAIL displays the amount of memory the HP LJ ALLOCATION the of memory HP The of memory from NONE to Press or to the The becomes effective the with SAVE LEVEL option and the off then back the to downloaded HP increase the chance of memory of the completely. SelecType SelecType
SelecType options the off SelecType to One of the options below appears the INTERFACE MISCELLANEOUS of these options below. the factory PARALLEL* SERIAL RS232 SERIAL RS422 APPLETALK This option selects the interface. The four interfaces. PARALLEL, SERIAL RS232, and SERIAL RS422 to other The APPLETALK option CAUTION: Whenever the INTERFACE the with the SelecType SAVE LEVEL option and the off the interface or SelecType
The PARALLEL option as shown below: BUSY DELAY: BUSY DELAY: BUSY DELAY: This option the from the ACKNLG to the BUSY and microseconds. this option to microseconds. The SERIAL RS232 and SERIAL RS422 options these BAUD RATE PARITY FLOW CONTROL (RS232 only) STOP BITS of each interface option follows BAUD BAUD BAUD BAUD BAUD BAUD* BAUD BAUD BAUD (RS422 only) SelecType SelecType
SelecType this option to the the interface. The measured and software the MARK OR NONE* SPACE OR NONE PARITY ODD PARITY EVEN this option to or or or The used, of and software the XON/XOFF* DTR XON/XOFF DTR This option with SERIAL RS232. You from options, the XON/XOFF or the DTR Ready) the the input to bytes, the XOFF indicating that Once the the recovers to bytes, the XON or the DTR to high (SPACE) indicating that ready to SelecType
ST OP BIT STOP BITS* This option the of each character information to the Stop the of character. DATA BITS DATA BITS* You from options: or length. and software the This option includes the shown below. BEEPER STARTPAGE TEST PRINT SAVE LEVEL PAGES:XXX FACTORY RESET ERROR HANDLER STANDBY SelecType of SelecType
SelecType Each of these options below. BEEPER:ON* BEEPER:OFF this option sounds when the option off, the sound. STARTPAGE:ON* STARTPAGE:OFF this option the whenever the The text and graphics and know the EPL-7500 ready. this option off, the when the the STARTPAGE option to off, the TEST PRINT option below. this option to to whether correctly. to the TEST PRINT option; then once. You the following while the EPL-7500 the SelecType
this option to they each the Counts the of the EPL-7500 installation. LETER A4 FACTORY RESET and to their factory this option, the shows LETTER or A4. Choose the that to the PAPERSIZE STD TRAY and PAPERSIZE OPT TRAY SelecType Then to the or to to the without the SelecType SelecType
SelecType ERROR HANDLER:ON ERROR HANDLER:OFF* this option the when they this option off, they This the interface. STANDBY:DISALLOWED* STANDBY:ALLOWED The to reducing the to the fixing heater whenever or to the this the as as or becoming ready to within seconds. The DISALLOWED, which the warmed and ready to SelecType
Chapter Choosing Choosing Choosing Methods.. feed Loading the Loading Manually
Choosing With this and of You other of such as and overhead The of from the while hand-feeding This chapter the choices and to and The type of directly affects the of The of of toner that to the If the rough, the of the become of the the The smoother the the You should smooth originals that to its to the of the to with the supply its wrapper. to the or Following selecting and other Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or
office You the to of to This typically includes such as sheets, bond, and If manually or through the to choice. If to should of and relatively smooth. that the textured or too rough, the output as clear. or that smear or off when subjected to the high of the or other You as as the office however, coated to which coating only or the optional this the from or off the To the from with the that completely the that there the the of top of of If the the to Choosing to
Choosing as shown below. the of The of thicknesses. If the too light, the counterclockwise. the to the when back to ordinary Also, of the optional output Other You overhead and they with or these the optional
Choosing The feed of automatically. To the with SelecType. You to the the to match the of the to If the optional instructions selecting The below of the the SelecType Not the this the the commonly You of the the SelecType SAVE LEVEL option that the often selected whenever or Chapter inches A4 A5 B5 inches inches (Government inches (Government inches F4
Choosing The EPL-7500 offers choices the type of or other to Choose face-down or (with the optional feed Select or feed. The face-down top of the or the optional The of face-down that when the turned the first of the top and the The factory-set face-down The optional of Also, this of recommended such as and overhead that straight-through path. To choose the optional as A. the to the FACE UP as shown below.
Then the OUTPUT option SelecType to Chapter SelecType instructions. with the optional choose or To choose face-down when the the to FACE DOWN, and the OUTPUT option to The of automatically from the however, hand-feeding The following recommended (If to other to sheets Choosing
Choosing To the with the top of the the first. or or face-down or or or face-down or
Loading the The to of To the follow these the to the as shown below. the the as shown below.
Loading the of and the of the to the as shown. the of the that the top of the below the height the the as as
To such as inches), the as shown below. the together they both lightly the of Loading the
Loading the the to the clicks The back to the from the If the while the the displays the OUT OF PAPER there the If the SelecType to choose the as Chapter Press ON LINE to the the rotating of the
Loading Manually If to heavy or or other the the or hand- feed Hand-feeding when to type of than already the You hand-feed from inches) to inches). It easy to hand-feed with this follow the below: the SelecType TRAY option to MANUAL FEED. to SelecType. If necessary, SelecType to choose the as Chapter If the ON LINE to the off the to the
Loading Manually the feed to match the of as shown below. of the feed as as (The displays the READY when the correctly.)
the with the to to the back of the with the and heavy the optional recommended. the the Press ON LINE to the then the hand-feed the rotating sheet of To to the back to the and the TRAY option to STANDARD. Loading Manually
Chapter Application Software with Application Software.. selection the Graphics publishing Integrated Word Spreadsheets Fonts EPL-7500 with Application Software
with Application Software Once the with to the type of using that the of the features. or that of to choose from. If selection follow the instructions below to the performance from selection three operating It factory-set to the and this the of features. If choose another operating with the SelecType SOFTWARE option, software to match the operating to to that the SOFTWARE option SelecType to If follow the Chapter to the with SelecType. PC users: Choose EPL-7500 from the selection If the the EPL-7500, choose users: instructions If the EPL-7500 the choose the Application Software
HP If the or using written specifically the HP the SelecType SOFTWARE option to to HP Then choose the first from the below from selection HP II HP HP HP If of these that the HP Command (PCL). the software, and the and that the shows the EPL-7500 with Application Software
the of built-in functions that to the these features, the these converted the commands the Application the orientation, the of text lines-per-inch, the of and other features. software information with Graphics The EPL-7500 graphics finely graphic It and graphic or of The to of using of the graphics graphics software, the option to EPL-7500 or These should with To graphics, to increase the MB of RAM the optional memory board. about memory. that match the to softwares graphics software the that to Chapter Application Software
publishing Whether serious publisher or professional from EPL-7500 choose publishing written specifically publishing the EPL-7500, or from the selection Nearly publishing the If, however, software to To that to increase the MB of RAM. about memory Integrated integrated should EPL-7500 or another from the selection To the of choose integrated written integrated include of such Word Spreadsheets Graphics If from the selection with the non-graphics of follow the instructions the section earlier this chapter. Application Software the
the Word Word usually of the text to the printed, the and translated commands these others the text exactly as appear when printed, or Spreadsheets Although spreadsheets as as they If spreadsheet selection choose the EPL-7500 or another If spreadsheet the information. Application Software
Professional-looking publishing easy with the EPL-7500. built-in to exciting The below to brochures, whatever Once choose should to of the to You anywhere the or You them. choose the with or software commands. EPL-7500 them instructions With to choose from, You tempted to and the EPL-7500 them, the and confusing. these as You that both interesting and easy to read. Choose or and then the Too the cluttered. text another. Application Software
Fonts EPL-7500 of the below information and information the HP ITC ITC ITC Light ITC Light Application Software
New Century Schoolbook New Century Schoolbook New Century Schoolbook New Century Schoolbook Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Application Software
ITC ITC ITC ITC ITC Chancery Italic* *This the calligraphic shown ITC Application Software
with the terms associated with This section basic about with and as or Both of these terms originated with and they to the appearance of the characters. or or foot the of of the that each the and of type and newspapers and when that easy to read. characterized their clean, They or foot, the of each Helvetica and ITC when This Helvetica headings and with amounts of This Application Software Fonts
Fonts the height of This of originated with and useful to type of inch. The below shows of the and The with to software. One of the of the the to text rotation. Font rotation effective publishing and graphic Application Software
You to text path-a or The below shows text instructions creating these effects. to the of the You the of the or the the of the when spreadsheets, graphics, or of and shown below. Application Software
Chapter and Transportation LOW ON TONER the Cleaning the Cleaning the the cleaning Routine Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the Cleaning the Removing toner Cleaning the Transporting Unpacking the and Transportation
LOW ON TONER You the as the section as as the LOW ON TONER appears. Follow this of whenever the LOW ON TONER instructions the following the Clean the wire. Clean the the cleaning the Follow these to the the turned off; then the from the and Transportation
the to the Stop the as shown below. the as shown below and to and Transportation LOW ON TONER
the The of however, follow regulations Cleaning the Next, should the charger wire. The charger from the to the You should the charger the of that cleaning the charger wire. Follow these to clean the charger wire: the the or the to the and Transportation
the charger the path. It thin and to instantly. CAUTION: cleaning the charger wire, that too The and apply too Also, the with the and Transportation
Clean the charger the the of the wire, as shown below. from to right when cleaning the charger wire. the Cleaning the the the cover. and Transportation
Gently the with cloth. the cleaning the charger and the the cleaning and the to the as shown below. and Transportation LOW ON TONER
LOW ON TONER the cleaning the The cleaning the with the yellow the WARNING: If the recently, the cool the cleaning the and the cleaning as shown below. to from the the the cleaning and Transportation
the cleaning with the the cleaning and the the the Match the the cleaning with the the as shown below. and Transportation
LOW ON TONER the to the CAUTION: the the to light than necessary. the light-sensitive, should to lighting then light. the protective cover. and Transportation
the from the the as shown below, from to to the toner evenly, as shown below. the yellow as shown below, to the clear and Transportation LOW ON TONER
the to the the as shown below. the of the the the and as as and Transportation
the the top of the the clicks and Transportation
Routine Cleaning The procedures each the should its however, of and ordinary the If the of the the the path, and the as below. You should the and the months. These procedures this section. the or the the that as Chapter If the unsatisfactory, Chapter troubleshooting the the the high the process. The located the back of the should months. If to the Follow these to the the turned off. and Transportation
the from the back of the the and the as shown below. the the and the as shown below. and Transportation
and the Cleaning the of and ordinary the Follow the below to the the to the as shown below. and Transportation
WARNING: the the which If the recently, the to the cool the the closed while that the to light. from the with cloth. Cleaning the the cloth to the following the the and Transportation
the and its the of the the off the of the with cloth, as shown below. the the top of the the clicks and Transportation
Cleaning the The located the of the input path. Follow these to the the as shown below. the path. feed the of the input and Transportation
Lightly the with clean, cloth. Removing toner If toner the the of the Follow these to toner If only amount of toner the of the with cloth. If amount of toner from supply stores) to CAUTIONS: or other cleaners. the instructions the input path, to the with the cleaner or and Transportation
If toner clothing, off with or the toner Cleaning the If the or with clean cloth with as shown below. that the off. CAUTIONS: or thinner to clean the these chemicals the as as the to the or and Transportation
Transporting If to the such as from to another, the and that the to If the the and its the to CAUTION: the with the the To the the and strong the following the below: and turned off. Then, the and the and If the optional or the optional and them. from the then the and the its the to the and Transportation
the as earlier this chapter; then the CAUTION: the as to toner the back its and the the white as shown below. Then the cleaning and the the and the with the and that the around the the protective the wrench to the screws. and Transportation
the the cord, and wrench the accessory the its white and the and Transportation
the accessory the top of the the with Unpacking the Unpack the as the off toner that the as and Transportation
Troubleshooting and Service Troubleshooting Directory.. PAPER ENTRY JAM.. PAPER EXIT JAM.. with Graphics.. SelecType Quality Troubleshooting
and If of information the the The displayed there what and, the actions should to the appear the the operation. They the This section of and and includes the to to SelecType included. [S], warning preceded [W], and preceded [E]. the shows the [E] COVER OPEN The cover or the the cover or the [E] LOW ON TONER The replaced. the as Chapter [E] MANUAL FEED This appears when feed selected. The ready to and to manually. Troubleshooting
[S] OFF LINE The off and the SelecType this SelecType the SelecType [E] OUT OF PAPER or there the and the optional or the the and feeding correctly. the selected or manually of the information [E] PAPER ENTRY JAM feeding the from the specified or its the If the the the the from the or optional and then the the PAPER ENTRY JAM section this chapter information. [E] PAPER EXIT JAM the path. You to the and clear the as this chapter. [S] PRINTING The and [S] PRINTING TEST The the [S] PROCESSING The Troubleshooting
[S] QUIT THE JOB The ON LINE while The then flushed the RESET or other [S] QUITTING THE JOB The flushing from the [S] READY the and nothing to from the You the while the ready. [S] RESETTING This appears initially when the first and momentarily [S] WAIT FOR READY The ON LINE while The the completed; then off [S] WAITING The the of and of and the to [S] WARMING UP The Troubleshooting
Service The service below caused malfunction and serious: SCAN MOTOR ERROR HSYNC ERROR HEATER LAMP ERROR MAIN MOTOR ERROR FAN MOTOR ERROR If of these appears, follow the below. Press the RESET If the clear, the off least seconds. Then back If the service required. the and turn the off. Then service or Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Directory the directory below to the then through the to the If the of type. corrected easily. PAPER ENTRY JAM PAPER EXIT JAM supply to the The or The or The what The of the what with graphics Graphic SelecType SelecType function as expected. Troubleshooting
feed properly. crookedly or The what the optional the properly. the optional the properly. the optional memory board, the function as expected. Troubleshooting
This section information correcting the and through the below to the PAPER ENTRY JAM The PAPER ENTRY JAM that feeding the from the specified or its the feed the the PAPER ENTRY JAM follow these to clear the Troubleshooting
the to the and of the from the including those that of the the CAUTION: If the tears while the To this, the cover, from the path, and the cover. and the This the the of the and the or the back to the the and Troubleshooting
If feed of this type clean the feed and the the as Chapter If feeding Chapter to that using the If the optional and the clear the follow the below. the from the that the the or from the front Press the clicks and the the Troubleshooting
that the the the section the optional information. using that the specifications this Chapter choosing the If to the as the section the optional Troubleshooting
PAPER EXIT JAM The PAPER EXIT JAM that there the input or the as shown below: easy to correct. Follow these instructions to clear the cover to the the path, as below. WARNING: the the which CAUTION: HOT SURFACE to the Troubleshooting
If the caught front of the the as shown below. Troubleshooting
If the caught the first the the shown the arrow the below to the from the Then the from the the completely free of the If the tears, the Troubleshooting
If the caught the the as shown below. If the caught both the and the first the from the the the then the the completely free of the Notes: the toner the the the off while the If toner clothing, off with or the toner If toner the the of the the first that through the slightly smeared with Troubleshooting
If the caught the section, the first then the other to the to Troubleshooting
to the turning the the The then the and the and The or completely the Turn off the and the the and the then the back The with the If the such as switch, If the the faulty. another the outlet to whether the outlet operating properly. The Turn off the and that the of outlet matches the rating indicated the the back of the If the match, turning the If the match, the and immediately. Troubleshooting
The or You the INPUT The path. Chapter The nothing printed. Troubleshooting the TEST PRINT option SelecType enough to initiate the the This however, the shows PRINTING TEST. The to replaced. the as Chapter If the or
The or The ON LINE light nothing printed. The interface securely. both of the the and the If interface, the using the You using the interface that interface the the and You selected the interface with SelecType. Select the interface. If interface, the and related the and interface The software properly the (or to the then the correctly. the SelecType operating matches Troubleshooting
The or The ON LINE light off. the specified. The Chapter instructions. and the reads OUT Chapter OF PAPER or LOW instructions. ON TONER. the the The what The selected with software commands printed. Characters to the selected printed. Troubleshooting The off Press the ON LINE once to the (the ON LINE light The selected with software selected the The selected. Specify the (containing international characters or with software.
Text with HP or of the or as The of the what The right or match the of the interface the command. the AUTO FEED of interface. the interface Chapter The interface completely. that both of the securely. If the correctly, The of software correct. the of Troubleshooting
with Graphics Graphic the to graphics. You HP graphics the interface (RS-232C, RS-422 or The memory and graphics printed. Troubleshooting You the If to with software another nothing printed. that the matches the currently selected operating The DATA BITS option SelecType correctly. graphics, that enough memory You to simplify the or memory. information memory A. The memory the It to simplify the trying to or memory to the information memory options.
SelecType SelecType function as expected. with SelecType SelecType displayed. You turning off or the with the SAVE LEVEL option SelecType or with the SAVE LEVEL option Chapter information about SelecType. You the of SelecType. the SelecType light selected SelecType, to to Chapter or the SelecType the Reference Troubleshooting
properly. feed The off Press ON LINE to The ON LINE light the off. crookedly or crookedly the The feeding and the PAPER ENTRY JAM or PAPER EXIT JAM appears the Troubleshooting The selected. If the optional the INPUT, TRAY option to OPTION. Chapter to the INPUT The of the correctly. the of the that the and freely. If the too tight, they the to they too the feed crookedly the Chapter The the Correct the following the instructions earlier this chapter.
feed the The then the You the sufficiently to smooth feeding. If the following the instructions clearing earlier this chapter. the and feeding of this type. supply too thin or rough. information the of that and the that feeding. If feeding manually, the about to feeding from the The dirty. Clean the as Chapter There too the than the face-down top of the If the optional than the Troubleshooting
crookedly or (continued). Printed too and the properly. CAUTIONS: the RESET the If to that than the of with software, toner the and the the PAPER SIZE to match the Troubleshooting or to the or You using the type of Smooth, high- recommended Chapter choosing that when the through Turn the of and the optional which straight-through path, curling. To the the to the FACE UP and the OUTPUT option SelecType to FACE UP.
Quality If the through the following section and to match with the and below. The match exactly, to of type. If the through the this section, of the corrective and The what The Printed Turn the or clockwise background. dirty. Clean the as There with the the as Troubleshooting
Quality The what or or white or appear There scratch the of the the appear the as Chapter the Troubleshooting The of the head dirty. Clean the as Chapter The charger dirty. Clean the as Chapter If the the as Chapter The of the dirty. the and the of the with clean, cloth. Then as Chapter There with the the as Chapter
appear The charger dirty. The of the Clean the as Chapter The cleaning to replaced. the cleaning as Chapter The of the dirty. Clean the as The Turn the clockwise There with the the as Chapter If this the the as Chapter Quality Troubleshooting
The what of appear the Completely Troubleshooting or to the The higher the the the lighter the or You using the type of If the of too rough, characters appear or Smooth, high- recommended Chapter information choosing The charger dirty. Clean the as Chapter If the LOW ON TONER appears the the as Chapter as Chapter If the correctly, the with software, or If the properly, the Turn off the and the wire. If the service
printed. The light or The to replaced. the as Chapter The correctly. the cover and the clockwise. Chapter information the If the LOW ON TONER warning appears, the as Chapter The charger Clean the as Chapter or to the The higher the the the the or If the the as Chapter Troubleshooting
Quality The what (continued.) The too the feed The path. Clean the of the as of the Troubleshooting The correctly. the cover and the counterclockwise. information the If the the as Chapter
the optional the properly. from the Several the and (the PAPER ENTRY JAM or PAPER EXIT JAM appears the The INPUT SelecType to STANDARD or MANUAL FEED. To the the INPUT option SelecType to OPTION. the as Chapter There the the The the properly. instructions the You to too sheets of the The of of You the of sufficiently. the following the instructions earlier this chapter. to the and the of the Also, that creased or Troubleshooting
the optional the properly. the optional the properly. The the Troubleshooting You using the matches the specifications Chapter If the of the too smooth or too rough, feeding feeding each manually. The thickness of the affects feeding. purchasing The dirty. Clean the as the section the optional A. The optional properly. information the You the correctly. that the the FACE UP as Chapter Also, that the OUTPUT option SelecType to FACE UP.
The then the the memory board, the function as expected. The memory board The correctly. Turn off the and the the installation. expected amount of information. memory. printed. There too the than sheets of the You enough memory. You MB of memory of MB the board. If this enough memory to to the trying to The optional memory board MB of RAM, of MB of RAM when Troubleshooting
Technical Specifications Specifications and products Mechanical Interface Specifications.. interface interface Apple interface.. HP Option Specifications Technical Specifications
Specifications and electrophotographic Warm-up PS HP IC The followings the outline The the the and the with each the the Courier-Bold Times-Roman Times-Bold Times-Italic Times-BoldItalic Technical Specifications or A4) the and of than seconds with A4 or or seconds or
Helvetica Helvetica-Bold Bookman-LightItalic Helvetica-Narrow Helvetica-Narrow-Bold Helvetica-Narrow-BoldOblique NewCenturySchlbk-Roman NewCenturySchlbk-Bold NewCenturySchlbk-Italic NewCenturySchlbk-BoldItalic ZapfChancery-MediumItalic the the shown below the ROM. This reduce these these Times-Roman Helvetica Technical Specifications
and or the of of characteristics to responsibility to the of with the and Technical Specifications Application OHP sheets Colored Envelope
type inches 8.50X11.00 inches 8.50X 2550X3300 inches 8.50X14.00 2550X4200 inches 5.50X8.50 1650X2550 inches 7.25X 2175X3150 inches 8.5X13.0 2550X3900 inches 8.0X10.5 2400X3150 A4 inches 8.27X11.69 2480X3507 inches 8.27X 2480X3507 A5 148X210 inches 5.83X8.27 1748X2480 8.21X10.67 2454X3204 7.68X10.16 2304X 8.11X13.67 5.23X8.18 8.21X12.68 7.79X 8.00X11.22 7.47X10.85 2240X3255 5.55X8.00 Technical Specifications Margin
type Printable B5 182X257 inches 7.16X 6.93X9.82 2149X3035 2080X2946 F4 210X330 inches 8.27X 8.00X 2480X3897 2400X3804 The and height to the The to the of and Iength: feed within the and or feed: supply or selection. Technical Specifications inches) inches) inches) sheets or or Margin
products (S051003): to 30C to 86F) to RH months of Typical about Life: the following or and of ratio shown below. The of that with the type of If or text the (S091 to months. Technical Specifications
Mechanical and inches) Width: inches) Depth: inches) including and MPBF (Mean Prints sheets month months) MTBF (Mean hours years or month month); whichever first. to VAC to Rated than Insulation AC and chassis): withstand VAC or AC second. withstand VAC or VAC second. Technical Specifications to VAC
MB to MB) RAM: Humidity: Operation: to C to F) to C to F) Operation: to RH to RH Should Technical Specifications
Interface Specifications The the following interfaces: RS-232/RS-422 interface with interface. assignments the interface The interface assignments and of the interface shown the below. Direction STROBE IN The STROBE to These Information of DATA IN DATA the to of IN DATA IN respectively. Each IS HIGH DATA IN when and LOW DATA IN when DATA IN DATA IN DATA IN ACKNLG About LOW Technical Specifications than the that and that the ready to This as with BUSY.
Direction BUSY HIGH that the PE HIGH that the SLCTOUT HIGH AUTO FEED NC GND NC Not Twisted-pair ground IN INIT this LOW, the ERROR OUT as NC used. IN CHASSIS The HIGH the following (each off of ground chassis ground, which connected with the ground. operates as as the Ctrl-C and This becomes LOW when the off Technical Specifications
Notes: interface based TTL Both the and of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this the of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW. The heading Direction to the of flow as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the These should shielded and connected to the chassis of the and the Technical Specifications Direction SLCTIN IN to 5V through 3.3K The DC 1/DC3 when this IS HIGH (SLCTIN to OFF). This with SelecType. IS only when the IS
Interface The below shows the the interface. TTL interface The interface RS-232 or RS-422 operation. These interfaces the following characteristics. Word length: or Parity: or or or Stop or ready (DTR and XON/XOFF to ON.) The and items SelecType. when the inactive Technical Specifications C
RS-232: second. RS-422: second. RS-232: Conforms to EIA RS-422: Conforms to EIA The interface DTR Ready) and XON/XOFF or the the input to bytes, the XOFF or the DTR to (MARK, indicating that Once the the recovers to bytes, the XON or the DTR to high (SPACE), indicating that ready to Connector DIN Specifications
interface assignments The interface assignments and of the interface shown the below. The of to the RS-232C RS-422 Direction CHASSIS CHASSIS chassis ground, which connected with the ground. TXD (SYNC) OUT This This RXD (TXD-) IN to This IS HIGH RTS (GND) CTS (RXD-) Clear to This that (TXD+) IN ready. This that ground This C (RXD+) IN (Ignored) from the to the from the to the (OUT) the the ready to (IN) the IS ready to (OUT) (IN) from the The the HIGH. Can HIGH with SelecType. from the Can HIGH with SelecType. ground the Technical Specifications
Direction RS-232C RS-422 DTR OUT RING Although RTS, CTS, DSR, DTR, and DCD as RS232C they when RS-422 selected with SelecType. You with interface with the Apple Macintosh. Technical Specifications ready. This whether or the ready to If the ready selected, this high the IS ready to If ready selected, the when the high, and when the the DTR the within characters. Can high or with SelecType.
There four that the to of Software The following the that become when the initialized. The to the Item Factory input SelecType or A4 SelecType Top inches inches inches inches Right inches inches inches inches the turned the FACTORY RESET option SelecType executed. Software the command. Technical Specifications
HP Item input VMI HMI Top Text Text Right termination Fonts (both and secondary) Spacing Pitch Height Upright Typeface Font ID Character Technical Specifications Factory SelecType or A4 SelecType inch) inch inch) HMI of the selected inch or inch or or right right CR=CR, LF=LF, FF=FF CR=CR, LF=LF, FF=FF
Item Factory graphic ID of function Advanced graphics ID=0 ID=0 Technical Specifications
Option Specifications C812051/C812063 DC 24V the AC supply: Insulation 10M AC and chassis): 4W or and C812051: inches) C812061: A4 feed: such as and Specifications Can withstand VAC feed capacity to or first seconds or (A4 or sheets, and
Mechanical Without the and inches) inches) Width: inches) Depth: C812071/C812072 Without the and inches) Width: inches) inches) Depth: capacity: Technical Specifications Option Specifications or
A-2 The the A-2 Loading the A-8 A-11 the Cleaning the feed A-13 A-14 The A-14 the A-19 the A-20 The Memory the board.. A-20 A-25 Checking the board A-1
The The optional to the optional fits directly beneath the The to of A4- or to the capacity. You of once the and the other or software commands to both the and the of to of the countries, the other countries only the with the the To follow the below. the The following to installation. If purchased and the following the instructions and of this the to as Chapter to that the properly. A-2
Turn off the the the from the Then the other of the from the input the back of the the First the Then the slightly and of the the output slightly and then The A-3
o C Assembling the Follow the below to the the the of the Press the top of the rear cover as the as shown below. A-4
the CAUTION: the the the and right the cover or the front of the The A-5
The Attaching the The fits directly beneath the Follow these to the the the location chose to the of the Several from the as the and together.) the as shown below and the The front of the should the as the front of the the to A-6
the using the as shown below, top of the the as The A-7
The Loading the You the that fits the Follow the below: Press the plate the as shown below. of the with the corners of the beneath the the front of the A-8
The to of the the height the CAUTION: that the plate the the the the the front of the and as as as as it the slightly and back The A-9
The To the the slightly and then back of the the The SelecType to or from the with the to with the software, to the software rather than with SelecType. Chapter information using the with SelecType The TRAY option the SelecType INPUT three input options: the the optional and feeding. A-10
Loads from the STANDARD Loads from the optional OPTION OPTION appears when the Loads from the the MANUAL FEED You hand-feed To with the SelecType PAPER SIZE option, that the PAPER SIZE matches the the SelecType the If to from the following section software commands. software commands There software related to information the with directly from the If to selection software command. If from the specified the the that selection. the and instructions The A-11
The Cleaning the feed If the from the frequently, the the as below. Turn off the and the from the the and the optional from the the the the right and of the and the off the as shown below. A-12
the the top front of the Turn each as the from its with cloth with Directly the the as shown below. Turn the and the with clean, cloth. Allow the to completely. the the as earlier this chapter. The A-13
The The to top of the If the optional The of Also, this of such as and overhead that straight-through path. the You first the to the rear of the and then the to the WARNING: If the recently, the of the cool the cover. this and the cover, the touches the and the back. the there least inches) of the the obstruction and when the A-14
the and the white then the the and the screwdriver of the as shown below. the of the and off the the back the and them to the If to the the from the and its The A-15
The Turn off the CAUTION: the the cover or the You mechanical the screwdriver the four screws the of the and the cover. the screws the and the rear cover A-16
the the the back of the with the the right of the the four screws the the as shown below. Partially each screw the indicated the below. this screws The A-17
The the the notches of the the of the as shown below. Notice that the when nearly as shown the the of this The factory-set face-down output top of the To the the (located the to the FACE UP as shown below. A-18
Then the OUTPUT option SelecType Chapter instructions Selectype. the to the from the or other follow the below. the from the screwdriver, the four screws from the and the the cover with the four screws. CAUTION: the the rear cover or the You mechanical The A-19
The Memory If graphics-intensive to increase the Access Memory (RAM) of The memory board MB of RAM to increase memory to MB. the To the memory board, cross-head screwdriver. If about the board, WARNING: High the when the to the the turned off and the Also, to the board of the of the the electricity the from the interface from the of A-20
the four screws located the corners of the as shown below. the screws Press back the to release the board from the as shown below. The slightly when released. The Memory A-21
The Memory the with both it straight of the Then clean, CN5 the board. the memory board as shown below, and the the board the the with the screws A-22
the with the memory board the of the the the that both the top and the of the the tracks. Gently the about the the white that they straight and as shown below. the board completely the the white as this they outward as the board If the board smoothly the force and to that the properly the tracks. The Memory A-23
The Memory Press the board to that seated the Then the with the four screws as shown below. the off (the of the switch then the cord. A-24
Checking the To that the memory board correctly and functioning properly, the It as the of the EPSON EPL-7500. You should the following: This shows that the memory functioning correctly. If the than the shown off the and the board; then If the incorrect, or service The Memory A-25
Character B-2 B-2 B-3 B-5 HP
This section the To or commands. of and ready to with attributes, such as and mathematical that of with You of the of software or commands. The following the ROM. Helvetica Helvetica B-2
The following of the The and the Chapter Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica ITC ITC ITC ITC ITC ITC ITC Light ITC Light Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow New Century Schoolbook New Century Schoolbook New Century Schoolbook New Century Schoolbook B-3
ITC Chancery ITC B-4
HP The B-2 HP B-2 To or commands. B-5
software to or graphics ASCII American Information of assigning to characters and The of computers, and software. of the of It when interface and or which the of information or that already with such as and that than characters and typically to to memory. GL-1
of information consisting of to character or cache The of memory that internally character of numbers, and to functions such as sounding the and or feed. or that when the turned or initialized. of information from to that the memory from such as inch. This of The of that commands from the commands the known as the GL-2
The of the where the and to the EEPROM Electrically Memory. The of the memory holding SelecTypes It and to the when the turned off. electrophotographic The the EPL this process, selected of photosensitive then attracted to the of the to of the to printed. The toner to the then to the of the where fused combining heat and The of the that includes the electrophotographic and The character of of the EPL-7500. which the frequently characters memory. GL-3
The and supply of the to its of interface The the and the interface character or and interface the and computers. that oriented the This that than high and such as spreadsheets. LCD The the that displays memory The of the that to information. information and to the operates. Information that to the from the (such as and graphics) temporarily EEPROM, RAM, and memory The of the memory that when off the The ROM of memory The EEPROM GL-4
Three commonly with and the and This the and the characters and A-F. This and and the and information often and off the off with the the it with the to the which characters This (text the of the or (text the of the outline mathematical allow attributes, such as and orientation, to interface interface. GL-5
of the of the and The height of typeface as measured from the top of the character to the of the lowest. typographic of to of inch. that oriented upright the (as to which oriented the This the or of operating commands that from the and acted existing The EPL offers three IS and HP RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as input and and graphic Information RAM and when the turned off. To to its of command, interface or turning the off and ROM Memory. The of the memory that Information ROM to the operates. ROM. GL-6
SelecType of the that allows to from the front interface interface. of numbers, and characters) assigned to character of the operation of the the its and of toner of resin and to the the process. charger to charge to the causing toner the to to the of the The or thickness of character. GL-7
SelecType The following the and options SelecType the factory Chapter of each option.
SelecType SOFTWARE POSTSCRIPT HP LASERJET II PS BINARY INPUT TRAY STANDARD OUTPUT C FACE DOWN MISCELLANEOUS RESET LEVEL SAVE LEVEL PARTIAL RECOVERY The factory of PAPERSIZE STD TRAY and PAPERSIZE OPT TRAY the country. PAPERSIZE STD TRAY LETTER A5 B5 HALFLETTER LEGAL GLT GLG EXECUTIVEPAGE F4 PAPERSIZE OPT TRAY LETTER A5 B5 HALFLETTER LEGAL GLT GLG EXECUTIVE PAGE F4 LJ AVAIL: XXXXXX LJ ALLOCATION NONE MANUAL FEED C
SelecType INTERFACE BUSY DELAY BUSY DELAY BUSY DELAY BUSY DELAY APPLETALK SERIAL RS232 SERIAL RS422 BAUD RATE BAUD BAUD BAUD BAUD BAUD BAUD BAUD BAUD PARITY MARK OR NONE SPACE OR NONE PARITY ODD PARITY EVEN FLOW CONTROL DTR XON/XOFF XON/XOFF DTR STOP BITS STOP BIT STOP BITS DATA BITS DATA BITS DATA BITS BAUD RATE BAUD BAUD BAUD BAUD BAUD BAUD BAUD BAUD BAUD PARITY MARK OR NONE SPACE OR NONE PARITY ODD PARITY EVEN STOP BITS STOP BIT STOP BITS DATA BITS DATA BITS DATA BITS
BEEPER MISCELLANEOUS STARTPAGE TEST PRINT SAVE LEVEL PAGES: XXXX FACTORY RESET ERROR HANDLER STANDBY BEEPER: ON BEEPER: OFF STARTPAGE: ON STARTPAGE: OFF LETTER ERROR HANDLER: ON ERROR HANDLER: OFF STANDBY: DISALLOWED STANDBY: ALLOWED