United States This tested and found to with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and; and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface the connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of WARNING
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information from the of the information Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations and instructions Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation and ESC/P of Corporation. IBM and IBM PC of International Corporation. HP HP HP HP II, HP IIP, HP III, HP IIIP and HP and and PCL of Company. of Apple Computer, Inc. of Corporation. of Incorporated. ITC U.S. of International Typeface Corporation. Bitstream of Bitstream Inc. and of Bitstream Inc. CG of AGFA Compugraphic, of Corporation Univers U.S. of Linotype AG and its Copyright Corporation
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS of these instructions Follow and instructions the the from the and cloth cleaning, or cleaners. or the or other that allow the to or the These the necessary to and protection from overheating. the or other the Also, the built-in provided. the or or heat the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with third (grounding) which fits grounding-type This If to the the the of the grounding-type the where the
If cord, that the of the the products the the cords Also, that the of products the outlet of they or that of fire or shock. as specifically this to the yourself. This to or other servicing those to service the from the outlet and repaired service the following the or or frayed. If If to or If normally when the operating instructions followed. only those that covered the operating instructions of other and often to the to operation. If or the If performance, indicating service.
Information This as Class the U.S. of Health and Services (DHHS) Radiation Performance to the Radiation Health and of This that the radiation. Since the completely within protective housings and covers, the from the phase of user operation. CDRH Regulations The Devices and Health (CDRH) of the U.S. Food and Administration implemented products products the United States. The shown below with the CDRH and attached to products the United States. WARNING: of or performance of other than those specified this This conforms to the of CFR subchapter J. SEIKO EPSON CORP. Hirooka,Office MANUFACTURED:
Class as IEC specifications. The shown below attached countries where required. Radiation Radiation (W) Wave This Class that invisible The head NOT FIELD SERVICE ITEM. Therefore, the head should operation, amount of released. This amount enough to However, to the where using the when high of or the continuously of
Introduction The EPL-8000 the advanced of combining high performance and with of features. The with the electrophotographic office to high-quality that both and The the that allows the to internal memory The the memory to with found other of including the to and graphics, and with of normally associated with to the high-quality and ease of operation from these features High-quality, of to the professional the EPL-8000 and its leading HP III easy to the of software written outline to to character of (These the character to graphical and smooth. that to sheets of the optional of to Introduction
introduction ESC/P the with the of written and (MB) of memory (RAM) built-in, to 7.5MB graphics and three interfaces the when optional interface. built-in interfaces: and RS-232C or RS-422 You optional interface and as third input. Three interface and optional). You to three to and using the which switches the to the or the RAM to each switching allows the to switch and another based the received. Also, commands. face-down and (with the optional straight-through and of feeding directly from the It to and using the selection of international to with the characters, and of IC optional identity and cards, including photoconductive, and toner easy Introduction
options information the and of these Chapter The option numbers, country. the country. The (C81228*) This optional L) fits directly beneath the and houses the You to sheets of A4, or this to Optional (C81223*) Optional of information these Introduction Introduction
Introduction The (C81227*) The allows the to of the that straight-through path, such as and overhead IC identity from The identity allow to the or the GL graphics operation Introduction
Interface Optional interface to the built-in and interfaces. of interfaces, choosing the right interface and other instructions Chapter Interface of interface You interface that the below. C836021 C836022 C836031 C836041 C836051 C836061 Interface Amphenol D-SUB, D-SUB, Introduction Introduction
Introduction Memory (C82904*, C82905*) You increase 1MB of RAM to of 7.5MB memory and memory board. The C82904* increases the memory of 0.5MB, and the C82905* increase 2.0MB You the 0.5MB the board or the 0K (C82206*); 2MB the 0K only. Chapter information. Memory boards (C82206*) OK optional memory to memory. You to four 0.5MB or to three MB this memory board. Chapter information optional memory. Introduction
Precautions This The following of whenever the cover. with other of to follow these to operation. to the which CAUTION HOT SURFACE If using the the touching the the instructed to this Protect the light-sensitive from to light. the to light than necessary. the protective cover. Overexposing the abnormally or light to appear the and reduce the service of the If the the of the or the cover the with cloth or of to scratch the of the the from the the clean, smooth Also, touching the from permanently its and the top of the toner Pressing directly the toner to the If there cleaning instructions. force the Although the to rough
Around Chapter information and to and follow these instructions first. Chapter information the testing and the and the It to the and selection information the SelecType options, Chapter Chapter the information this chapter purchasing supply. Chapter information If the properly or the what troubleshooting to the options The information technical specifications and including of and character each You of and At the back of this Reference showing SelecType options and The SelecType found this as whenever the SelecType On the back cover foldout the of You these as Around
and Notes WARNING followed to CAUTION to to Notes: information and useful the of Where to United States America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the Consumer Assistance locating Authorized or Service Technical with the installation, and of products technical information service Product with technical specifications and products of ribbons, and Customer Relations. Around Around
Chapter the Assembling the cleaning The Attaching the cord.. Loading the Turning On the
the the to Follow the below when selecting location. the enough to the or workstation its to reach. grounded that three to match the the around the to allow easy as as and The below shows the recommended amount of
If the optional least inches) of the To enough to the cover, allow or inches from the of the to or directly as shown below. the
the If the optional inches) the CAUTIONS: locations that to sunlight, heat, or outlet that switches or timers. of information and memory. the with or other that might the supply. the and from of interference, such as or the of telephones.
Unpacking The and the boxes. the the from the and Since the heavy, to the the location selected
the each The about to
the protecting the that You the these whenever Chapter off the as shown below. Unpacking
Assembling the cleaning The first the cleaning which the This constantly cleans the of the fusing which toner the
the and the cleaning everything the the front cover the the front cover. Assembling
Assembling Press the release the to the top cover. You the top cover to and the top to the CAUTION: The the top cover to the cover or to the
the the cleaning and the the top of the The located the back of the the the the Match the the cleaning with the the as shown below. WARNING: the the turned the becomes Assembling
Assembling The The the of the that the and the CAUTION: the to light than necessary. the light-sensitive, to lighting brighter than light. the the following whenever the the
the protective cover, and scratch or the of the touching the from permanently its and reduce the to sunlight. If the first cover with the or cloth. the clean, smooth to or the It least hour from to Assembling
Assembling the To the from the the following locations: sunlight Where or (such as Where the or high or to the to the the from its CAUTION: the protective cover; protects the from light and
the upright, as shown below, and the from to to the the steady and the yellow the clear completely. Assembling
Assembling the the four or the front cover and the top to the as shown below.
the as shown below and the of the the the Then the as as Gently the top cover clicks the closed Then the front cover. CAUTION: the with the Chapter the Assembling
Assembling Attaching the the cord, the switch the top of the turned off. It off when the the switch as shown below. WARNING: If the rated of the and match, the the the the back of the as shown below. Then the other of the properly grounded
Loading the The to of feeding. Chapter information To the follow these the straight of and thoroughly. the of the to the Assembling
Assembling of the with the corners of the beneath the the front. the the front of the and ready to the
Turning the the and the Then the the the switch located the top of the
Turning On the The lights the light when the The following appear as the of internal and CAUTION: the covers while the or turn off the least turning back It approximately seconds the to its the READY appears, the If the Chapter troubleshooting information. to to or computers, and with software.
Chapter Testing and Connecting The lights Testing the sheet Quality the Connecting the to Choosing interface Connecting the interface Connecting the interface.. Testing the Selecting the selection the Switching the Emulation Switch (IES). Testing and Connecting
The The easy operations. The of three lights, and buttons. The and lights the of the and the to and The shows the followings: such as WARMING UP, the such as PAPER OUT, procedures or of to correct. SelecType options, such as MODE ASSIGN, allow to the selection, and other of and Chapter information SelecType, Testing and Connecting
lights LEVEL LEVEL One of these lights when the the SelecType which These lights off the the SelecType Chapter information SelecType. CONTINUE FEED MANUAL ON LINE Flashes when or At the or appears the On when and the printed. flashing the from the If the light flashes slowly, the through interface other than the interface AUTOSENSE On when the to feed manually only. this light off, the the from the On when the indicating the and the off this light off. The light flashes as the switches and off-line Testing and Connecting The
The SelecType SelecType Press once to to of SelecType, Chapter CONTINUE RESET COPY END CONTINUE Testing and Connecting This three the to or If the CONTINUE light flashing, the or the and the as Chapter which of and
RESET with SelecType or software commands. this seconds, RESET appears the and to their previously- The finishes the the this pressed, If or the to its without If to this RESET appears, INITIALIZE appears the and the to the Chapter SelecType. COPY END the This effective only when the off FEED MANUAL If the FEED light ON LINE to the off Then FEED to the memory. If than each ON LINE To feeding. Press this when the FEED light off or flashing and the Switches the and off-line This switch when the SelecType Testing and Connecting The
Testing the The four built-in tests: and These the of and information from the and as Chapter You to the to to these tests. The option allows to consists of and consists of Follow these to the Turn the as the SelecType the LEVEL light Next, TEST PRINT should appear the If or If the TEST PRINT option, the enough to If the LEVEL the SelecType once to SelecType and Testing and Connecting
Press once. The reads as follows: To the once The of and the face-down the top CAUTION: the covers of typical shown below: Testing and Connecting Testing the
Testing the the the displays TEST PRINT. To the follow these Press once. the or once. Press to the the SelecType to SelecType. If the properly, Chapter troubleshooting information. to the that the The the If the the LOAD MACRO option the SYSTEM CONFIG the the MACRO the factory Testing and Connecting
Follow these to the Press SelecType once to SelecType If already chosen the INDIVIDUAL SelecType and than the following option appears the (The shows only): Press arrow to choose then to Press STATUS SHEET appears the Press to the Press the SelecType to SelecType. of the sheet shown below. STATUS SHEET EPSON Memory Memory AUTOSENSE CH OFF Printed Count: DISABLE :ON Top Testing and Connecting Memory On Testing the
Testing the to the and the that shows of the the selected Press SelecType once to SelecType If already chosen the INDIVIDUAL SelecType, and than the following option appears the (the shows only): Press arrow to choose then to Press FONT SAMPLE appears the Press to the The seconds to the of the shown below. Press SelecType to SelecType. Testing and Connecting
Enhancing Quality satisfactory, that using smooth, high-quality information choosing Chapter If to the or the the If too light or too the to Turn off the and its from the the the front its latch. Then the release the and the top cover to its the the the the right as shown below. Testing and Connecting
Quality Turn the clockwise or counterclockwise as shown. Notes: Increasing the increases toner If to the If to the to the factory the the of the with the the the and the covers. the to the earlier this Testing and Connecting
that smoother and and graphics. The below shows of with and the printed with The The factory the text and graphics nearly It to or Occasionally, however, the with SelecType further the to the or that as smooth and as should To choosing the the SelecType option Testing and Connecting Quality
Quality Checking the SelecType the SelecType the light Press or and the appear the Press three The the to correct. The with as shown below. the the the graphics that include or If such graphics, to off. Testing and Connecting Incorrect
the To the SelecType You LIGHT, MEDIUM (the factory HEAVY, or OFF. (If necessary, Chapter instructions SelecType.) If too the to LIGHT; too light, the to HEAVY; or the to OFF. To follow these SelecType the SelecType the light Press or appears the Press once and then or (LIGHT, MEDIUM, HEAVY, or OFF) appears the Press to the and using the the to If wish, the once to to the then or CONFIG SAVE appears the then If the to to the (HEAVY) the and the earlier this chapter instructions. the necessary. the affects text and graphics, the Testing and Connecting Enhancing Quality
Connecting the to the to information from they they properly. This the interface and with the following interfaces: RS-232C/RS-422 The interfaces located as shown below. Several optional interface with the Chapter these options. Choosing interface To the to first whether or If both of the interface the and the such as If about which type of to Testing and Connecting interface interface
initially If interface, should to to the with properly shielded twisted-pair and factory If to interface, to SelecType to of the such as or parity, to match the SelecType to the interface If to optional interface, Chapter Connecting the interface If to the interface, shielded twisted-pair interface. Follow these to the interface: Turn off both and Then the from the Testing and Connecting Connecting the to
Connecting the to the securely the interface the back of the the together they of the Testing and Connecting
If grounding wire, to the ground as shown below. the other of the and the screws to the interface, necessary. grounding wires the as If this to the ground screw the Connecting the interface If to the interface, that properly shielded and that the Testing and Connecting Connecting the to
Connecting the to Follow these to the interface: Turn off both the and Then the from the the securely the interface the back of the screwdriver to the screws of the required. Testing and Connecting
If wire, to the ground the other of the the screws to the interface, necessary. This the of the interface You to the with the SelecType I/F CONFIG option. You to interface such as and parity, and properly. Chapter instructions using SelecType. Testing and Connecting Connecting the to
Connecting the to Testing the To properly to follow these with software: Turn then DOS should If C A: or B: appear. DIR and The shows directory of the the Press the Screen once. Press ON LINE to off Then the FEED to the the The what It should something this: o C o o o C \EPL <DIR> <DIR> PRNTWIN3 BAT REABWIN3 BAT READWIN2 BAT PRNTWIN2 BAT If nothing or the what that the that the connected securely to both the and the and that selected the interface. Testing and Connecting C:>
Selecting the with the following HP III LQ-2500 FX-800/1000 Other with the optional identity Chapter You the SelecType MODE ASSIGN option to the The HP III. If to than with assign the or to each using the SelecType MODE ASSIGN option. using SelecType to the each The affects the following selections when the information each The from softwares selection the section, selection selection priority. and including the optional and features concerning such as selection or Other SelecType selecting and the Switching the this chapter. selection Once the with software choosing from the selection Testing and Connecting
Selecting the HP III HP III (LJ-3) the factory of the following from selection HP HP IIIP HP III HP IIP HP II HP HP HP information the the EPL-8000 and the If of the that the HP Command (PCL). LQ and FX the LQ or FX of the following from selection FX-1000/800 LQ-2500 LQ-1050/850 FX-85 LQ-1000/800 (expanded ESC/P) FX-80 LQ-500 LQ-1500 (with ROM) LQ If of the from choose the first of the following: RX, or Testing and Connecting
the You to as as three the of the and optional interfaces. interface from the to the interfaces. If the LJ-3 the interfaces, thats to to interface If wish, however, choose each interface, and of the memory each interface. from the through the following the interface. the interface. the optional interface. Chapter information the optional interfaces. If the section the CH information the Testing and Connecting
Switching the with the following HP III (LJ-3) LQ (LQ) FX (FX) Also, the following optional identity cards. You only of them identity A.) (PS) HP GL (EPSON GL) If with three to switch from to another. that and GL optional identity cards.) Switching (IES)switches and other SelecType Shared commands to switch from to other, of GL. Switch (IES) SelecType three Switching III, and the optional and of the IES with MODE ASSIGN, the switches the the MODE ASSIGN Chapter information. Shared Shared and You information this function the of A. Testing and Connecting
Chapter SelecType SelecType functions SelecType.. The The to SelecType INPUT.. PAGE SIZE COPIES ORIENT.. FONT.. STATUS SHEET FONT SAMPLE SUB CONFIG.. SYSTEM CONFIG.. TEST PRINT MODE ASSIGN.. I/F CONFIG.. RX-BUFFER SIZE CH TIMEOUT.. CH TIMEOUT AUTO CONT BEEPER.. P-CONFIG SAVE FACTORY RESET.. VERSION.. PAGE COUNTER.. STANDBY.. SelecType
SelecType The SelecType function the allows to of the such as selecting and the SelecType and and selection and that to frequently, such as and commands that the SelecType If the software New SelecType turn off the them with the SYSTEM CONFIG option or the P-CONFIG SAVE option this chapter. To the SelecType the as Chapter At the back of this Reference Card that includes of the SelecType and SelecType
functions Selects the or optional when than interfaces and the INDIVIDUAL Selects the or optional the of Selects the of to printed. Selects the or Selects of the the Prints the Prints of the the the the such as and of text the the amount of memory top and offsets, and of SelecType SelecType
SelecType SelecType Prints to the operation. Chooses of the HP III, LQ, FX, or IES the IES the switches and another With optional identity GL or the and interfaces. Chooses the of the Selects the AUTOSENSE or INDIVIDUAL and assigns memory INDIVIDUAL. the switch timeout; the specified the switches from to the other. the timeout; the the switches from to the other. Selects which the to instead of the or off.
the as they each the and to their factory the of the firmware such as and the of sheets the Selects of the which smooth text and graphics. Conserves reducing to the heater when the SelecType SelecType
SelecType This section the and to SelecType. The The the the SelecType (which as the arrow lights, and four arrow buttons. SelecType
The SelecType, and options appear the The shows SelecType the and options each the right The the shown below: SelecType the arrow to through and to select, or SelecType This to the of option that or to other options the This to the of option that the option the selection. You or to other This that to option, option, or action. and SelecType To the SelecType SelecType LEVEL appears the and the LEVEL light To the SelecType LEVEL appears the and the LEVEL light SelecType SelecType
SelecType to SelecType SelecType SelecType Select necessary). the option. the options the options. the option or or action. SelecType. These the following SelecType option, or or action. to the or SelecType. options the You the options the once or through them holding of these arrows.
SelecType To SelecType, the SelecType SelecType the the Press and release the SelecType to or and the SelecType to the shows SelecType LEVEL1 Then of the options appears. the shows SelecType LEVEL2 Then, of the options appears. The following the INPUT option SelecType as Select If using INDIVIDUAL SelecType with the shown below. The shows the only. information the If AUTOSENSE the (S, P, or O) SelecType. that If to the permanently, them and choose that as the and The the each The choose the the other. SelecType SelecType
SelecType the option the SelecType the of each of the options the the shows the as shown below. The that or to the other options the The the right of the that the with such as SUB CONFIG, only the option. the options options least To options the option selected, and (SET, EXEC, or PRINT) appears to the right of the option shown. SelecType
the options the or the to the of the option. You other options that or The the currently selected option. the INPUT of the options below. OPT appears when the optional Press or to to the option to that the option selected, that the option selected, and SET that the option. Although the options the options each the that the of the options that SelecType SelecType
SelecType the option reach the option to select, to the option. SET from the and the to the right of the indicating that the option selected. At the to the of the option, indicating that back the If to to the without to the Once option, the it or off the If to when the off and the SYSTEM CONFIG option to and the PCONFIG SAVE option to SelecType To SelecType from or the SelecType as as necessary. the following to SelecType
This section the and options when SelecType and options the the function each These the that the the Reference Card the back of this of SelecType and options. SelecType of these If the CH option to INDIVIDUAL, the SelecType shows CANCEL: S: I: whenever To the arrow that to the to the of the options appears the If AUTOSENSE remember the (S, P, or O) displayed SelecType. that If to the permanently, them and choose that as the and SelecType
INPUT This option selects whether the from the or the optional If choose STD, the from the If choose OPT, the from the optional OPT appears as option the the optional If choose AUTO, the from the containing the of specified the PAGE SIZE option. If both the specified the from the empty, then switches to the optional If the match the with the PAGE SIZE option, the Chapter the information recovery. SelecType options STD OPT AUTO
PAGE SIZE You choose of the and shown below with the PAGE SIZE option. COPIES this option to to of The factory If greater than the count of the of completed and the the COPIES option to and printed, the shows options options A4 A5 B5 LT HLT LGL GLT (Government GLG (Government EXE F4 MON C10 DL C5 to SelecType
ORIENT This option selects the which the characters The ORIENT option each the information the FONT options the FONT each the information the STATUS SHEET this option to that the reach this option, to the Chapter information the FONT SAMPLE this option to selected The and the and Press to the SelecType options options PRINT PRINT
The following of typical HP SUB CONFIG The the SUB CONFIG option each the information the SYSTEM CONFIG This option includes the following options FULL PRINT T-OFFSET L-OFFSET MEMORY LEFT LOAD MACRO SAVE MACRO DELETE MACRO POWERON MACRO SelecType
Each below. FULL PRINT The of of the If to increase the If the the SET FULL PRINT, increase this The from through the of (KB) RAM of 100KB. The following shows the each of The than the to higher. A4 A5 B5 LT HLT LG GLT Since the amount of RAM with this option other to the SET FULL PRINT Then, increase the the If FULL PRINT to the the the SET FULL PRINT If INSUFF MEMORY or PAGE BUFFER FULL appears, optional memory. Chapter information memory. SelecType options GLG EXE F4 MON C10 DL C5 to
T-OFFSET You the T-OFFSET (top option to the of the the The each of inch this option to or the the of inch The factory L-OFFSET You the L-OFFSET option to the of the the The each of inch With this option, the the approximately of inch to the from to or to the right from to The factory MEMORY LEFT this option to the amount of memory You this information to whether newly-installed memory option correctly or to memory or graphics. options options o o SelecType
LOAD MACRO this option to of the created using the SAVE MACRO option. The factory the following appears the Press or to choose the of the to Then to the selected Whenever to their factory Press to this without SAVE MACRO this option to the as and them anytime. You to four the through the following appears the Select or Then to the SelecType the These each the Press to this without SelecType options options o to
CAUTION: off the while it the If START UP ERROR the the You to four each the and the than the the the DELETE MACRO this option to the shows the following: Select the of the to or Then to the The with the specified Press to to the without POWERON MACRO this option to specify the to as the each Select to the factory options options to to SelecType
This section the and options when SelecType SelecType of these options: TEST PRINT MODE ASSIGN I/F CONFIG RX-BUFFER SIZE CH TIMEOUT CH TIMEOUT AUTO CONT BEEPER P-CONFIG SAVE FACTORY RESET VERSION PAGE COUNTER STANDBY TEST PRINT You this option to to whether correctly. TEST PRINT appears, once to the following Press to To then Chapter SelecType options to
MODE ASSIGN this option to the each interface The LJ-3. information each the MODE ASSIGN appears, once to the following The these options when the identity the of the switch (IES) the switches the indicated the the shows READY and the of the recently. this timeout the the indicated the other the timeout which indicated the showing both that that D). the switch the properly with the Switch options LJ-3 LQ FX EPSON GL PS PS LJ-3 (IES PS LQ (IES PS FX (IES SelecType
I/F CONFIG this option to interface. The and S. This option O. The PARALLEL option these three Normally, to these them when SLCTIN SLCTIN to OFF, the continuously selected and DC1 and DC3. SLCTIN to OFF. SLCTIN ON, the SLCTIN HIGH and the DC1 and DC3 SelecType options options options SLCTIN AUTOFEED BUSY DELAY ON or OFF
AUTOFEED AUTOFEED to OFF, the the AUTOFEED and (LF) with each (CR). AUTOFEED to ON, the to each receives. If text each other, AUTOFEED to ON. BUSY DELAY BUSY DELAY to the from the ACKNLG to the BUSY and MIN. The MIN option the ACKNLG to high. this option to the factory microseconds. options the SERIAL choose RS-232C or RS-422 to match interface. options options or options ON or OFF or MIN RS232C or RS422 SelecType
the interface, of the shown below. WORD LENGTH SERIAL BAUDRATE PARITY STOP BIT DTR XON/XOFF ENQ/ACK DSR CTS These match the The interface options the both the RS-232C and RS-422 interface WORD LENGTH You or length. and software the The factory SelecType options options or
BAUDRATE this option to the the interface. The measured and software the The factory this option to NONE, The used, of and software the options options NONE EVEN ODD SelecType
STOP BIT this option to the of each character of information to the Stop the of character. DTR this option to the ready ON or OFF. You DTR with the XON/XOFF option XON/XOFF this option to the XON/XOFF or off. You XON/XOFF with the DTR option ENQ/ACK This option appears effective to OFF. SelecType options options options options or ON or OFF ON or OFF ON or OFF
DSR DSR Ready) OFF, the permanently HIGH, allowing the to to the The factory OFF HIGH). this option should to OFF. DSR ON, to the when DSR HIGH. CTS CTS (Clear To OFF, the permanently HIGH. The factory OFF HIGH). This should to OFF CTS ON, to the when CTS HIGH. options options ON or OFF ON or OFF SelecType
RX-BUFFER SIZE The option allows to the of the input allows to the of from the memory to the memory. The then the information from its memory and frees the other If the too high, however, to memory. The factory 5K. the reads as follows. Press or to choose the which to the Then SelecType options options S,P,O the the
The the RX-BUFFER SIZE the amount of RAM The below shows the the the amount of RAM that the has. If memory the factory 5KB. Press to increase the or to Press the to the 1K or the to the the to SAVE&INIT the to Press to or to the and operation. You the with the P-CONFIG SAVE option, and then the the P-CONFIG SAVE option this chapter. options or SelecType
CH You to this If or three with this section what to The CH option the choice of to the memory used. With AUTOSENSE the which or optional) and of the memory to that The INDIVIDUAL the other hand, of memory each of memory. If than with the INDIVIDUAL or of the optional identity with to memory. AUTOSENSE and memory, there chance that from the with each other; the INDIVIDUAL this possibility. CAUTION: New CH only when SAVE&INIT, as below. S, P, or selects the first when the turned or initialized. AUTOSENSE the SelecType. SelecType options AUTOSENSE S, P, or INDIVIDUAL
If INDIVIDUAL, the assigning memory to each the LJ-3, LQ, or FX least 0.5MB of memory, and or GL optional identity cards) least 1.5MB. the of three together to the memory required.) You the memory from to each The factory S:o P:1 If to the assign to each using the and HP LJ-3 the I and nothing the S:3 because three as memory as HP LJ-3. choosing INDIVIDUAL, to to the following The the the of and the to the right of each the of memory allocated to that the arrow to choose the each the memory The shows the following: Press to the and the or to the options or SelecType
You the with the P-CONFIG SAVE option, and then the the P-CONFIG SAVE option this chapter. TIMEOUT This option when the this option to the seconds) switch timeout. the switching the timeout the timeout switch to another instead, the You when the timeout the which switches from showing READY and the to showing PS and the other selected LJ-3 the other selected the shows READY LJ-3 the timeout and PS&LJ-3 the timeout. the the You timeout each The factory PS and OTR (other). This option when IES selected. Press the to the which to the then instructions the switch, Chapter Switching the SelecType options options PS or OTR to of
CH TIMEOUT this option to the timeout. If the and the of seconds specified, and there other the switches to the with The factory AUTO CONT to ON, the to of when of the following SET FULL PRINT, PAGE BUFFER FULL, PAPER SIZE ERROR, TRAY SET XXX, and INSUFF MEMORY. this option OFF, the CONTINUE to this option to OFF. options options to of ON or OFF SelecType
BEEPER this option to ON, sounds when the option to OFF, the sound. P-CONFIG SAVE this option to the they each the If the CH or RX-BUFFER SIZE options and SAVE&INIT, the the P-CONFIG SAVE option shows the following: Press to the or to to the without the SelecType options options ON or OFF EXE
FACTORY RESET this option to and to their factory the FACTORY RESET option, the shows the following: Press to the or to to the without the CAUTION: to the the flashes the turn off the the READY appears the off the too START UP ERROR the the VERSION this option to the of the and Press to the C-ROM and then or to the FONT options options EXE C-ROM FONT SelecType
PAGE COUNTER this option to the of sheets the smoother and and graphics. You to the factory which MEDIUM. Chapter information STANDBY The reducing the to the fixing heater whenever to the this the as as the ON LINE or becomes ready to within seconds. The DISABLE, which the and ready to SelecType options options LIGHT MEDIUM HEAVY OFF ENABLE DISABLE
Chapter Choosing Choosing and feeding Loading Manually the Optional the Optional
Choosing With this and of You other of such as and overhead The of from the that manually This chapter the and choices and to and The type of the of The of toner to the If the rough, the of become of the indentations the The smoother the the smoother You should smooth originals from which to reproduction its to the of to with the its wrapper. The to the or selecting and other the
the of or type of the or type of of purchasing or office the to of to to This typically includes such as sheets, bond, and If or other manually from the feed to to choice. If to thoroughly should of and relatively smooth. that the textured or too rough, the clear. or that smear or off when subjected to the high of the sheets or other to and face-down the with the top the front of the as as the office however, coated to which clear or coating Choosing
Choosing or the optional this the from or off the manually To the from with the that completely cover the that there the You should the of top of of If the the Other You overhead and they with or these the optional Envelopes-You the with the as shown below. The of thicknesses, and the thickness or of Also, the optional to the from curling. If the too light, the counterclockwise. the to the when back to ordinary
Choosing The of automatically. software to choose the If the with the SelecType PAGE SIZE option. If the optional Chapter instructions selecting The below of the the SelecType The commonly the If of the and with software, the SelecType SAVE MACRO option to The then selects this whenever or Chapter A4 A5 B5 inches LT HLT inches LGL inches GLT (Government inches GLG (Government inches EXE inches F4 MON inches inches DL C5
and and feeding The from the of from the feed as option the which of information this option, Chapter the the section recommended If to other to The top of the or the optional With face-down top of the the the which them. turn the of the first of the top and the the With the optional the straight through the without You immediately the
The following recommended and to sheets or or to feed to to and
Manually If to heavy or or other the through the Also, manually when to from the type the You manually feed from inches) to inches). You the manual-feed thickness and characteristics and feeding of To feed, follow these If necessary, SelecType to choose the as Chapter the front cover.
the as shown below. If using the the of the front cover and the other the top cover. the to match the of of the as as it Loading Manually
Loading Manually and heavy the optional the the back of the to the Press the MANUAL appears the right of the as shown below. the ON LINE light then to the from To to the MANUAL The feed selection of the This the to feed each the the that switched. Also, this selection the
the Optional The optional to sheets of A4, or information this option, Chapter To the follow these the from the straight Then it
the Optional the as shown below. the back cover the Then the and the to the back. of and thoroughly. the of the to the
the of the with the corners of the beneath the the front of the the the the together they both lightly the the the Then the back cover. the Optional
the Optional the straight the front of the the and the the only. It the To from the optional to the input software or the SelecType INPUT option. Chapter information. With the optional the right of the shows the of each A4 the empty, and A4 the optional
the Optional The optional allows to the information this option, the optional the straight through the without the switch the and as shown below.
the Optional
Chapter and Transportation the Cleaning the charger Cleaning the the cleaning the Cleaning the the Cleaning the Cleaning the the path.. Removing toner Cleaning the Transporting Unpacking the and Transportation
The to the complexity of You the following when to of TONER LOW toner the the TONER LOW appears, approximately TONER OUT toner the and the cleaning and the charger and the the TONER OUT appears, without the the TONER OUT these the following the Clean the wire. Clean the the cleaning the and Transportation
the Follow these to the the turned off. Then the from the the the front cover. Press the release while the top cover. the cover to the as shown below. and Transportation
the as shown below and to the The of follow when and Transportation
Cleaning the charger Clean the each the You should the charger the of cleaning the wire. Follow these to clean the charger wire: the the or the top cover to the the charger the as shown below. and Transportation
CAUTION: cleaning the charger wire, too the wire. It and apply too Also, the with the Clean the charger the its as shown below. from to right. the If this the of cleaning and Transportation
Cleaning the the the of the top cover. It protector. the protector, as shown the below, and the with cloth. and Transportation
the cleaning the and the cleaning and the to the the cleaning the It the with the back of the WARNING: If the the cool the cleaning and Transportation
the and the cleaning as shown below. to from the the the cleaning the cleaning with and Transportation
the the cleaning and the the the Match the the front of the cleaning with the the as shown below. the the top cover to the CAUTION: the the to light than necessary. the light-sensitive, to lighting that brighter than light. the protective cover. and Transportation
the from the the the shown below, from to to the toner evenly. the steady, and to the clear and Transportation
the as shown below to further the the of the the the the as as and Transportation
the top gently top of the the cover closed. Then the front cover. Turn the back and Transportation
Cleaning the The each the should its of and ordinary the If clean the of the the the path, and the feed as this section. You should the and the cover months. These this section. Whenever the or the as Chapter If the unsatisfactory, troubleshooting the the the high the process. The located the cover the back, and should every months. If to the If when to the and Transportation
to the the turned off. the front cover. the top cover to its the the of the top cover. and Transportation Cleaning the
Cleaning the the the and to release the Then the of the and the top and front covers. Turn the back and Transportation
Cleaning the of and ordinary the Follow the below to the of the the turned off. the front cover. the top cover to the as shown below. WARNING: the the which If the the to the cool clean the the from the and Transportation Cleaning the
Cleaning the from the with cloth. Cleaning the the the and its the of the and Transportation
the off the of the with cloth, as shown below. the the top and front covers. and Transportation Cleaning the
Cleaning the Removing toner If toner the the the Follow these If amount of toner the of the with cloth. If amount of toner from supply stores) to CAUTIONS: or other cleaners. to the instructions clean the input path, to the with the cleaner. If toner clothing, off with the toner to and Transportation
Cleaning the If the outer or off the and with cloth with as shown below. CAUTIONS: or thinner to the cover; these chemicals the and the to the or and Transportation Cleaning the
Transporting If to the such as from to another, the to If the the and its the to them. CAUTION: the with the To the the and and turned off. Then, the and the and If the optional or the optional and them. identity or or from the WARNING: If the the cool proceeding. and Transportation
the front cover. Then the top to the and the as earlier this chapter. CAUTION: the as to toner the top and front covers. the the of the Chapter the the them with Unpacking the Unpack the as Chapter the cloth to off toner that shipment. the as Chapter and Transportation Transporting
Transporting and Transportation
Chapter Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting Directory FEED JAM.. PAPER JAM.. Prints with Graphics SelecType Quality Converting to Troubleshooting
and This section alphabetical of and that and includes to If the that what and, offers appear the operation; they the the CONTINUE light flashes when detected. This to the and then the CONTINUE to clear the the AUTO CONT option SelecType to ON, clear though the Chapter AUTO CONT. this section, [S], warning [W], and [E]. the shows the ADD MEMORY FOR CH [E] The memory the displayed. You the increased the RX-BUFFER SIZE or the CH INDIVIDUAL To the the RX- BUFFER SIZE or the CH INDIVIDUAL SelecType. the CH from INDIVIDUAL to AUTOSENSE this If necessary, memory to Troubleshooting
CANCEL MANUAL FEED There the manual-feed when selected feed. Chapter instructions the manual-feed To feed, the MANUAL to from the This with the SET MANUAL CARD MEMORY OVERFLOW This that the memory of the or 4MB. or both of the and the CONTINUE [E] CHAR CREATING The creating characters. [S] [S] COPY END X/X the COPY END with the off COVER OPEN The cover the cover to [E] [S] DATA The or off To ON LINE the off or FEED. FEED JAM feeding the from the specified or its the If the the the the from the or optional and then the covers. the FEED JAM section this chapter information. [E] FONT CREATING The creating [S] GRAPHIC DRAWING The graphic. [S] and Troubleshooting
and ILLEGAL CARD The the the indicated the To the CONTINUE. If the the off and the If the CONTINUE light flashes, CONTINUE. [E] INITIALLIZE [S] The to the factory INSERT IMAGING CRTG The as [E] INSERT TRAY The it as [E] [E] The memory the To the CONTINUE. If the RESET or the as Chapter You clear this turning the off and back to the trying to or memory to the Chapter information memory INVALID ASSIGN If to than this appears when to from SelecType. Press to to MODE ASSIGN and the assignments. [E] PAGE BUFFER FULL Text or graphics the and the Press CONTINUE to clear the You to memory to Chapter information memory options. [E] Troubleshooting
PAPER FEEDING The feeding [S] PAPER JAM the or the path. the and clear the as this chapter. [E] PAPER OUT There the or the optional the selected Chapter instructions [P] PAPER OUT AUTO XXX There the or the optional The to the specified [E] PAPER OUT OPT XXX There the optional The to the the [E] PAPER OUT STD XXX There the The to the the [E] PRINTING The received and [S] PRINT STOP X/X The the operation. [S] PS&XXX The the switch and timeout It of the shown the [S] and Troubleshooting
and RAM X.X MB The the RAM (X.X capacity). [S] READY The ready to [S] REINSERT CARD You option while the FEED light or while the To the the off Next, the the and CONTINUE. Chapter information optional [E] REMOVE CARD You option while the or while the FEED light the To this the off Then the and CONTINUE. the that the and that the off If the FEED light FEED to information optional cards. [E] RESELECT TRAY The optional and the INPUT option to OPT or AUTO. Turn off the and the optional If to the optional CONTINUE to from the the INPUT option to STD. [E] RESET The to the specified with the SelecType LOAD MACRO option. [S] ROM The ROM. [S] Troubleshooting
SAVE MEMORY OVERLOW This appear when trying to with the SAVE MACRO option. The enough memory to the To this the DELETE MACRO option. [E] SERVICE REQ. CXXXX detected. the the and off the least seconds and then back If the appears, off the the cord, and service [E] SERVICE REQ. E00XX detected. the the and off the least seconds and then back If the appears, off the the cord, and service [E] SET FULL PRINT This appear when trying to graphics or of text and graphics. Press CONTINUE and then the SelecType FULL PRINT as Chapter [E] [W] SET MANUAL There the feed and selected feed. of the To feed, the MANUAL to from the This with CANCEL MANUAL FEED. [S] STANDBY MODE If of the about thirty and the STANDBY SelecType, the Press or to the and Troubleshooting
and START UP ERROR [E] If this appears when the the off while the operation. To clear this or to the to LT or A4 respectively. [W] TONER LOW The of this to You the TONER OUT You the as Chapter [E] TRAY SET AUTO XXX The match the the specified The the expected and the currently selected You the or the the mismatch, CONTINUE. [E] TRAY SET OPT XXX The specified match the the optional The the expected the mismatch, CONTINUE. [E] TRAY SET STD XXX The match the the The the expected the mismatch, CONTINUE. [E] WARMING UP [S] Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Directory the directory below to the then through the to the If the listed, of type. corrected easily. FEED JAM PAPER JAM supply to the The The or The what The of the what with graphics Graphic SelecType SelecType function as expected. Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Directory properly. crookedly or The and then The what optional the as expected. the optional the properly. the optional the properly. memory memory or the memory board), the function as expected. Troubleshooting
This section instructions correcting FEED JAM and PAPER JAM of these appears the through the the section to clear caused using the that the specifications. choosing the toner the the the off while the If toner clothing, off with or the toner If toner the the of the the first that through the slightly smeared with Troubleshooting
FEED JAM The FEED JAM that feeding the or its the from of these input areas: the the optional At the Troubleshooting
the the from the You the the front cover or from the front If the tears, the that the and the sheets from the or sheets. the the of the and the the the FEED JAM cleared, the reprinted. Troubleshooting
the optional the optional from the or from the front sheets that the and the sheets from the or sheets. that using the and that the correctly. the of the and the the the clear the FEED JAM, with the Troubleshooting
At the Gently the as shown below. If the tears, the that the specifications this Chapter the to If there of these types, the feed and the the as Chapter If feeding to that using the Troubleshooting
PAPER JAM The PAPER JAM that there of these locations the path: At the At the At the Troubleshooting
At the the covers and the WARNING: the the which CAUTION: HOT SURFACE to the the Troubleshooting
the and the If tears, the the protector. Then the both covers. the READY appears the Troubleshooting
At the the covers and the WARNING: Removing the the which CAUTION: HOT SURFACE to the the If the tears, the Troubleshooting
If the caught both the and the first the from the the the then the the completely free. the cover and the front cover. the READY appears the At the Gently the to the to the READY appears the Troubleshooting
to the the the The or completely the Turn off the and the the and the then the back The with the outlet If the such as switch, If the another the to whether the outlet operating properly. The then the and the and The Turn off the and the of matches the rating indicated the the back of the If the match, turning the If the match, the and immediately. Troubleshooting
Prints The The You the INPUT with SelecType. Chapter the TEST PRINT option SelecType enough to initiate the TEST PRINT. the This however, the to flash. The nothing printed. The to replaced. as Chapter If the Troubleshooting
The or The ON LINE light nothing printed. The interface securely. both of the the and the If interface, the using the You using the interface that interface the the and You selected the interface with SelecType. Select the interface or If using interface, the and related the and interface The software properly the (or to the then the correctly. the SelecType matches The ON LINE light off. The off Press the ON LINE once to the (the ON LINE light The and the reads PAPER OUT or TONER OUT. the specified. Chapter instructions. Chapter instructions. Troubleshooting
The what The selected with software commands printed. The or selected. that the or matches the selected The selected the the selected The selected with software the Characters to the selected printed. The expected selected. Specify the (containing international characters or with software or with SelecType. SelecType the selected Chapter or the each information. the the the of each of If the SelecType SUB CONFIG AUTO LF option to ON. If using the interface, to this the SelecType AUTOFEED option to ON. Chapter Text with If the SelecType SUB CONFIG option AUTO LF option to OFF. Troubleshooting
Text with AUTO LF to OFF. interface the feed command. the AUTO FEED of interface. the interface A. Every other of text backwards. This originally with The every other backwards to the of the software information to the or of the or as The interface completely. that both of the securely. The interface correctly. If interface, that both the and to the of and that they both the parity, and of You the to the from the as this chapter. If the correctly, Troubleshooting
The of the what The from the of the The incorrect. that the type of You the with the SelecType SUB CONFIG option as Chapter that software SelecType The right or match the of the The of software correct. the of If this the the right and with SelecType. The the selected operating Chapter the or that the correct. You to the with the T-OFFSET or L-OFFSET option the SYSTEM CONFIG of SelecType This allows to the of the the Chapter information this Troubleshooting
with Graphics Graphic the to graphics. You the If try to with software another nothing printed. that the matches the currently selected operating You graphics using the interface (RS-232C or RS422). The WORD LENGTH option SelecType correctly. graphics, that and of text and graphics, the or partially printed. The SET FULL PRINT. The to To this the FULL PRINT the SelecType LEVEL SYSTEM CONFIG Graphics and the shows PAGE BUFFER FULL. The or the to to this the FULL PRINT or RX-BUFFER SelecType as Chapter enough memory You to simplify the or memory. Press the CONTINUE to clear the information memory options, Chapter Troubleshooting
with Graphics The INSUFF MEMORY appears and graphics printed. The or the to To this the FULL PRINT or RX-BUFFER SIZE SelecType as Chapter The memory the It to simplify the trying to or memory to the Press CONTINUE or RESET to clear the Chapter information memory Troubleshooting
SelecType SelecType function as expected. with SelecType The software the SelecType or the The this to software instead of SelecType to the software. software information. You trying to of with SelecType that acted the printer.Usually, SelecType allow to incompatible combinations. checked. You turning off or the with SAVE MACRO or with P-CONFIG SAVE. Once ID with the POWERON MACRO option. SelecType to their off or the SelecType displayed. You trying to that the currently selected Not that selected LJ-3 LQ or FX To the options the You the of SelecType. the SelecType light selected You to to Chapter or the SelecType the Reference Troubleshooting
SelecType turning the the START UP ERROR and previously selected This appear turned off the while it the of with the FACTORY RESET option SelecType If this the the to SelecType and them as Chapter that previous SelecType that You trying to SelecType of This SelecType to the I/F CONFIG from PARALLEL to SERIAL and with P-CONFIG SAVE, the reflected to four SelecType as Troubleshooting
feed properly. The selected. If the optional the INPUT to OPT or AUTO, AUTO, the the PAGE SIZE whether from the (The of the the optional first.) Chapter to the INPUT The ON LINE light off. The off Press ON LINE to the crookedly or crookedly the The the optional or the correctly. the of the that the and freely. If the too tight, they the to they too the crookedly the The feeding and the FEED JAM or PAPER JAM appears the The the Clear the following the instructions this chapter. Troubleshooting
the You the sufficiently to smooth feeding. If the as this chapter. the of the of to the then the feeding supply too thin or rough. Chapter information choosing the right The then the There too the than the face-down top of the If the optional than sheets the Printed too and the output properly. or The to the or You the type of smooth, high-quality Chapter information choosing that when through Turn the of and the other the optional This straight- through that curling. Troubleshooting
The and then The reads PAPER SIZE ERROR and the CONTINUE light flashes. You trying to that the PAGE SIZE SelecType. You to feed this manually as Chapter only that within the specified A. The with the PAGE SIZE option match If the FEED light CONTINUE. Then that selected and the to matches the PAGE SIZE If the PAGE SIZE and with the SAVE MACRO option. If the FEED light indicating that the SelecType SelecType and the INPUT and PAGE SIZE If incorrect the with the indicated PAGE SIZE and If the SelecType incorrect, RESET to clear the the Next, the to match the of the the with the SAVE MACRO option and with information SelecType, Chapter CAUTION: the RESET the If to that than the SelecType toner the and the the PAGE SIZE option to match the Troubleshooting
Quality If the through the following section and to match with the below. The match exactly, to of type. the sections the and Chapter If the through the this section, the corrective and or service The what Printed or background. The Turn the counterclockwise dirty. Clean the as Chapter There with the the as Chapter or white or appear The the of the top cover dirty. the as Chapter The dirty. Clean the as Chapter The dirty. The charger thin the top of the the with If the the as Chapter Troubleshooting
or white appear The dirty. Clean the as Chapter There with the as Chapter appear the There scratch the of the the as the The of the dirty. and the of the with clean, cloth. Then it as Chapter There with the as appear The cleaning to replaced. as Chapter The of the dirty. Clean the as There with the as Chapter Quality Troubleshooting
Quality The of the The dirty. Clean as If this the the as Chapter of appear the or The higher the the the lighter the or You using the type of If the of too rough, characters appear or Smooth, high-quality recommended Chapter information choosing The charger dirty. Clean as Completely If the TONER LOW warning appears the the as The with software or interface or If to the with the or service If the properly, the charger Turn off the and the wire. If or service Troubleshooting
printed. The to replaced. as Chapter The light or The correctly. the turning clockwise. If the TONER LOW warning appears, the as Chapter The charger Clean the as or The higher the the the the or If the the as The too The correctly. the turning counterclockwise. If the the as Chapter The of the dirty. the feed path. Clean the of the as Chapter Quality Troubleshooting
or the as expected. The selected. You the or correctly. as Chapter The SelecType FONT option correctly. the or the FONT as Chapter SelecType to that or selected from the or and the CARD ERROR appears the You the or correctly. the instructions the optional the properly. from the The INPUT to STD. To the the INPUT option to OPT or AUTO. this as Chapter There the the The the properly. Chapter instructions the You too the The of of Troubleshooting
Several sheets feed the and (The FEED JAM or PAPER JAM appears the You the of sufficiently the as earlier this chapter. to the to the of the that creased or You the If the of the too smooth or too rough, feeding feeding each manually from the matches the A. The thickness of the affects feeding. purchasing The feed dirty. Clean the as the section the optional Chapter the optional the properly. The the The properly. Chapter information the You the correctly. that the the FACE UP as The then the output There too the than the Troubleshooting
memory (memory or memory board), the function as expected the the RAM the expected amount of memory. The RAM chips or the optional memory board correctly. Turn off the and the that the the sector of the board and that each seated its that the notches the the Chapter instructions. If the memory board (C82206*), the DIP switches correctly. Chapter instructions the memory board. and the INSUFF MEMORY appears the The SelecType FULL PRINT, RX-BUFFER SIZE, or INDIVIDUAL to Chapter information. You enough memory. You to MB of memory of MB. Chapter instructions increasing the memory. If of the memory and the to appear, to the trying to Troubleshooting
that easy to the of the and the of the that and the off. the SelecType while the the HEX DUMP the Next, that the to or written the as shown below. OC 1B 1B 6F 6C 6F 6F OD OA 6E 6F 6C 6D 6F 6D 6E 6F 6E 6E 6C 6B 6C 6F 6C 6F 6E 2E OD OA 0D OA 6E 6F 6F 2C 6F 6F 000A 6F 6E 6F 6D 6F 6E OD OA 6C 000C 6F 6E SF 6E 6F 6C 000D 6E 6C 2E OD OA HEX DUMP LIST PAGE t..ZTrouble ..This chapter and their ..If of information the the Troubleshooting
To off the and ON LINE to the off (If ON LINE while printed, the ON LINE light flashes the and the off To the off the the reading the characters the text field the right of the or the of what to the the text field, characters appear as their ASCII characters. Non-printable such as To the first of the the s; the fifth of the text field the right of the and the Troubleshooting
Converting to If to instead of numbers, them with the chart below. the the first of the and the the The that to the intersection of the with the first and the with the to the of the 5A, where intersects A. There the Hex- chart CODE C C Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting
Chapter Identity Cards GL identity identity cards.. identity identity Recovering from Font Cartridges Compatible Selecting Recovering from The Unit the The the Optional Interface Cards interface Memory to increase the memory Selecting memory option memory Checking the memory..
Identity Cards identity allows to optional of the identity this the and the GL about the of other identity You identity and with this You identity The A. You optional and B. with Follow these when using the optional identity You least (MB) of RAM the that the This to least 0.5MB of RAM to Memory this chapter. You the only. that the than To clear this the RX-BUFFER SIZE option or increase the RAM. Chapter instructions SelecType, or Memory this chapter information RAM. If MODE ASSIGN to of the IES to off the If both the switching and the the the each switches from LJ-3 to information the the offers, Switching the Emulation Chapter
GL identity Follow these when using the GL You least of RAM the that GL This to least MB of RAM to GL Memory this chapter. The commands from optional interfaces the interface the interface to the commands. The following apply when the GL with the AUTOSENSE -The becomes when another -You when the FEED light off. The of choose SelecType Caring identity the cards, follow these crush, or the cards. Their their operation; to straighten them. touching the the If the becomes dirty, the the with or other to the their and when using them. sunlight or heat They withstand from -30C to 65C (-29F to 150F) and to humidity. Identity Cards
Identity Cards when and You to the or too force. the off or identity You identity only. If the off. the its arrow the of the with arrow. Gently the the with the front of the Turn the CAUTION: If the ILLEGAL CARD appears the through the that the offers. the information.
Removing identity Turn off the CAUTION: the when the the the and straight of the Recovering from the shows of the following occurred: REINSERT CARD ILLEGAL CARD REMOVE CARD CARDMEMORY OVERFLOW and Chapter instructions the Identity Cards
Font Cartridges Optional with optional Font to internal The of which from and the right of the optional from the information the instructions cards, the section identity cards. and cards, follow the instructions this section, that or instead of C. You only HP (LJ-3). To the the SelecType MODE ASSIGN option Chapter
Compatible The below that with the information about its character and of these the as the of the and character each Cartridge Cartridge HP 92286A 92286C International 92286D 92286E Gothic 92286F 92286H Math 92286J 92286K Math P&L 92286L 92286M P&L 92286N Gothic P&L 92286P P&L 92286R 92286T 92286U 92286V 92286W 3-of-9/OCR 92286X EAN/UPC/OCR-B 92286Y PC Microsoft ProCollection 92286PC International Collection #CO1 Great C2055A C2053A #CO WordPerfect C2053A CO2 Microsoft C2053A #CO3 Polished Worksheets Font Cartridges
Font Cartridges HP Peripherals International 425-in-One HardFont Cartridge HardFont Cartridge HardFont Cartridge HardFont Cartridge HardFont Cartridge LGL HardFont Cartridge SST HardFont Cartridge BST HardFont Cartridge HardFont Cartridge A-TO-Z IQ Cartridge Cartridge Cartridge 2L Cartridge 2LC Cartridge 2WP Cartridge 2XP Cartridge 2LS II Cartridge One Cartridge One Cartridge UDP DT1-TMS RMN DT2-HELV DP4-TMS RMNIHELV H-65 International 65.in-One International 65-in-One PRO 86-IC Cartridge Cartridge #C04 Presentations C2053A C2053A #C05 C2053A #C06 More C2053A #C07 Text C2053A #C08 Text C2053A #C09 MX-1 Cartridge PC
UDP Bitstream Scalable Cartridge Cartridge HP C205OB C205OC IQ Cartridge CAUTION: other HP with or Cartridge CTG-A00 TYPE CITY STARTER PACK, DELI ADD-ON CARD MOD-A00 CENTRAL PARK ADD-ON CARD MOD-A002 SKYSCRAPER ADD-ON CARD MOD-A003 SOHO ADD-ON CARDD MOD-A004 CENTURY SCHOOLBOOK ADD-ON CARD MOD-A005 HUMANIST ADD-ON CARD MOD-A006 BITSTREAM CHARTER ADD-ON CARD MOD-A007 DUTCH ADD-ON CARD MOD-A008 HEADLINES II ADD-ON CARD Cartridge T&F and WP C1 MS C1 C3 C4 C5 C6 C7 C8 PHONT+ PRO IIP C8O/C90 C8O/C90 Word Perfect II COMPLETE FONT LIBRARY CARTRIDGE Font Cartridges
Font Cartridges You C located the front of the CAUTION: the the or the them. the off or off the its as shown below. the the and
Turn the or CAUTION: If the REMOVE CARD appears the the when the or when its memory If this the and CONTINUE: then through Selecting Once the to SelecType or The to with SelecType the the information the FONT option that To with the which information. Removing CAUTION: when the SelecType or If REINSERT or REMOVE CARD appears the You of these when the FEED light the off Font Cartridges
Font Cartridges the off or turned off. If the FEED light FEED to the the the top and straight of the Recovering from the shows of the following occurred: REINSERT CARD ILLEGAL CARD REMOVE CARD CARDMEMORY OVERFLOW or when the or when its memory You the or the and Chapter instructions.
The Unit The optional that fits directly beneath the It houses the which to sheets of to the capacity. With the optional of once: the and the other the You the SelecType INPUT AUTO to both and to sheets of the the If purchased and the first following the instructions Chapter and then Chapter Then, when the properly, the optional Turn off the the from the and from the the interface the slightly and the and the the location where
The Unit the the recessed each and the The to Also, to the the with the the
the front of the the as the front of the Then the with the the shown below. These the the of the the the the back the and the interface Turn the On the right of the both the of the and the of the If A4 the optional and the empty, the information using this option, the Optional and Chapter READY:P LY-3 A4 The Unit
The The normally top of the If the optional This of and recommended such as and overhead that straight- through path. the Unpack both the and the from the Turn off the WARNING: If the recently, cool proceed. the the of the shown below.
the the of the the notches each the the of the The factory To the to the FACE UP as shown below. The
Optional Interface Cards You interface to the of built-in interfaces. If to (optional interface) instead of or to interface) or interface), optional interface information about these The following interface with Interface Card C823051/C823061 Interface Card 32KB Interface Card 32KB Interface Card C82310* 32KB IEEE-488 Interface Card C82313* Interface Card LocalTalk C82312* The the which country. If whether optional interface or to know about interfaces,
interface Turn off the the from the outlet and from the back of the Turn the around facing the back and interface cross-head screwdriver to the screws the shield plate to the optional interface then off the to both screws; them Optiona Interface Cards
Optional Interface Cards the interface the the top and of the interface shown below. to to the internal the interface the with the screws included with the interface
the interface to the interface and to If the grounding with screw as shown below. Also, other interface than the other screw to the grounding wire. Connecting the to Computer which screw should the turned off. Then the the and the optional interface, to the the and the interface option SelecType. If optional interface and to the HP with to these If to Chapter instructions. Optional Interface Cards
Memory The with 1MB of Access Memory (RAM). If using graphics or downloaded to increase memory. You increase to 7.5MB. You options memory to Increase the memory the with .5MB memory You to of 1MB of RAM (2MB RAM OK memory board and to four 2MB and/or .5MB of to 6.5MB of RAM MB RAM You memory the board or the OK or both. There of .5MB each containing four Sons DRAM DIP 2MB each containing four DRAM DIP You 5MB the board or the OK board; 2MB the OK board. You the 0.5MB or 2.OMB (C82201* or C82203*) with the following You first increase the boards memory to its 2OMB capacity. You 0.5MB to the board. You to DIP switches.
to increase the memory The displays of these when memory. INSUFF MEMORY PAGE BUFFER FULL ADD MEMORY FOR CH These Chapter If of these appears, to RAM the the SelecType FULL PRINT and RX-BUFFER SIZE Chapter information these If memory memory, as this section. optional identity least 1.5MB of RAM. Therefore, least 0.5MB of RAM to to identity If the INDIVIDUAL SelecType, each least 0.5MB of RAM. Therefore, to than interface RAM to Selecting memory option memory, should the of to to the amount of memory that with 1MB of internal memory. If than 2MB of RAM, the OKB and OSMB or 2MB The below the the board and/or the OKB board. Memory
Memory If 6.5MB of memory the OKB board, to the board; of 7.5MB.
memory To memory or memory cross-head screwdriver and or flat-head screwdriver. If about the or the board, WARNING: High the when the to the board the turned off and the Also, to the the board of the the electricity The of this chapter the procedures memory and/or the OK board. the board the from the and from the back of the interface from the back of the Memory
Memory the four screws that the the back of the the screws them to the board. Press the the of the to release the board, as shown below. Press the board slightly.
the board with both and straight of its the clean, with the facing to right and the facing If optional interface it memory the board. the interface and straight of the interface If the board, to the the RAM To release the that the and it off the board. the the chips. Memory
Memory the board The RAM located the right of the board. There sectors the board, each containing four their IC numbers), as shown below. If both sectors empty, the first sector If sector already the sector RAM when Sector IC 1.5MB 2MB CAUTION: You 2MB the board; the .5MB
Follow these to memory the the They should slightly than as shown below. If of the incorrectly, them back the the RAM with the the that the notch the of the right. Memory
Memory Gently the the If with or flat-head screwdriver; then the CAUTION: to scratch the or the board when the Once the properly both to seated. through each of the chips. the interface necessary. the memory board There four sectors the memory board, each containing four their IC numbers).
The four sectors alphabetical first sector A. Then sector and the Selecting memory option, earlier this chapter, of the RAM the chips, their as of the section. Then follow these the with the facing the with the the the notch the of the facing the shown below. Memory
Memory Press the the as and of the previous section. the boards DIP switches to the amount of memory pointed such as to the DIP switches as shown below. the switches to the below. DIP Switch DIP Switch Sector C RAM (internal and amount to board) 1MB 1.5MB 2MB OFF ON ON ON OFF ON ON OFF 2MB .5MB 2MB .5MB 2MB .5MB .5MB 2MB
the the board CN3 the board. the memory board as shown below, and its CN3. the with the three screws that with Memory
Memory the board the the and its top and the the Gently the board about the the the of the board the the further the the the the as shown below.
the board the The outward. the to the board If the board smoothly the force it and the properly the the Gently the board to seated. Then the board with the four screws previously. the optional interface interface the turned off and then the the and Memory
Memory Checking the memory the following to that the properly and that the the memory: Turn the You should then the following: lights the light The ROM appears. the RAM appears, the displays the amount of RAM that (including the 1MB of memory). If incorrect amount appears, off the and the board. each the sector and that each seated. If the RAM incorrect,
Technical Specifications A-2 Specifications A-2 A-3 and products A-5 A-6 Mechanical A-7 A-7 A-7 A-8 Interface Specifications A-8 interface.. A-11 interface A-15 A-16 Option Specifications.. A-16 A-17 A-18 Shared
Specifications and electrophotographic to or A4) the and of than seconds with A4 or First seconds or Warm-up HP III ESC/P (LQ-2500) ESC/P (FX-800/1000, identity or IC Cartridge the the Optional with or Download A-2 identity or only
and specifications or of characteristics to responsibility to the of with the to to Card to to Colored Card Specifications A-3
Specifications A4 A5 B5 Government Government F4 inches Envelope: Monarch Printable the the of and length: feed to to inches) A-4 inches DL C.5 of inches inches inches inches inches inches of to to inches)
and feed: or feed or face-down (SO51009): humidity: to RH Shelf life: months Life: to the following or and of ratio shown the with optional Several sheets sheets with optional output to 30C to 86F) or or Specifications A-5
Specifications The of with the type of If or text exceeding the Mechanical and Width: Depth: years or sheets, whichever first A-6 to months. inches) inches) inches) pounds)
Specifications The of with the type of If or text the Mechanical and Width: Depth: years or whichever first A-6 to every months. inches) inches) inches) pounds)
to to Rated Insulation AC and chassis) the the back of the the of CPU: RAM: MB to MB) Operation: to C to OF) to C to F) Humidity: Operation: to RH to RH to to than VAC VAC or VAC or VAC Specifications than A-7
Interface Specifications The the following interfaces: RS-232C/RS-422 interface with interface. interface assignments The interface assignments and of the interface shown the below. Direction The STROBE to STROBE IN DATA IN These DATA2 IN to respectively. Each DATA3 IN HIGH when and DATA4 IN LOW when IS DATA5 IN DATA6 IN DATA7 IN DATA8 IN ACKNLG OUT About LOW A-8 than the that and the ready to
Interface Specifications
Interface Specifications Direction to +5V through 3.3KR SLCTIN IN The DC1/DCS Notes: interface based TTL Both the and of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this the of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW. The Direction heading to the of flow as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the A-10 only when this HIGH (SLCTIN to OFF). This with SelecType.
Interface The below shows the the interface. TTL interface The interface RS-232C or E-422 operation. These interfaces the following characteristics: Word length: or Parity: or Stop or ready (DTR and XON/XOFF to ON.) You the options and items SelecType. Interface Specifications A-11
Interface Specifications RS-232C: Conforms to EIA Connector The interface DTR Ready) and XON/XOFF or combination. the the input to bytes, the XOFF or the DTR to (MARK), indicating Once the the recovers to bytes, the the XON or the DTR to high (SPACE), indicating ready to character or detected. interface assignments The interface assignments and of the interface shown the below. The of relative to the A-12
Interface Specifications A-13
Interface Specifications RS-232C RS-422 Direction DTR OUT ready. This Although RTS, CTS, DTR, and DC0 as RS-232C they when RS-422 selected with SelecType. A-14 whether or the ready to If the ready selected, this high (the ready to If the ready selected, the when the high and when the the DTR the within characters. Can high or with SelecType.
There four that the to of as shown the below. the Software software the FACTORY RESET The FACTORY RESET option of The to the the information the each the FACTORY RESET option SelecType the RESET the A-15
Option Specifications AC supply: DC the Insulation AC and chassis): Can withstand VAC (120V or VAC (220/24OV and to to feed: to or A-16 or
first seconds or (A4 or such as and Mechanical and (without the inches) Width: inches) Depth: inches) including the including the and (without the inches) Width: inches) Depth: inches) capacity: sheets, to sheets Option Specifications A-17
Shared Three to the (EJL) (PJL) Switch (ES) (EJL) The It the following operations Switching the the information to the the (PJL) EJL switch the with interface, bidirectional interface the to information from the EJL commands, the of this chapter. information the PJL below and B. (PJL) The PJL commands to this the HP III PJL software written that when You the EJL from the PJL information the PJL commands, B. A-18
Switch (ES) This commands to switch directly the and III To switch from LJ-3 to IS the following: <ESC> <DEL> To switch from PS to LJ-3, the following: <CR LF <CR LF <CR LF CR LF setsoftware ^D The absolutely necessary. command summary The EJL to switch to To EJL to follow the below. the (or and EJL with the command. other EJL commands, such as the command, to the wish. EJL to from the EJL Shared A-19
Shared these commands from to the command: <ESC>, <SOH> Next EJL command. LQ the following: EJL ENTER LANGUAGE LQ, LF Therefore, to the commands below to switch to the LQ ESC, SOH, @EJL ENTER LANGUAGE LQ, LF The indicated the to the of the EJL commands EJL commands immediately the the command; otherwise, the to its Every EJL command with the following @EJL, which although other commands both and You the LF the of EJL command; only LF terminates the EJL command. If the EJL followed LF the as EJL command; then as character the If EPSON GL with the command. You switch with SelecType. A-20
Command summary EJL command <ESC> <SOH> Universal of EJL Format: ASCII ESC SOH 1B and EJL From EPSON GL the EJL with this command. You the with SelecType. EJL commands @EJL ENTER LANGUAGE LF Format: ASCII EJL ENTER LANGUAGE LF (ASCII 4A 4C 4E 4E 4C PS LJ-3 LQ from EJL 3D (ASCII OA FX EPSON GL PJL Shared A-21
Shared @EJL COMMENT LF Format: ASCII @EJL COMMENT <LF> 4D 4A 4C 4F 4D OA 4D 4E EJL INQUIRE NAME LF Format: ASCII EJL INQUIRE NAME LF> 4A 4C 4E 4E 4D If using bi-directional interface the and the the following @EJL ANSWER NAME EPL-8000 CR LF A-22 OA
HP B-2 Introduction B-2 HP III B-8 the EPL-8000 as SelecType ORIENT B-9 B-9 FONT B-10 SUB CONFIG B-12 Fonts and B-12 B-13 B-17 B-30 B-32 HP Command Summary B-33 commands topic B-1
Introduction HP allows to software the HP III This software HP III without to This section information about HP It the features of HP as as the HP and with the HP HP III the EPL-8000 HP slightly from operating HP III the The features the following and the following B-2
supply (with option) These selected with SelecType, with software or commands. Chapter information SelecType. You only of the with or commands to of the other B-8. Printable The of the the HP III and this the The of characters that the the exactly the this as HP III EPL-8000 sheets sheets (with option) sheets A4 B5* A5* F4* Monarch DL C5 Scalable Introduction HP sheets A4 Monarch DL C5 B-3
Introduction to match to the HP III the T-OFFSET and L-OFFSET features of the SYSTEM CONFIG option to to the to the to of the because of the printed. B-4
A4 A5 F4 Monarch C5 DL (Units Character If character the the HP of the character. The EPL-8000 that of the character that within the the HP the the as with HP III the SelecType PAGE SIZE option to of the fourteen the of to the option Chapter Introduction B-5
Introduction The offers of HP Character of each included this The following the HP with with or using command. B-8 information. EPL-8000 EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Italic* EPSON Italic ITC ITC You to Select the the right from software. of of these the international characters to each This character the HP The shows both the characters and their B-6 Software CG Univers
Norway French HP JIS ASCII ECM94-1 Swedish2 ANSI ASCII HP Spanish Chinese Spanish IRV Swedish IBM IBM Spanish IBM-US IBM-DN PsMath MsPublishing Math-8 Scalable Scalable Introduction (ITC B-7
Introduction the EPL-8000 as If software the EPL-8000 its the HP choose the instead of the III to of of features. to the the EPL-8000 and the III the previous section, there the EPL-8000 and the On the EPL-8000, and PaperDestination commands and the command treated as command. Also, the HPGL/2 Font and network interface boards the EPL-8000. If HP to commands, the commands shown below to the the of (ID the command, B-17. B-8
SelecType This section and options when SelecType HP (LJ-3). information SelecType. ORIENT The option selects the which the characters You choose of and of ORIENT, PORT FONT The FONT option selects the and then the FONT RD- RD C options appear the A, B, and C or those To what HP of C options options PORT LAND R-PORT R-LAND B-9
the or the shows the then to the If the as follows. If selected or to the Then once to If selected pitch or to the characters inch. Then once to You that match the only. If the SYMSET or ORIENT the change. To the selected as the the SAVE MACRO option the SYSTEM CONFIG SUB CONFIG HP the SUB CONFIG option includes the FORM option to the the selected and The choose the This affected the PAGE SIZE, ORIENT, and FONT If the to l/6-inch. B-10 options options options to of to of SYMSET
FORM 64LINES If appears the the of selected of the of to the SYMSET option to choose from HP this SYMSET IBM-US options through or options IBM-DN ECM94-1 PSMath IRV French UK Chinese ANSI AS Swedish Math-8 JIS ASC HP Spanish B-11
Fonts and This section the and HP The offers of and HP The following that and Attribute Pitch The following the (characteristics) of the HP Both and Landscape) the the B-7. Upright, B-12
The following the of the of the and the The =Upright, Italrc, CU upright, Cl GL/2 such as rotation, and Also, (the GL/2 Fonts and B-13
and The below only the characters the C o EPSON ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUWXYZ EPSON ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ B-14
EPSON ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTZ EPSON C EPSON ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ EPSON ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUWVXYZ EPSON LI ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ and B-15
Fonts and EPSON BoId EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON B-16 ABCDEFGHIIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ITC ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ o The EPL-8000 Bitstreams and Bitstream Fontware@ Bitstream Typeface the PC. to or instructions Bitstream typefaces with HP of of these the international characters to each The following the HP The following the characters HP and their The ID the the of the to that Fonts and B-17
Fonts and (8U) ECMA-94 (ON) B-18
IBM-US (IOU) IBM-DN (11U) Fonts and B-19
Fonts and (IZU) (IU) C CODE] o C B-20 C o o
I.0 ANSI ASCII (OU) Math (6M) and B-21
Fonts and International (13J) US (14J) B-22
PS Math PS Text (10J) CODE C @P C <L M] o o Fonts and B-23
and Math-8 (8M) Font (15U) B-24
Microsoft Publishing (6J) (9U) and B-25
Fonts and Top B-26
(I OL) (11L) and B-27
and (13L) B-28
International IS0 ANSI ASCII French HP JIS ASCII Swedish UK French HP Spanish Chinese IRV Swedish IBM IBM Spanish 5C 5D 5E 7C 7E ID and B-29
initialized, the the HP to the shown the below. Item Factory input (US) or (A4) other Copy count (US) or (other) VMI inch inch) HMI of the selected HMI Inch (IO Inch when Top inch SelecType OFFSET Text (US) or (other) SelecType Text (US) or (other) SelecType Right right right CR=CR, LF=LF, FF=FF CR=CR, LF=LF, FF=FF termination B-30 SelecType SelecType SelecType SelecType the and text and the SelecType The and text measured
Item Factory (both and secondary) Spacing Pitch Height Upright Typeface Font ID Character graphic ID of function Advanced graphics SelecType Font EEPROM, and selected with the SelecType SYMSET option. ID=0 ID=0 B-31
HP Command Summary This section the commands HP information these commands, the III Technical Reference commands closely the HP III the following: ESC to the following A4, Monarch, DL, and C5. This command the SelecType PAGE SIZE You other with this command. ESC whether INPUT AUTO or INPUT AUTO, this to specify feeding when the of or the to INPUT AUTO with other INPUT STD or OPT, the the the following This only the MANUAL light off. EPL-8000 HP III from from from feed from from feed from optional The with this the following the specifying the input when the MANUAL pressed, when the switched, or when the switched to another the of AUTOSENSE ESC the and The with this the as those with ESC B-32
commands topic The HP commands HP III below. PCL BS LF FF CR o SI ESC HT SP ESC Font selection: ESC (0A ESC (0B ESC (0C ESC (0D ESC (1D ESC (0E ESC (1E ESC (OF ESC (1F ESC (0G ESC (IG ESC (SC ESC (OH Secondary ESC )0A ESC )0B ESC )0C ESC )0D ESC ESC )0E ESC ESC )0F ESC ESC )0G ESC ESC )BG ESC )0H Backspace feed HP Math HP HP Characters IS0 IS0 HP IS0 United IS0 French IS0 HP IS0 HP B-33
HP Command Summary ESC (BH ESC ESC (6J ESC (7J ESC (SJ ESC (10J ESC (13J ESC (14J ESC (OK ESC (1K ESC (2K ESC (8K ESC (9K ESC (0L ESC (1L ESC (2L ESC (8L ESC (9L ESC (10L ESC (11L ESC (12L ESC (13L ESC (0M ESC (1M ESC (5M ESC (6M ESC (8M ESC (ON ESC (2N GSC (5N ESC (10N ESC ESC ESC ESC (OP ESC (1P B-34 ESC )8H ESC ESC )6J ESC )7J ESC )8J ESC ESC )13J ESC )14J ESC )0K ESC ESC )2K ESC )8K ESC )9K ESC )0L ESC ESC )2L ESC )8L ESC )9L ESC ESC ESC )12L ESC )13L ESC )0M ESC ESC )5M ESC )6M ESC )8M ESC )0N ESC )2N ESC )5N ESC ESC )0O ESC )1O ESC )2O ESC )0P ESC IS0 Microsoft Publishing IS Text International US IS0 JIS ASCII IS0 IS0 Chinese HP Block Characters ITC IS ITC ITC ITC ITC Math-7 IS Math Math Math-8 ECMA-94 (IS0 ECMA-94 (IS0 ECMA-128 (IS0 ECMA-113/88 Latin/Cyrillic OCR OCR OCR APL (Typewriter paired) APL paired)
ESC (OR ESC (1R ESC (3R ESC (0S ESC (1S ESC (2S ESC (3S ESC (4S ESC (5S ESC (6S ESC (7S ESC (8S ESC (16S ESC (17S ESC (18S ESC (0T ESC (8T ESC (0U ESC (1U ESC (2U ESC (5U ESC (7U ESC (SU ESC (9U ESC (10U ESC (11U ESC (12U ESC (17U ESC (15I-J ESC (0V ESC (SV ESC (0Y ESC (1Y ESC (2Y ESC )0R ESC ESC )3R ESC )0S ESC ESC )2S ESC )3S ESC )4S ESC )5S ESC )6S ESC )7S ESC )BS ESC )16S ESC )17S ESC )18S ESC )0T ESC )ST ESC )0U ESC ESC )2U ESC )5U ESC )7U ESC )8U ESC )9U ESC )10U ESC ESC )12U ESC )17U ESC )15U ESC )0V ESC )8V ESC )0Y ESC ESC )2Y HP Command Summary ASCII (ECMA-113/96, PC IS0 HP Spanish IS0 Spanish IS0 Swedish IS0 IS0 IS0 Spanish HP Spanish HP Spanish HP-GL Download HP-GL HP-GL IS0 ASCII IS0 International Reference HPL OEM-1 PC-8 PC-8 D/N (Danish/Norwegian) PC-850 PC-852 Font of of of B-35
HP Command Summary ESC (4Y ESC (5Y ESC (6Y ESC (7Y ESC (BY ESC (15Y ESC (s#P ESC (s#H ESC (s#V ESC (s#S ESC (s#B ESC (s#T ESC length, text length: ESC ESC Text ESC Margins: ESC Top ESC right ESC Clear ESC offset ESC Top offset ESC spacing: motion ESC inch ESC B-36 ESC )4Y ESC )5Y ESC )6Y ESC )7Y ESC )BY ESC )15Y ESC )s#P ESC )s#H ESC )s#V ESC )s#S ESC )s#B ESC )s#T Interleaved of CODABAR UPC/EAN USPS Spacing Pitch Typeface Font pitch
feed: feed ESC ESC Select of ESC ESC %#X ESC ESC ESC &s#C ESC Cursor ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC functions functions ESC ESC motion termination of wrap input HP Command Summary B-37
HP Command Summary Perforation ESC Perforation Font ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (#X ESC )#X ESC ESC ESC ESC &f#X ESC &f#S graphics: ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC B-38 Specify ID Specify character Font and character Download character downloaded (primary) (secondary) Font (primary) Font (secondary) ID graphics graphics graphics offset graphics graphics height graphics graphics
Advanced graphics: ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC graphics: ESC %#B GL/2 ESC ESC anchor ESC ESC ESC GL/2 and group: IP IR SC IW RO IN DF Select Select Select graphics Specify graphic P1 and P2 relative P1 and P2 HP Command B-39
HP Command Summary and group: LA LT UL SP PW FT RF AC SM group: PD PU PA PR AA AR AT RT CI PE group: Edge EA Edge ER RA Edge EW PM EP Edge B-40 type type Select selection type Screened vectors Anchor Transparency three Relative three Circle
FP Character group: SD AD FI FM SA DI SI SR SL CF LB LO ES CP text PCL ESC %A ESC (PJL): Universal ESC of PJL PJL ENTER LANGUAGE PCL C PJL ENTER LANGUAGE LF> Command PJL LF Secondary Select or Relative character character Character Character text Character HP Command Summary B-41
C LQ and FX Introduction.. C-2 as LQ or FX C-2 SelecType C-4 ORIENT C-4 FONT C-4 SUB CONFIG.. C-5 and C-12 C-12 Character C-13 C-15 LQ and FX Command Summary C-16 commands topic.. C-19 C C-1
Introduction the to LQ-2500, FX- or This that with software that LQ or FX as LQ or FX as LQ or FX to the the MODE ASSIGN SelecType SelecType. the LQ or FX offers options with LQ or FX including SelecType features and C C-2
Printable A4 A5 B5 F4 Monarch DL (Unit C C-3 Introduction
SelecType This section and options when SelecType LQ or FX SelecType. ORIENT The option selects the which the characters You choose or ORIENT. PORT FONT The FONT option selects typeface. FONT C o The factory selecting the the character and of the with the PITCH and CONDENSED this options C-4 C options PORT LAND options DL
SUB CONFIG to LQ or FX the SUB CONFIG option includes the shown below: PITCH You character pitch of or characters inch or choose spacing. CONDENSED this option to the character spacing. spreadsheets and other where to amount of information each condensed. options C SUB CONFIG. CONDENSED L-MARGIN R-MARGIN FORM TOP TEXT SKIPBOTTOM CGTABLE COUNTRY J-REPRINT AUTO CR ZERO CHAR WIDE PAGE B-IMAGE options PITCH 10CPI or PROP options OFF-or ON CONDENSED OFF C C-5
SelecType L-MARGIN this option to the Margin the pitch (characters inch) and the (ON or OFF). The factory L-MARGIN If and If the of ORIENT, PAGE SIZE, or WIDE PAGE (when PAGE SIZE to A4 or F4), the to R-MARGIN this option to the right Margin pitch (characters inch) and the (ON or OFF). The factory If and If the of ORIENT, PAGE SIZE, or WIDE PAGE (when PAGE SIZE to A4 or F4), the right to the shown the the C-6 C R-MARGIN options to options to
right FORM TOP this option to the from the top of the to the of the first This measured 0.05inch The factory inches. FORM TOP options (inch) C C-7
TEXT this option to the length. The of this option of inch. The factory inch). options If the ORIENT, PAGE SIZE, or FORM TOP with SelecType, the to the each SKIPBOTTOM SKIPBOTTOM to ON, the the of specified the ESC perforation) the and the first the The of the FORM TOP the amount of perforation with ESC N. Since their top and this them. CGTABLE the character option to the graphics character the or the The graphics graphic characters corners, and areas; international characters; characters; and mathematical Selecting the the of the character as characters. The when FX C-8 C 62LINES TEXT to options SKIPBOTTOM OFF to
CGTABLE COUNTRY this option to of the thirteen international Fonts and this of the characters each country COUNTRY USA USA UK Spain1 Norway options PcCanF PcNord DLoad ITALIC Option options C C-9
J-REPRINT this option to to ON and the the clear the If this option to OFF, the automatically, AUTO CR the option to line-feed (CR-LF) operation whenever the the right If AUTO CR OFF, the characters the right and linewrap it CR. software of this function. AUTO CR ON ZERO CHAR This option whether the slashed or unslashed This clearly distinguishing and when such as ZERO CHR. or C-10 C J-REPRINT OFF o options options ON or OFF options
WIDE PAGE this option ON, to characters OFF, to characters This when PAGE SIZE to A4 or F4. If the WIDE PAGE when other than A4 or F4 selected with the PAGE SIZE option, L-MARGIN to and the R-MARGIN and the TEXT LINES to the the currently selected ON WIDEPAGE ON or OFF B-IMAGE With B-IMAGE to DARK or LIGHT, correctly the graphics with the commands. DARK, the high. LIGHT, the DARK B-IMAGE LIGHT BCODE The BCODE to This that This reduces the of the and when graphics. options options C
and This section the and LQ and FX The offers of the LQ and FX The following these and shows of text with them. Font Pitch P/L P/L P: L: the or The the only the character the and C-12 C P/L P/L P/L
Character This section character the character the LQ and FX The both the characters and their Character You when the character or the graphics character selected. and C C-13
and Graphics Character Table International Character C-14 C
the initialized, the the LQ and FX to the shown the below. Item input Top of Right VFU Character International character Typeface Character (ESC Double-width, Upnght Intercharacter Justlficatlon DC DC DC MSB Factory SelecType A4 SelecType the and inch SelecType of the SelecType or of the (1Ocp1) the right with Every characters Every characters (Character IS (Character Every Inch Every inch the USA SelecType SelecType SelecType On (ESC tl) SelecType SelecType SelecType the SelecType Upright DC C C-15
LQ and FX Command Summary This section the and the LQ and FX LQ and FX the (such as or of the technologies these The following commands or LQ or FX ESC Unidirectional ESC ESC ESC Select ESC ESC Select ESC The following commands FX LQ ESC 7/72-inch ESC Select graphics ESC Select character The commands below function slightly when LQ or FX Also, of the commands that the of the the LQ and FX ESC ESC These commands effects On LQ these commands slightly effects and to characters. C-16 C
SI ESC SI These commands characters and characters On LQ or FX these commands the ESC This normally to and LQ with LQ or FX this command characters inch). ESC This double-height characters LQ and FX as follows: LQ If the ESC when the the first of the LQ the of the characters. the character. FX combining ESC and ESC to double-width, double-height characters, FX increase the weight FX increase the Also, when this with the the first of the FX the to the character. the ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC and ESC This that as closely as the FX and LQ of this process, the graphics commands exactly the the that they would FX or LQ LQ and FX Command Summary C C-17
LQ and FX Command Summary ESC C, ESC CO the ESC C or ESC CO to the the LQ or FX than the of each of LQ or FX when the with the ESC C or ESC CO from the length. DEL The the DEL as BS command. the as FX or LQ although clear characters. CAN FX and LQ clear the their with this command; the ESC EM and C-18 C
commands topic The following section and FX and LQ commands topic. operation: ESC Select DC DC ESC EM loading/ejecting BEL CR CAN character DEL MSB to ESC ESC MSB to MSB ESC motion: FF ESC C ESC CO ESC ESC LF ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC LQ and FX Command Summary inches perforation perforation feed Select Select 7/72-inch (FX only) Select Select n/180-inch (LQ) Select n/216-inch (FX) Select n/60-inch (LQ) Select n/72-inch (FX) Select n/360-inch (LQ only) n/180-inch (LQ) n/216-inch (FX) C C-19
LQ and FX Emulation Command Summary ESC n/180-inch (LQ) n/216-inch feed (FX) vertically VT ESC ESC Select ESC Con: ESC ESC ESC ESC BS HT ESC ESC ESC ESC and character ESC ESC I ESC ESC SI ESC SI DC o ESC SO DC ESC ESC C C-20 right Backspace or Select typeface family Select Select Select Turn on/off Select Select Select double-width Select double-width double-width Turn double-width on/off Turn double-height on/off
Font ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Word processing: Select ESC intercharacter ESC SP Character ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Graphics: ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC LQ and FX Command Summary Select Select Select Select Turn on/off Select character Select international character characters Copy ROM to RAM Select Printable (FX Printable Select graphics Select graphics Select high-speed graphics Select graphics Select graphics Reassign graphics Select graphics (FX C-21 C
software to or graphics ASCII American Information of assigning to characters and The of computers, and software. this using SelecType, each (CR) feed (LF) of the of It when the interface the and or which the of information or graphics graphics of graphics. that with such as and GL-1
that than characters and typically to to offered as memory. of information consisting of to character or cache The of memory that internally character of numbers, and that with the characters character to character pitch and spacing. characters inch of the of fixed-pitch text characters. to functions such as sounding the and or feed. characters inch GL-2
or that when the turned or initialized. graphics graphics. of information from the to the that the memory from such as inch. This of The of that commands from the commands the known as the The of the where the and to the EEPROM Electrically Memory. The of the memory holding SelecTypes It and to the GL-3
electrophotographic The this process, to selected of photosensitive then attracted to the of the to of the to printed. The toner to the then to the of the where fused using combining heat and Graphics containing international characters, characters, and character graphics corners, and areas. ESC to commands. ESC/P of This of commands software of from It and software computers. pitch to the character of which the the characters, as distinguished from spacing. fixed-pitch characters such as lowercase as as characters such as W. The character of and specified the following spacing, pitch, typeface, and GL-4
caching which the characters memory. optional that graphics of that allows to graphic type of that to the reaching the This as troubleshooting IC Optional integrated that the the identity optional that offers operation another The and of the to its of GL-5
input of RAM as temporary holding from the printed. known as memory. interface The the and the interface character or and interface which the characters This that oriented the This that than high and spreadsheets. LCD The the that displays the or options or The of memory The of the that to information. information and to the operates. Information that to the from the (such as and graphics) temporarily EEPROM, RAM, and ROM. GL-6
memory The of the memory that when off the The ROM of memory The EEPROM Three commonly with and the and This the and the characters O-9 and A-F. This and and the and information to that or off. often and to which upright characters to to as off the off with the the with the GL-7
to the which characters This with the the of the or with the text the of the mathematical allow such as and orientation, to interface interface. of the of the and pitch of character Characters pitch, where the the characters, or proportionally spaced, with Pitch of the of characters inch fixed-pitch The height of typeface as measured from the top of the character to the of the lowest. typographic of to of inch. that oriented upright the (as to which oriented the This the or GL-8
of operating commands that from the and acted existing which character from character to character. than lowercase The than typewritten RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as input and characters, downloaded and graphics Information RAM and when interrupted. To to its command, interface RESET or turning the off and This the of or smooth. ROM Read Memory. The of the memory that Information ROM to the operates. ROM. outline SelecType of the that allows to and of the from the front GL-9
interface interface. that the SelecType and other information. You this the SelecType to whether or character The upright and of numbers, and characters) assigned to character of the operation of the with the SelecType the of the or toner of resin and to the the process. charger to charge to the causing toner the to to the of the typeface of characters of which the characters such as The typeface such as The or thickness of character. selected as GL-10
SelecType The following the and options SelecType. options, those to each this Chapter of each option. with option with
SelecType LJ-3 ORIENT SUB CONFIG. PORT LAND R-PORT R-LAND RD C FORM SYMSET PITCH HEIGHT to or IBM-US ECM94-1 UK Chinese JIS ASC IBM HP HP PsMath US Top Math-8
SelecType LQ and FX FONT SUB CONFIG. (OCR-B) (OCR-A) DL* PITCH CONDENSED L-MARGIN R-MARGIN FORM TOP TEXT SKIP BOTTOM CGTABLE COUNTRY J-REPRINT AUTO CR ZERO CHAR. WIDE PAGE Prop. ON/OFF to to to to ON/OFF ITALIC C USA PcCanF PcNord DLoad USA UK Spain1 Norway Spain2 ON/OFF ON/OFF O/O ON/OFF DARK LIGHT BCODE
SelecType CANCEL:< S:A P:V INPUT PAGE SIZE COPIES ORIENT. FONT STATUS SHEET FONT SAMPLE SUB CONFIG. SYSTEM CONFIG. STD (OPT) AUTO A4 A5 LT HLT LGL GLT GLG EXE F4 MON DL to to to FULL PRINT T-OFFSET L-OFFSET MEMORY LEFT XX LOAD MACRO SAVE MACRO DELETE MACRO POWER ON MACRO 0to62 to to to o o to4 to4 to
SelecType TEST PRINT MODE ASSIGN I/F CONFIG. DSR RX-BUFFER SIZE CTS CH AUTOSENSE (TIMEOUT) CG TIME OUT to AUTO CONT. OFF BEEPER OFF P-CONFIG. SAVE FACTORY RESET C VERSION FONT LIGHT MEDIUM HEAVY OFF STANDBY PATTERN LQ FX (EPSON GL) (PS&LJ-3) (PS&LQ) (PS&FX) PARALLEL SERIAL INDIVIDUAL S,P,O SLCTI AUTOFEED BUSY DELAY RS232C RS422 WORD LENGTH BAUD RATE PARITY STOP BIT DTR XON/XOFF ENQ/ACK