rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information contained Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or other than those as Products or Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
Started EPSON EPL-5800L Advanced high performance and with of features. To with please: the information, and instructions the to and this Reference information about About This This information about using information about and the the Chapter Product Information, the and features, and It to the It information to Chapter what and to and Chapter the the information about the and information about the software that with the and Removing instructions and Started
Chapter to products Chapter Troubleshooting, what to Cleaning and Transporting the instructions to and A, Technical Specifications, the technical specifications the B, with the to follow to EPSON It and shows of the C, Contacting Customer information. and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and about the of Started
to follow these to operation: to the which CAUTION Contact, or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding touching the the instructed to this force Although the to rough CAUTION Started
the the the otherwise, the or its the clean, smooth to the or It touching the toner or it Started
or photoconductor the light-sensitive from to light than necessary. The light-sensitive the through the the Overexposing the might abnormally or light to appear the and the service of the to scratch the of the the photoconductor from the the clean, smooth touching the from permanently its and To the the photoconductor to sunlight, or (such as locations to or or humidity. least hour or photoconductor from cool to to from Warning: of or photoconductor fire, as they and injury. of them to Started
to the of the reach of the It the to overheat. using outlets that other that the of this On/Off off the least seconds turning the the Ready light and While the Ready light flashing. While Started
Chapter Product Information lights. About and products Chapter Product Information
cover switch MP interface USB interface Chapter Product Information ready light light (red) feed AC
lights Ready Light Light (red) off. On ready to Flashing or Flashing The of or that easily cleared. Flashing On and On occurred. turning off the and then turning back If this clear the or service Flashing ready light light (red) Chapter Product Information
About the advanced of The inch) and Enhanced MicroGray smoothing the of and both text and graphics, while Enhanced MicroGray the halftone of graphics. The easy to and You the to and the as the The ECP Microsoft and NT ECP high-speed and with The with of that ease of and high-quality The features below. High-quality of to the professional and its To reduce the amount of toner the Chapter Product Information
and products and products and easily. To purchase options or products, or the The of the country. to the when Memory The with MB of memory, which expanded to of MB. Unit (C81336 This the of the It to sheets of without reloading, and as to the country of purchase, the A4 or (C813372) The recommended that straight-through path, such as and Cartridge This includes the toner that the The with this already The service of the Photoconductor Unit The photoconductor light-sensitive that permanently the toner The with this already This approximately of Product Information
Chapter that should used. Sources MP Unit Loading MP Manually Unit Thick Chapter
This section what of and with or this section. The to to Recycled and The should covered completely, with Thick to to Colored Non-coated with that the and both with which with or other used. and reduce and other the to off the and the the of or type of the EPSON the of type of of purchasing or to to specifically Chapter
that should You the following this They and other black-and-white black-and-white or Previously from other black-and-white black-and-white or thermal thermal-sensitive or that high- (around C) that easily or that the completely Coated or that or perforated that or that attracts electricity or of thickness thick or thin that too smooth or too rough that the front and back that curled, or torn of or that right corners Chapter
Sources This section the of and that MP Capacity to of (Weight: to to to Thick to Monarch (MON), to (C10), DL, C6, C5, International B5 Unit Capacity to sheets A4 or the country of purchase A4, A5, B5, (LT), (LGL), F4, (HLT), (EXE), Government (GLT), Government (GLG),
Loading The feed from of the MP or the optional Unit. Please the following should of high and relatively smooth, with and to The to to of coated should You with that the and both of type. MP You to sheets of the MP To follow these off the cover. Chapter
of and to the the the and the To the the of the right while outwards. and with the the
the cover back the MP as the protection the and as shown below. the and the the top to from off the Chapter
If the optional and the to then the instead, and the that the matches the If to than or (such as or thick Chapter
Manually Follow these to of from the feed the cover the MP with the as as the feed the cover. the to match the to the Source to MP the the from the The the from the and with the the
Unit Follow the below to the Unit. the from the Press the the of and to the the the and with the the Chapter
the back the Since the of or type of the EPSON the of type of of purchasing or The EPL-5800L such as and thick Chapter
You to the MP the thickness to with the and first. To choose Thick Narrow the found the This through the Optional The of thicknesses. or to the If the too light, the as the with they specially The when with the Chapter
You to sheets of the MP to of only or To the from with that completely cover the with the You should the of top of of If the the You to the MP to feed of You only overhead and with or to the to Transparency the the Optional
Thick You to sheets of thick the MP to of thick the thick of and to thick to the the the Optional Choose Thick Narrow thick which than Choose Thick when thick which or
Chapter the the with Accessing the EPSON Increasing the and NT Choosing the with Accessing the EPSON Chapter the
the with To and its the The allows to easily the including and To the below. Accessing the You directly from based applications, or from operating as below. The from when the from the operating should the from to the To the from software, the or the You to or of these buttons. To the from or NT to and Next, right-click the EPSON EPL-5800L Advanced and or Preferences or NT Accessing You from the with information and instructions the that It when the Chapter the
EPSON About the EPSON EPSON that and information about its the amount of toner or the functional of the photoconductor through this If the with the The from within the Accessing EPSON information. to the README This the information the and the EPSON The that to EPSON operating and type. The following and shared this to what to to operating and type, then the section operating LPT/USB LPT/USB LPT LPT NT LPT LPT USB Shared Chapter the
the directly to the of shared To from the through the to the the The selecting the Allow of the Preferences You the Preferences through the of the shared Chapter the
the README information about shared NT necessary. You to the users, the and then users, the the this selected. Accessing EPSON EPSON the and while the EPSON Follow these to EPSON Double-click the Double-click the Right-click the and Chapter the
Click the Click the EPSON to the EPSON Clearing the the the to information this function. Chapter the
You and information products the EPSON The the shows the graphically. Text The text to the displays the of the If the displayed. OK Clicking this the Chapter the
the and the amount of the Information the optional Unit displayed this option Indicates the amount of The toner flashes toner or Photoconductor Unit Indicates the functional of Life: the photoconductor Chapter the
Preferences To the Preferences the of the The Preferences appears. The following and buttons appear the Select Notification: the boxes to the of that to about. button: the
Select Shortcut Icon: To the shortcut the Shortcut and choose The appears the right of the Once the shortcut the to the You right- the shortcut and Preferences to the Preferences and EPSON EPL-5800L Advanced to the EPSON Allow of OK the the Preferences This what type of occurred and offers It once the cleared. To this You to this the the
The the the Preferences If to information about the If this the the cleared. To the to the OK The EPSON the and while the EPSON To only, the EPSON To completely, clear the the the of the You to this to or to the If clear the the the to when the clicking the EPSON the of the NT the the displayed the of Chapter the
Increasing the with Direct Memory Access (DMA) connected to through (ECP), type of with expanded specifications. With DMA and ECP, directly to the without through the CPU, which increases the of flow. DMA to the following DMA. To ECP the or the Confirm the ECP or ENHANCED through the BIOS to to the BIOS. the BIOS, the EPL-5800L the BIOS, the Confirming of DMA DMA increases You DMA checking the the Optional of the of Chapter the
and NT If shared or NT that follow the instructions below Accessing the through which to the and NT If follow these instructions, to properly or the to the as shared the to which the connected. Then, specify the to the from each that and the software those computers. as shared Follow these to that connected directly to with others Click to and Select then the Chapter the
Click Shared users, Shared as then type the Shared Click OK NT users, from the users, the from the Additional the Additional the
Accessing the through To from another the follow these as the to which directly connected from another the to the from the software CD-ROM. the from the then the Click the then the
The following appears. Select then New The following appears. the text type the following information: of that connected to the of the Then OK Chapter the
the to to the On the that the and the selected. Click OK to the Chapter the
Choosing the You to specify the interface to The interfaces that with and USB. To specify the interface, to choose the the The platform the interface. The instructions below the other operating Click the button, to and then Right-click the EPSON EPL-5800L Advanced and the that appears. Select the Chapter the
Click the arrow to the to the following then LPT1: (ECP Click OK to this Chapter the
the ECP To the ECP with (IEEE 1284-B ECP To the ECP follow these the ECP the BIOS that with of the and the Click the to and then Right-click the and the that appears. Select the Select ECP [COM LPT], then the Select the the the (This Click OK to the the
USB The USB interface that with with Microsoft and USB specifications. and PC with USB and OS (or or respectively the USB interface. Click the to and then Right-click the EPSON EPL-5800L Advanced and the that appears. Select the Chapter the
Click the arrow to the to the following or EPUSB1: (EPSON EPL-5800L) USB001 the the Click OK to this the
The USB interface with the operating GX. If the USB to through USB to the first the The USB interface the used. If with this type of the USB directly to USB Chooser from the Apple Click and then the USB to. Click the Background buttons to background or off. the Chooser. Background turned the EPSON to background while Chapter the
with Accessing the To and its the The allows to easily the including and To the below. To the from Macintosh, Choose Chooser from the Apple Then the EPL-5800L and Accessing You the from the The with information and instructions the that It when the EPSON About the EPSON EPSON that and information about its the amount of toner or the functional of the photoconductor through this If the with the The from within the Accessing EPSON information. to the README This the information the and Chapter the
Accessing EPSON EPSON the and while the EPSON You the EPSON selecting the EPSON the Apple The already selected the Chooser that information from the selected when the EPSON If the correct, If the the Chooser while the the background, to the and products information appears the the Chooser normally. You and information products the EPSON Chapter the
The the shows the graphically. Text The text to the displays the of the the displayed. button: Clicking this the the and the amount of each Information the optional Unit this option the
Indicates the amount of The toner flashes toner or Photoconductor Unit Indicates the functional of Life: the photoconductor To click the when the The appears. The following and the appear the Selection the to the of that to about. OK Chapter the
This what type of occurred and offers It once the cleared. If to information about the button. If this the the cleared. To the to the OK The appears when with Chapter the
Chapter and Removing 500-Sheet Unit Memory Chapter and
You to of the following Unit (C81336 increases feeding capacity. (C813372) Optional memory expands memory. The the of the which country. Each of these options its section. If purchased and the options the first the and the following the instructions the Then the option, the that with the option. Chapter and
Unit The optional 500-Sheet Unit to the MP This section to the Follow the instructions below to the Unit: Turn off the the from the outlet and from the interface from the interface that the and the facing the the and the the with the the of the then the it securely the Chapter and
interface that the switch off the the and Turn the To that the Unit correctly, Testing the the Confirm that the Unit the Source section of the If the To the Unit as the to choose the as the Source If or NT that the Unit correctly the information the Optional of the Removing Follow the instructions below to the Unit: Turn off the the from the interface from the interface the off the Unit and and
the optional 500-Sheet Unit its the interface the Turn the The normally face-down top of the If the optional (C813372). This of and recommended that straight-through path, such as and Chapter and Removing
Follow the instructions below to the to the Turn off the the the mounting the force both once. Chapter and
The factory the switch the from to the The located the right of the the back. Removing Turn off the the Switch the Chapter and Removing
Memory Memory (SIMM), increase memory to MB MB optional or MB). You to memory graphics. The memory MB. with or MB only MB You purchase from that the SIMM purchase the following EDO type or MB Access of or within inches) inches), with thickness of inch) Follow the instructions below to SIMM the Warning: To shock, to SIMM the turned off. that the Chapter and Removing
Press the the of the and the cover. the right of the and cross-head screwdriver, the screws holding the cover the cover to screws the when them. It helpful to screwdriver. Chapter and
the which the SIMM to installedthe with the the that the from the Warning: touching the that the cover. that these become while the the to electricity touching grounded of Chapter and Removing This the
the SIMM the from the right as shown below. both of the SIMM and to the to the cover back Chapter and
the with the screws. Gently the cover. the and the the optional memory correctly. users the selecting the Optional To that memory correctly Testing the the Chapter and Removing
If incorrect amount of memory shown the off the and the to correctly the SIMM. If the amount of memory incorrect, or service If or NT that the memory correctly checking the information the Optional of the Follow the instructions below to the SIMM: that the Press the the of the then the cover. and Removing
the right of the and crosshead screwdriver, the screws holding the cover the cover the each of the SIMM outward to release the memory the SIMM both and Chapter and Removing
the cover back the cover with the screws. Gently the cover. Chapter and Removing
Chapter the Cartridge. the Photoconductor Unit Chapter
which below with their service (S050010) Photoconductor (S051055) You the of the using the EPSON the the photoconductor of the to ratio A4 or the complexity of to Chapter
the Cartridge Follow these to the the turned off. the top of the lowered. the cover the the of the and the cover the You completely the when the otherwise, the Chapter
the the and straight and of the of the properly. Warning: the which CAUTION If the the to toner from the If toner the with clean, cloth or with Chapter
the from its While holding the from to and then from front to back to the toner the protective from the completely. the the otherwise, Chapter
the its and the that the both of the the the the the the cover. Press clicks Chapter
the the the the Optional of the or the the Chooser and the Macintosh. Click the Clear The toner clear displayed. If the displays warning the then the Clear the that appears. Chapter
Click OK to the toner counter. Whenever the should clean the as Cleaning the the Photoconductor Unit the turned off. the the top of the lowered. the cover the the of the and the cover the the You completely the cover to the photoconductor otherwise, the Chapter
the photoconductor of the as shown below. Properly of the photoconductor the photoconductor from its Warning: the which CAUTION If the the Chapter
the both of the photoconductor the the the the the photoconductor light-sensitive otherwise, Chapter
the the cover. Press clicks Chapter
the the the Optional of the of or the the Chooser and the Click OPC Clear The OPC Clear appears. Click OK to the Photoconductor counter. Chapter
Troubleshooting Ready and Lights. and Preventing and Clearing Printout Memory Option and Communication Chapter Troubleshooting
Ready and Lights The ready and (red) lights the top of the the first of The of the lights, off or flashing, as below. The the EPSON what type of occurred and offers through this section to the of then the recommended the they Ready Light Light (red) off. On ready to Flashing or Flashing Either the of or there that easily Flashing On On occurred. turning off the and then turning back If this clear the or service Flashing If the trying the this section, Troubleshooting
and through this section to the type of and the the they presented. You to the of the EPSON to the the Preferences lights the built-in light to inform of and Ready and Lights information. If the trying the this section, Preventing and If or the below them. the of and then its to the than the recommended amount of to the that freely. allow than to the face-down or than to the turning the of the which Chapter Troubleshooting
Clearing If the the the as follows: that the turned off. the and the the the of the and the the Troubleshooting
Warning: the cover the which CAUTION to the If the the Chapter Troubleshooting CAUTION
the the the the otherwise, Chapter Troubleshooting
the photoconductor the photoconductor light-sensitive otherwise, Chapter Troubleshooting
the from the path. If the the of the and Troubleshooting
the photoconductor and then the the cover. the of the of and the MP or from the that If the light (red) flashing and the cover to clear the the MP The following shows what this type of Follow the below to clear the MP Chapter Troubleshooting
the MP cover and Gently that the the cover. to of that torn off or the If necessary, the and the photoconductor and the feed path. the and then the Troubleshooting
the of the and or sheets.) the MP cover. the cover. The reprinted. when the optional 500-Sheet Unit The following shows what this type of Chapter Troubleshooting
Follow the below to clear the Unit: the from the 500-Sheet Unit. or from the and from the of the and or sheets. Chapter Troubleshooting
from the and the plate the of the then back the paper-tray, the and that the top below the using the The A4 or the country where purchased the option. that the specifications this the back the Unit. and then the cover. The reprinted. Chapter Troubleshooting
The Ready light when the Turn off the and the the and the Then the back If the outlet such as switch, the switch turned another the outlet to whether the operating properly. The Ready light nothing properly connected to the the Connecting to the Computer the The interface securely. both of the the and the If through the interface, to the the double-shielded, twisted-pair interface than length. The empty. To the the Cartridge Troubleshooting
Printout or of the or as that both of the interface securely. If through the interface, double-shielded, twisted-pair interface than feet length. If the correctly, or service of the that using the and and offset Graphics correctly Graphics amounts of memory. Memory Light If or light-colored or graphics printed, the selected or Chapter Troubleshooting
The background or the the Turn off the and clean the the clean, lint-free cloth. Clean the internal three with only character You the type of If the of too rough, characters appear or Smooth, high-quality recommended Specifications information choosing There with the the and from to and then from front to back to the toner evenly, then If the the information, the Cartridge You to the photoconductor the Photoconductor Unit instructions. Chapter Troubleshooting
Black or white appear the Turn off the Clean the the using lint-free cloth. Clean the internal three with character There with the the and from to and then from front to back to the toner evenly, then If this the the Cartridge You to the photoconductor the Photoconductor Unit instructions. or or the type correct. that the turned Confirm that the light. Turn off the the from to and then from front to back to the toner evenly, and then If this the information, the Cartridge Then to the Chapter Troubleshooting
or or You the type of If the of too rough, characters appear or Smooth, high-quality recommended Specifications information choosing Turn off the the from to to the and the of the with clean, cloth. Clean the path the clean, lint-free cloth. Clean the internal three with character If the the information, the Cartridge or to the The higher the of the the the or You the type of If the of too rough, characters appear or Smooth, high-quality recommended Specifications information choosing Troubleshooting
Completely the toner using the EPSON If the displays the to the instructions, the Cartridge To that the photoconductor and the correctly The with software or interface through the If to the with the Turn off the and The light or or The higher the of the the the or The Turn off the using the the the Turn off the the from to to the toner, and then If the Troubleshooting
The too the the If the Chapter Non-printed of the the feed path. Turn off the the and the photoconductor and then the the clean, lint-free cloth. Warning: the the which CAUTION to the If the the Chapter Troubleshooting
Memory memory to of memory. To the Turn the off and back If ECP the to with the memory. information memory, Memory to reduce the or of reduce the or of graphics, the or memory to the memory to The memory to of printed. the of or memory. information memory, Memory Chapter Troubleshooting
Option feed from the optional Unit selected the There the Unit. with that the Unit properly and that to it with too sheets of The of sheets of The Unit properly. Unit instructions the Unit. when the optional 500-Sheet Unit when the optional 500-Sheet Unit Troubleshooting
and The information match the of the EPSON the You to EPSON the and the the If from to It USB and Confirm whether USB the The as unknown the plug-and-play of the With the turned and connected to the through USB right-click the and choose Click the and USB or EPL-5800L appears unknown If the USB from the and the Troubleshooting
from The incorrect. Confirm that the chosen the of the the The the that the If the USB interface and appear the and then reconnecting the USB If this the the the information. Communication Communication that the properly the outlet and that the turned The or the enough to the process. that the and ready to The Ready light the and flashing when the Chapter Troubleshooting
shared of shared internally the EPSON To right-click Network Neighborhood and then that and Microsoft shown the of Also, that EPSON the hosting the and that the Allow of shared selected the Preferences and IPX/SPX the Although to the USB the correctly The connected to the first USB There of USB that connected to the first that the correctly the USB the USB the Troubleshooting
Chapter Cleaning and Transporting the Cleaning the Cleaning the of the toner Cleaning the the Chapter Cleaning and Transporting the
Cleaning the The cleaning. If the of the as this section. You should the MP and the months. Cleaning the of the of the affecting Follow the below to the of the and the the turned off. the cover the the of the and the cover the the and the photoconductor as Warning: the the which CAUTION to the If the the Cleaning and Transporting the
the with clean, lint-free cloth. If feed the the cover and the with clean, cloth. the photoconductor and then the the cover. Press clicks from the MP and the with clean, lint-free cloth. Chapter Cleaning and Transporting the
Removing toner If toner the the the If amount of toner the of the with clean, lint-free cloth. If amount of toner from supply stores) to Then with clean, cloth. and other cleaners. to the instructions If toner clothing, off with as this the toner to Chapter Cleaning and Transporting the
Cleaning the If the outer or off the and with clean, lint-free cloth with or thinner to clean the these chemicals the and the to the or Chapter Cleaning and Transporting the
Transporting the If to the and as follows: Turn off the the from the and then from the interface from the off the MP cover and from the the of the MP with both the and of the the optional Unit, the protective then the its the photoconductor and the to light than necessary. Chapter Cleaning and the
Technical Specifications Specifications Mechanical Interface. interface USB interface and Unit (C81336 (C813372) (S050010) Photoconductor (S051055). Technical Specifications
Specifications the of or type of the EPSON the of of purchasing or thick and only. Poor-quality reduce quality, and other to to Card to to Technical Specifications
that Printable The within A4 A5 B5 Government Government F4 to to Monarch DL C5 C6 International B5 Technical Specifications
and electrophotographic to the and of First than seconds with A4 or Warm-up About seconds feed: supply to the MP to the optional Unit to thickness or (optional) selection to to sheets output with the optional RAM: MB, to MB Technical Specifications
Operation: to C to F) to C to F) Humidity: Operation: to RH to RH and U.S. Australian UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC CSA C108.8 Class Directive 73/23/EEC EN60950 EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN EMC AS/NZS Class Technical Specifications
Mechanical and Width: Depth: Durability: years or whichever first to to Rated Rated than than than than10 options the the back of the its specified the and the photoconductor Technical Specifications
Interface interface only IEEE 1284-B To the ECP with the the ECP the interface. USB interface USB and and PC with USB and OS (or and the USB interface. Technical Specifications
and The the of the which country. 500-Sheet Unit (C81336 A4 or the country of purchase to to feed: feed capacity of to or feed the first seconds or types: such as and supply: the and including the Height including the including the Specifications
(C813372) and (including capacity: sheets or (S050010) to C to F) humidity: to RH Shelf life: months Life: to the following or A4 ratio Height Technical Specifications
Photoconductor (S051055) to C to F) humidity: to RH Shelf life: months Life: to the following or A4 ratio The of with or photoconductor the type of If or text exceeding the the and/or The ratio to Technical Specifications
with EPSON Fonts EPSON with EPSON Font Working with
EPSON EPSON easily and of Normally, creation laborious to such as Stop and OCR-B, to the characters themselves. EPSON to such automatically, allowing to easily that to of EPSON the following of EPSON OCR-B EAN EPSON EAN-8 Creates EAN UPC-A EPSON UPC-A Creates UPC-A UPC-E EPSON UPC-E Creates UPC-E EPSON of OCR-B and specified with the EPSON Creates EPSON EAN-13 Creates EAN EPSON CD EPSON CD EPSON with Fonts
EPSON OCR-B Interleaved EPSON ITF of OCR-B of (ITF) and specified with the EPSON of OCR-B and specified EPSON with the CD To EPSON should the following EPL-5800L/EPSON C8500/ EPSON C2000/ EPSON EPL-5700L/EPL-N2750/EPL-C8200/ EPL-N4000+/EPL-N2050 or which EPSON Computer: IBM PC or IBM with or higher CPU Microsoft NT EPSON ITF CD EPSON ITF CD EPSON ITF EPSON CD EPSON Working with Fonts
to KB the EPL-5800L Advanced, EPSON AL-C8500 Advanced/EPSON AL-C2000 Advanced, EPL-5800 Advanced, EPL-N2750 Advanced, EPL-C8200 Advanced, EPL-N4000+ Advanced, EPL-N2050 Advanced or which EPSON EPSON only with EPSON EPSON Follow these to EPSON The NT the other operating nearly the Turn the and the CD-ROM or containing the the Click to then Double-click Fonts with
From the New Font Select the CD-ROM or then the from the the of the Font to or the Select to EPSON Copy to Click OK The selected EPSON the Fonts with Fonts
with EPSON Follow these to and EPSON The featured these instructions Microsoft WordPad. The slightly when from other and the characters to to Select the characters, then Font from the Format with
Select the EPSON Font to then the and OK The characters selected appear as to those shown below. NT than when with
Select from the then EPSON and the following Click OK to the Notes and formatting Please the following when and formatting characters: apply or character formatting, such as or and white only. rotating characters, specify of and Turn off character and features which or reduce the of characters the or Turn off spacing, Quality If there the character such as the as appears the with Fonts
To easily distinguish from other text to text such as characters such as and Stop when EPSON Font selected, the characters than originally input. the recommended Font specifications the EPSON Font other with readers. the or the or of the with readers. and the Font specifications This section the character input each EPSON Working with Fonts
EPSON EAN-8 EAN-8 of the EAN the automatically, characters input. The following and input hand: Left/right Left/right OCR-B Character type to of characters to characters Font to to NT). Recommended and EPSON EAN-8 Working with Fonts
EPSON EAN-13 EAN-13 the EAN the automatically, characters input. The following and input hand: Left/right Left/right OCR-B Character type to of characters to characters Font to to NT). Recommended and EPSON EAN-13 with
EPSON UPC-A UPC-A the UPC-A specified the American Universal Product (UPC UPC supported. supported. The following and input hand: Left/right Left/right OCR-B Character type to of characters to characters Font to to NT). and EPSON UPC-A with Fonts
EPSON UPC-E UPC-E the UPC-A specified the American Universal Product (UPC Specification The following and input hand: Left/right Left/right OCR-B The Character type to of characters to characters Font to to NT). Recommended and EPSON UPC-E with Fonts
EPSON allowing to and the insertion of and OCR-B. The height of the to or of its length, to the this reason, to least the and the surrounding text to should input as or the with or other than Font and input the If input while selected, the correct. The following automatically and input hand: Left/right character Character type characters (A to Z, to of characters Font OCR-B used: or to NT) Recommended and OCR-B used: or to NT) Recommended and with
EPSON A, B, and C. the of of characters the of the The height of the to or of its length, to the this reason, to least the and the surrounding text to software the the of or containing correctly from that from the of or EPSON EPSON CD EPSON EPSON CD Working with
or the with or other than Font and input the If input while selected, the correct. The following and input hand: Left/right character character Character type ASCII characters of characters Font to to NT.) Recommended and EPSON with
EPSON ITF The EPSON ITF to the USS Interleaved 2-of-5 (American). EPSON ITF allowing to and the insertion of and OCR- B. The height of the to or of its length, to the Interleaved of-5 this reason, to least the and the surrounding to Interleaved of every characters as there of characters, EPSON ITF to the of the character Character type to of characters Font OCR-B used: or to NT) and OCR-B used: or to NT) Recommended and with Fonts
The following and input hand: Left/right character The to the of character as EPSON ITF EPSON ITF CD EPSON ITF EPSON ITF CD Working with
EPSON allowing to and the insertion of and OCR-B. The height of the to or of its length, to the this reason, to least the and the surrounding text to or Stop character input, the character. If neither Stop character input, these characters input as the The following and input hand: Left/right character (when input) Character type to of characters Font OCR-B used: or to NT) Recommended and OCR-B used: or to NT) Recommended and with
EPSON EPSON CD EPSON EPSON CD with
C Contacting Customer the United and the of Ireland. users the C Contacting Customer
If EPSON operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased Customer to them the following information. Product (The usually the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with C Contacting Customer
the United and the of Ireland If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, EPSON (UK) LTD of services and technical the World information the EPSON products, software and to To EPSON Technical Support: of EPSON Customer and Warranty services: Telephone Customer and Warranty teams the UK or from the of Ireland. They the following services: information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty C Contacting Customer
the UK or from the of Ireland, the UK or from the of Ireland, and They the following information: information and EPSON products Where to purchase EPSON and options EPSON wishes to with high of service. to the following information: Dont that often and The should the first they often and easily as as the to URL Access the EPSON World Worth the The EPSON information and technical C Contacting Customer
EPSON service EPSON service the EPSON products offered and the through of choices the information to EPSON EPSON as to to the and operating EPSON EPSON products and where the or service located. of The to the information hand when The information the the This information includes EPSON type of operating and information C Contacting Customer
Sources of information, and services from World (www.epson.com.sg) Information specifications, (FAQ), and Technical with the following the and information Product or service and warranty C Contacting Customer
To technical as as other services, users to EPSON Limited. EPSON established both Chinese and English the to with the following information: Product information to of EPSON World board (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: BBS: C Contacting Customer
information, and services World (www.epson.com.my) Information specifications, (FAQ), and Head Office users information, and services World (www.epson.co.in) Information specifications, Frequently (FAQ), Products and Technical Head Office: C Contacting Customer
the To technical as as other services, to the EPSON Representative Office the telephone and below: Phone: BBS: C Contacting Customer
ASCII American Information of assigning to characters and This of computers, and software. The of and memory character of numbers, and (characters inch) of the of fixed-width text characters. or that when the turned or initialized. of the that the toner that the inch The of inch) of The higher the of the higher the or To information from the to the inch The of software that commands from the commands the known as the fixed-width whose characters the amount of the of the character. the the amount of as the
of characters and that typographic and halftone that of The together to or spaced to or white the Newspaper photographs of halftones. The of the to its of interface The the and the The interface of this to the IEEE Interface that the and ECP The USB interface interface that to Microsoft and With the of USB USB connected to the the that oriented the This that than high and spreadsheets. memory The of the that to information. information and to the operates. Information that to the from the (such as memory temporarily. RAM and ROM to the which characters This this or which the rotated whose outline mathematically, allowing to or smoothly photoconductor of the that light-sensitive which permanently the toner pitch of the of characters inch fixed-width that oriented upright the (as to which the oriented the This the or
whose characters amounts of the of the character. the than the lowercase RAM Access Memory (RAM) where temporary information To refresh the memory and the of the and clarity of the or measured inch measured ROM Memory (ROM) where information that the and other information. outline that Apple and Microsoft Corporation. that easily resized or
America, Inc. Airport CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, Phone: SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, Phone: EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. EPSON IBERICA S.A. Phone: EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. Phone: