C01
Unpacking with information and instructions to and the the to protective as the instructions this (this with information assembling the and the and Reference with information the troubleshooting, and technical specifications. with information and instructions the and the that when the and the Where to Information
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
Fontware, and Dutch of Bitstream Inc. CG and CG of Inc. Univers of Linotype AG and/or its Olive of Olive. of Monotype Corporation of Industries (UK) and New of Monotype Corporation Dutch and of Bitstream Inc. Helvetica and of the Linotype AG and/or its ITC Gothic, ITC ITC Chancery and ITC of the International Typeface Corporation. Century of the Corporation. New Century Schoolbook of the Linotype AG and/or its HP and HP of Company. and of Incorporated, which The PCL6 of IPS-PRINT SIX Inc., of Inc.
Instructions Precautions This The following of whenever the cover. with other of to follow these to trouble-free operation. Warning: to the which CAUTION If the the touching the the instructed to this CAUTION Instructions
force the Although the to rough the the the otherwise, the or its the clean, smooth to or the It the toner and with Instructions
or photoconductor the light-sensitive from to light than necessary. The light-sensitive the through the the Overexposing the might abnormally or light to appear the and the service of the to scratch the of the the photoconductor from the the clean, smooth touching the as from permanently its and quality. To the the photoconductor to sunlight, or (such as locations to or or humidity. least hour or photoconductor from cool to to from the It the to overheat. Instructions
If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected or users: A- Instructions of these instructions operating Follow and instructions the the from the cleaning. clean, lint-free cloth cleaning and or cleaners. the of the the and located the and of the these and clear to allow the or or as this restricts of through the as they high or that fire or shock. Instructions
to the supply. indicated attached to the If of the supply or If to the the where the cord, to its Also, that items the outlet of as specifically this to service this yourself. or covers that Not to high or other servicing those to service to the of the reach of Instructions
this from the outlet and servicing to service the following and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the operation of Instructions A. the or or frayed. B. If the C. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. D. If the or the chassis E. If the performance, indicating service. those that covered the operating instructions, as of other and repairs service
Assembling and Connecting the the enough to the or workstation the to reach. Assembling and Connecting the
around the to allow easy and and to The below shows the recommended amount of If the optional 500-Sheet Unit, inches) If the optional inches) the back of the Assembling and Connecting the
the that than the as this the locations that to sunlight, or the where the easily that switches or timers. of information or memory. outlets the as or other items that might the supply. the and from of interference, such as or the of telephones. Assembling and Connecting the
Loading Follow the below to the MP the MP the the front of the and the Assembling and Connecting the
of to and the the With the facing upward, the the the the of the To the to the of the right while outwards. and with the the top. Assembling and Connecting the
the cover the MP to and to allow manual-feed as shown below. the and the the top to from off the Assembling and Connecting the
The A4 or the country of purchase. If from the to the the the Cord Follow the below to to the turned off. It off when the of the switch the of the Assembling and Connecting the
the the back of the and the other properly grounded Connecting to the with interface and USB. interface Follow the below to the to through the interface. You shielded, twisted-pair that both the and the off. Assembling and Connecting the
the securely the interface Then the together they both If ground wire, to the ground located below the interface the other of the the interface If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the USB Follow the below to the to through the USB interface. You shielded USB and PC with USB and OS (or and Microsoft respectively the USB interface. Ground Assembling and Connecting the
the of the the USB the back of the as shown below. (The that fits the from the that fits the the other of the to the USB Testing the To that the connected properly and operating normally, from the The information about the the and the from the Follow the below to from the built-in that the Assembling and Connecting the
Turn the as shown below. It when the of the switch the On light the and buttons. The that the the clearly. If to the to The On light the flashes to that the Assembling and Connecting the
the 500-Sheet Unit The optional Unit (C81336 to the MP Follow the instructions below to the 500-Sheet Unit: that the and that of the interface connected. the
the and the Unit facing the the and the the with the the of the Then, the securely the To that the Unit correctly Testing the Confirm that the Unit the section of the as of the options. If the try the
The normally face-down top of the If the optional (C81337 This of and recommended that straight-through path, such as and Follow the instructions below to the to the that the the
the the mounting the force both once. the
The factory To the optional the the right of the as shown the below. Memory Memory (DIMM), increase memory to MB MB optional MB). You to memory or graphics- memory MB. with MB MB You purchase from the DIMM purchase the following the
SDRAM type Capacity of or MB type, with SPD Access of or higher or Height of than Follow the instructions below to DIMM the Warning: To shock, to DIMM the turned off. that the Press the the of the and the cover. the
the right of the and using crosshead screwdriver, the screws holding the cover the cover off the to screws the when them. It helpful to screwdriver.
the which the DIMM to installedthe with the the that the from the This the Warning: touching the that the cover. These become while the the to electricity touching grounded of otherwise, static-sensitive the
and the DIMM the without forcing that the of the DIMM the that the closed the as the DIMM the
the cover back the cover with the screws. Gently the cover. the
To that memory correctly Testing the If incorrect amount of memory shown the off the interface and then the to the DIMM correctly. If the amount of memory incorrect, or service ROM The ROM (C83239 useful option that Follow the instructions below to the ROM that the Press the the of the and the cover. the
the right of the and crosshead screwdriver, the screws holding the cover the cover off to screws the when them. It helpful to screwdriver. the
the ROM It the the top. and the ROM the the the
the cover back the cover with the screws. Gently the cover. the
To that the ROM correctly installed, Testing the If the ROM the section of the off the interface and the to the correctly. If the ROM the or service Interface Cards with interface You optional interface this to the flexibility of optional Ethernet Follow the instructions below to optional interface the interface to electricity touching grounded of otherwise, static-sensitive the and that interface disconnected. the
the screws that the interface cover and the cover. the interface the of the interface as shown below. the to the
the interface with the screws. the option, the and the turning the To that the optional interface correctly Testing the If the interface shown the section of the off the interface and the to the interface correctly. If the interface the or service the
the The the EPSON EPL-5800 Software CD-ROM shipped with It with Microsoft Microsoft NT or OS or With basic and to whole of other options that the of the the EPSON installed. This the option to information such as the amount of and to of when they to the Reference information the the following to the included with the The Microsoft or NT MB of free Follow the below to the that the off and that the software CD-ROM that with CD-ROM The appears. the
the that appears, or and then the top arrow the right. the users, the the the and then the Double-click If the EPSON appear, and choose or NT or choose from the the or NT D:\EPSETUP.EXE and OK with the necessary.
the that appears, EPSON EPL-5800 Advanced and OK This the If or NT to the If or follow the on-screen instructions that to turn the If through interface, the serching The automatically. the
OK The EPSON and NT The The selects this as the applications. the the README located the software CD-ROM. Ensuring that the USB correctly the following to that the USB correctly: Click the button, to and the the the appears the the connected through the USB interface, the USB this If appears whether to restarting the to Ensuring that the USB correctly this section.
Click the and from the the
or the and that EPUSB1: (EPSON EPL-5800) displayed the to the following and that USB001 selected. the If the displayed, Troubleshooting the Reference
the following to the included with the MB of The OS or To off GX, first the Then, while holding the The Clear the GX then the Turn off protection To the to the USB interface purchase USB Follow these to Turn and the software CD- ROM the CD-ROM The CD-ROM automatically. Double-click the the
The to the that the software. that the Location displays the Click Click the that appears. appears informing that the finished, to the installation. Selecting the Chooser the to the Chooser to This necessary the first or whenever to switch to another using the selected. the
Select Chooser from the Apple Click and then the to. Click the Background to background or off. the Chooser. Background turned the EPSON to background while the
should the match While the the when directly from the operating to the following: users Follow the instructions below to the Click the to then Right-click and choose or NT Click the the The of the the The of the or Source: Selection, MP or Unit installed) Quality: The inch
Select the the from the If the the arrow the right to through the Select or Landscape The of to the select. Select the The options Selection MP and the optional Unit Select the from the Quality other wish, and the OK when finished. Testing the To that the properly, from the The information about the the and the from the Follow the below to from the users that the the
Turn the as shown below. It when the of the switch that and that Click to and Right-click the of and Click the Optional and then the Sheet The that the the clearly and that options included the section of the the The On light the flashes to that the
If optional memory of MB or Memory should the memory MB the of the optional MB optional memory the would only MB, the memory If the correctly options, the options to they connected securely to the If to the to Follow the below to Select Chooser from the Apple Select clicking its and then the connected to. Click the and the EPSON appears. Click the Sheet and the Click OK and the that the the sheet clearly and that options included the section of the the
If optional memory of MB or Memory should the memory MB the of the optional MB optional memory the would of MB, the memory If the correctly options, the options to they connected securely to the If to the to the
This... What to Next completing the and the installation, the Reference information about troubleshooting, technical specifications and optional products. the It instructions to the and information and using optional products. You this directly from the CD-ROM, or and from Microsoft or or or to the This...
or NT CPU Memory MB RAM and NT MB or recommended) MB to the Reference CD-ROM or recommended) or with High or (Microsoft or recommended) or recommended) Memory MB RAM MB or recommended) MB to the Reference CD-ROM or recommended) with or (Thousands of recommended) (Microsoft or recommended) This... or recommended) NT or recommended) MB RAM and
Information This as Class the U.S. of Health and Services (DHHS) Radiation Performance to the Radiation Health and of This that the radiation. the completely within protective housings and covers, the from the phase of operation. users United The EPL-5800 which There of from the that the operated to the instructions the provided. Warning: The of or the performance of procedures other than those specified this This The of the with of to Information
IEC60825 and EPL-5800 VAROITUS! VARNING! specificerats, LUOKAN LASERLAITE KLASS LASER APPARAT B.S.7192 IEC Information
Norway CDRH The and Health (CDRH) of the U.S. Food and Administration products products the United States. The shown below with CDRH and to products the United States. Information
Warning: The of or the performance of other than those specified this Class as IEC specifications. The shown below attached countries where required. Radiation of the head Wavelength: to This Class that invisible The and Scanning incorporated the head The head NOT FIELD SERVICE ITEM. The head should Information
to the of the as shown below. as by-product of the process. when the The recommended as time-weighted hour The EPL-5800 than hours of To the of to Information
than of with of the location The should located that the and heat Not blown directly the directly of the building whenever ENERGY STAR The International ENERGY STAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused Information ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency.
United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON products or products (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to the rating and that the to the supply The wires the to this with the following and yellowEarth BrownLive If to the of the of this match to the terminals please as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the The to the the with the Information
If to the the or only with of the and Information