NPD1962-00
Copyright and of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information contained Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation Integrated (IPS) NEST Office Copyright Inc. rights of the ICC Profile within this created the of AG ProfileMaker the of LOGO IBM and PS/2 of International Corporation. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation the United States of America and other Apple and of Apple Computer, Inc. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P of Corporation. of Industries (UK) of Arthur and CG and CG of Monotype Corporation and New and of The Monotype Corporation and Copyright and
ITC Gothic, ITC ITC Chancery and ITC of International Typeface Corporation and Olive of Olive. Univers, New Century Schoolbook, and of AG which of Microsoft Corporation and HP, HP and PCL of the Company. the and of Incorporated, which Notice: Other and of their owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights Copyright and
Instructions and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the of to follow the to operation: Instructions
the approximately without the and optional products should or people should the the as shown below. Instructions
to the which CAUTION HOT SURFACE and CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, to allow the heat to the as and touching the the instructed to this force the Although the to rough clean, smooth to or It CAUTION HOT SURFACE CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE Instructions
the the toner from of or fire, as they and injury. of them to If toner and or cloth with and to the fire or they with cleaner. least hour using from cool to to from the protective and to light than necessary. Overexposing the abnormally or light to appear the and reduce the of the Instructions
To from the location to or or humidity, and from cool to to of the reach of the This the to overheat. outlets with other outlet that the of this Instructions of the following instructions operating choosing and the the outlet where easily and the cord. the where the and the and the back or or cover them. the or other or built-in provided. interface this Non-LPS Instructions
to that the of this indicated attached to the If of the supply specifications or If to the AC the that other the type of indicated the If of the type of or If to the the connecting this to or other with the of the Each the both the If cord, that the of the the products the the this from the and servicing to service the following Instructions A. the or or B. If C. If to or
the The about One should to or the people should Follow and instructions the this from the cleaning. cloth cleaning and or cleaners. products that or around this Doing fire. touching the the instructed to the force Although the to rough to of the reach of D. If normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions of other and often technician to the to operation. E. If or the F. If performance, indicating service. Instructions
the This the to overheat. of through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. only those that covered the operating instructions. of other and service ENERGY STAR The International ENERGY STAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and and to reduce caused Their and Instructions ENERGY STAR that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency.
Information the AC the the that with this of the another fire or shock. This with this only. with other fire or shock. Warning: The performance of and other than those specified the Class as the IEC60825 specifications. The shown attached to the back of the countries where required. Radiation Wavelength: to Instructions
This Class III Assembly that invisible The head NOT SERVICE ITEM, therefore, the head should warning to the of the as by-product of the process. only when the The recommended as time-weighted hour The than hours of the To the of to should the following of Operation of together with of the location The should located that the and heat Instructions
blown directly the directly of the building whenever On/Off off the turning the Ready appears the LCD While the Ready light flashing. While the light or flashing. While Instructions
Chapter to Where to Information with information assembling the and the software. (this with information the optional products, troubleshooting, and technical specifications. Network with information both the and to this from the Network CD-ROM to with about to to this and near the software Click information and instructions the software that when the software. to
MP switch to
Rear cover option covers AC USB interface interface interface and cover Ethernet interface to
the cover to
LCD and light On or flashes when occurred. (Red) to these buttons to the where and the of products. instructions to these buttons, the
the this the the light flashing, this clears the and switches the to ready Ready light On when the ready, indicating that the ready to and when the ready. light On when the (the section of memory printed. Flashes when the when the Press once to the Press and than seconds to from the memory. and Products You to of the following options. Universal Unit (C12C802002) This It increases paper-feeding to of to
Unit (C12C813982) This both of the Memory This option expands the memory allowing to and graphics-intensive The RAM increased to MB MB RAM DIMM. products The of the following products the The know when Product Product Cartridge to that the DIMM purchase with EPSON products. the where purchased this or EPSON service
and The with of features that to ease of and high-quality The below. High-quality the RIT* of to when A4 the professional and its To reduce the amount of toner rough the that the appearance of and graphics. and
of The with selection of and LJ4 to with the to professional-looking The with the to included. IES Switch) and SPL (Shared allow the to switch the and other as the PCL6 The PCL6 with the to the with this This with of You or of The following the each type of Choose the and
Double-sided Unit" both of the You optional Unit to both of the and
to or reduce the of to the selected. the or four and
text or as and
or template that as when other The function the EPSON to when You This software only. EPSON from the software CD-ROM to this function. and
Accessing EPSON EPSON the the Microsoft If appear, from the of and then EPSON and
Chapter Sources This section the of and that MP Capacity to Monarch (MON), C10, DL, to C5, C6, IB5 thick to A4, (LT) to A3, A4, A5, (LT), B4, B5, (HLT), (EXE), (LGL), Government (GLT), Government (GLG), F4 to to thick to
Universal Unit Selecting You manually, or the to the automatically. Thick thick to A3, A4, A5, (LT), B4, B5, (HLT), (EXE), (LGL), Government (GLT), Government (GLG), F4 A4, (LT) to Capacity to Capacity to A3, A4, A5, B4, B5, to (LT), (LGL) thick to A3, A4, A5, B4, B5, to (LT), (LGL) thick to to thick
selection You the or the to manually. To the "Accessing the to the the the Access the the and the that to from the Source Then OK the Access the then Source and specify the to selection You the or the to containing the of automatically. To the "Accessing the to the the the Access the the and Selection as the Then OK the Access the and Source then
The search containing the the following If or these the If the from the MP of the Source You the of the MP the MP the Loading This section to the MP and the If such as or You expanding the MP or as shown the below. MP With or optional Universal Units MP
MP or the MP the MP cover and the of the "Loading
MP and The MP the and types. "MP information the and the MP the only, and the only. the force. Follow these to the MP The the the as that the MP the MP
the MP cover. the to the A4, (LT), B5, or A5 the outward while pinching the Then, the while pinching the to the A3, B4, (LGL)
Unlock the the to the and the A3 the the the A3 arrow with the arrow below the B4 or (LGL) the the B4/LG14 arrow with the arrow below the the when expanding the Doing the
of the the of the with the facing Then the while the the right of the to the outward while the Then, the while pinching the to the
the the the front of the
the MP cover, the front and as as the the that or to the MP cover. "Loading The following automatically. other or fixing the the the to the
Detected MP A3, A4, A5, B4, B5, (LT), (LGL) A3, A4, A5, B4, B5, (LT), (LGL) the to the of the the to from off the Universal Unit The and the optional Universal Unit the as the information, Universal Unit" The the as that the information, "MP and
The located the top of the facing You the face-down with the following of type: of that used. Capacity: to sheets of B4 or the to from off the You such as thick and
the of or type of the the of type of of purchasing or The of of thicknesses. or to the The when with the the of the or the might of
Cover and the both of the they the It reduce the the other than to the back Warning: specifically instructed this to the which CAUTION HOT SURFACE and CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, to allow the heat to should as shown below: Source MP to MP the Mon C10 DL C5 C6 IB5 Mon, C10, DL, C5, C6, IB5 Source: MP
the the MP the the Please the following this with the closed and facing as shown below. that or C5, IB5 DL, C6, C10, MON
that the of the following You to thick of the MP to feed or them manually. the of the or the might of should as shown below: Source MP to MP the (or A4 LT
You should or To the from with that completely cover the with the Press of top of each of If the those You to the Thick the thick to ExtraThk Thick and thick thick or thick should as shown below: thick with the Unit each of the when thick A4, LT Source MP to thick A3, A4, A5, B4, B5, LT, HLT, EXE, LGL, GLG, B, GLT, F4 Source: MP Source: MP Thick to or Thick to
should as shown below: Source MP to MP the (or A4 LT A4, LT Loading You the MP as as the following to should as shown below: Source MP to to sheets Source: MP Transparency Source: MP or Thick
or the MP the MP cover and the of the as shown below. Access the then from the the the the Width, Length, and Unit to match Then OK and If the as this the the and selecting CTM as the
Chapter the Software with About the Software The choose from of to the from EPSON the of EPSON information. Accessing the You the directly from from operating The from the when the from the operating should the from to that the The From the To the the or from the You to or of these buttons. the Software with
XP or users To the and then Right-click then Preferences or To the to then Right-click then To the to then Right-click then Preferences to the You the of through the With the the choosing from of or the Choosing the the You the of to or the Software with
selected the the of to the select. the to You other such as or The Click the Click then choose Click OK to apply the The the following the Software with
Text&Image, If or memory-related appears, selecting allow to proceed. the The to of such as or or Follow the below to the Click the Select Advanced You the the below of the Software with
Select the from the to the type of or to choose other such as and Graphics automatically. shown the the Information that appears the Info the Optional This the following inexpensive Text that include text and If to the manually. Follow the below to Click the Click Advanced then More the Software with This operating
Choose the with the then the Graphics Click OK to apply the and to the This operating the other each the Software with
To Advanced then the The Custom appears. the then appear the below of the You To Advanced the the the Custom then You If the when of selected the Advanced the the selected the to Custom The that selected affected this To to from the the Software with
both of the the specified as to the with the Unit Follow the below to with the Unit. Click the the then Top or Right as the Click to the the Software with
Specify the Margin the front and back of the then whether the front or back of the to as the as the and about each Click OK to apply the and to the the Software with
information about with the The amount of toner the when EPSON The You the which the information about the the Info that appears clicking the Info the Optional The and EPSON to the amount of toner the of this, the information that EPSON and the might EPSON to information. The country/region and URL specified when EPSON to the function the Software with
To the the You or reduced To to the Click the Advanced the Software with
Select the then the from the The to the selected. Select (to reduced of the or (to reduced with centering) Location Click OK to apply the specified Click the Advanced Select the the Software with
Select the To then specify the the Click OK to apply the If necessary, the to from the the Software with The and
the or four and the each to the specified You choose to surrounded Click the Advanced Select the and the of to of Then More The appears. the Software with
Select the which the each Select the the when to the surrounded Click OK to apply the and to the Advanced the Software with The choices the of selected and the or Landscape) selected the
Follow the below to On the Advanced or from of or with text or The allows to of the intensity, and of Click the Advanced Select that to from the If to The appears. the Software with
the intensity of the with the Select (to the the foreground of the or (to the the background of the the Select the location the where to the from the Location the or the of the with the Click OK to apply the and to the Advanced You as follows: Click the Advanced the Software with
Click The appears. Select Text or BMP and type the the If Text type the text the Text If BMP the BMP to then OK Click appear the Click OK to apply the The appears clicking the This appears when Text the Software with
You to The allows to or that as when other This creating or The function when High Quality selected the the from the Optional Creating Follow the below to and and the that to as overlay. the ready to as choose or from the of then or of these buttons, Click the Advanced the Software with
Select the then The appears. the Software with
Select then The appears. the Software with
Select the then The appears. If the Assign to Source selected, the displayed the Source the the Software with
the the and its the Select To or To to whether the as background or foreground of the Click to apply the and to Click OK the Click OK the the as It to of as overlay. The created. with Follow the below to with the to with the Software with
From the the the choose or then or of these buttons, Click the Advanced Select the and to the Choose the from the then OK to the Advanced Click OK to the If the Assign to Source selected, the displayed the Source the You the without the the Software with
The with the (such as If to the with (such as Landscape), follow the instructions below. the as "Creating overlay" the and the the that to the "Creating overlay" This You the To the the Optional the Software with
High Quality (PC): this with higher specs to reduce the this functions such as and type with with used. as Select this to as the that with the with Select this to the the as This function when the to High Quality (PC). Click this to the Font This when with selected. the specified Select this to the the the and the selected the the specified Select this to the the the and the selected the to the the front and the back of Select the to the to of to lighter or the lightest, the the Software with High Quality Select this with specs to reduce the PC
The from the to the selected this the of High Graphics Select this to the of graphics of such as and the specified the the the operating Printable Select this to the to Click this to the to the Click this to Click this to the or without the OK Click this to the and to the or Printable selected, there selected A4 the Software with Clear this graphics correctly. Select this to the that specified the Select this to the function XP, or
Optional You the option information manually options to XP/2000: the Click the Optional then the Option Info Manually Click The Optional appears. each option, then OK Click the Optional then the Option Info Manually Click The Optional appears. each option, then OK To the of the from the The information about the the Follow the below to the Click the Optional and then The the Software with
EPSON EPSON Follow the below to EPSON that the off and that the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM Click Installation. the Software with If the selection appears, country. If the appear automatically, the right-click the CD-ROM OPEN the that appears, then
Click Custom Click EPSON the Network information EPSON the Software with
the that appears, that selected, and OK the software appears, the and then the Software with
the that appears, country or and the URL that country or appears. Then OK the OK Accessing EPSON EPSON that and information about its Follow the below to EPSON the the URL the where Selecting country or allows to the of the URL. the the URL appear, the EPSON the Software with
Right-click the the and then The appears. You EPSON clicking the the Optional To information EPSON "Information EPSON Information" Information" "Notice and XP users: EPSON when from users: NetWare that to operating used. confirmed the below: the Software with
XP or SP1 2000/XP To NetWare to each the Network the You NetWare the IPX router the IPX This NetWare such as or NDS. You NDPS Distributed Services) Information EPSON You information about EPSON such as or interface This appears right-clicking the the and selecting and About the Software with
The and This appears right-clicking the the then selecting then clicking This appears when to the Notice the Notice If to information about the of the Software with
You right-clicking the the then selecting then clicking You information about or clicking the respective The and the The the shows the graphically. Text The text to the displays the of the the displayed. Clicking this the the Software with
Information You information and products right-clicking the the then selecting then clicking Information the Software with
The flashes the optional Universal Unit. You the of the or information about clicking the respective the the type and the amount of the Information the optional displayed these options Indicates the amount of The toner flashes when toner or the toner Clicking this to Clicking this the the Software with The flashes when the amount of the
Information You information right-clicking the the then selecting then clicking Information the Other displayed as The which to printed. the Software with The which The which The which currently. Completed: only that finished Canceled: that
You the of the or information about clicking the respective XP users: Shared XP LPR and XP TCP/IP with the function. The Information when the following used: and the shared or LPR with XP, or the shared or TCP/IP with XP, or the or EpsonNet TCP/IP with XP, the Computer: the of the that the Selecting and clicking this the selected Clicking this the Refresh Clicking this refreshes the information this the to items to displayed. the Software with
only using the LPR XP, or the TCP/IP XP, or using the EpsonNet TCP/IP XP, or You this function the following optional Ethernet interface that the function. the NetWare the function. the from NetWare and as Unknown the that the user account to to from the account to to the the function You the or EPSON when the following used: using the or LPR the shared or TCP/IP the or TCP/IP the Software with
Notice You right-clicking the the then selecting then clicking Notice The Notice appears. the this selected, EPSON the processed. More the More to to the Notice: the to displayed. Allow of the the Software with this selected, shared other computers.
the once when only when first becomes More the More which the URL appears. the to the Click this to the without the OK Click this to the and to the You clicking the the EPSON The appears. the Software with this selected, the appears when becomes or reaches of service and appearing once the replaced. this selected, the appears once when or the EPSON this selected, the appears when first becomes
The appears clicking the the the Text the and Now/Find to the URL where and the button: the information. the the Software with this to to the appears. If this to appear, the the the The More appears clicking the More the Notice
this becomes or reaches of service You EPSON double-clicking the the The that appears double-clicking the when the select. Follow the below to the Right-click the the then Confirm that selected. Select the to from the Information to Then OK the Software with this selected, the appears when first becomes or reaches of service life.
You EPSON right-clicking the and selecting the USB The USB interface that with with Microsoft and USB specifications. PC with USB and XP, or the USB interface. USB to USB as the interface to to the Since USB with USB USB as interface. USB XP, and operating If operating or USB interface. Access the or the XP, or the the Software with
or the USB from the to the following XP, or the USBXXX USB the the Click OK to the Canceling If the what expected and incorrect or characters or to the the follow the instructions below to the the Software with This operating
Double-click the Select the the then from the the the Ready light the The canceled. You the that from the the the to other users. Uninstalling the Software to or the to the software Uninstalling the applications. the Software with
Click to then XP or then or Double-click the XP or the or Select EPSON Software then XP, or EPSON Software then Change/Remove the Software with
Click the Click the and that the the software to selected. To OK If to EPSON the EPSON the Software with
Follow the on-screen instructions. Uninstall the USB the to with USB interface the USB the to the USB Follow the below to the USB Uninstall the the USB Once the USB other connected with USB interface Follow through of "Uninstalling the the Software with You the of EPSON the the of from EPSON of other
Select EPSON USB Devices then Follow the on-screen instructions. EPSON USB Devices appears only when the to or with USB interface If the USB correctly, EPSON USB Devices appear. Follow the below to the the CD-ROM that with the CD-ROM CD-ROM 2.Access the CD-ROM 3.Double-click 4.Double-click the 5.Double-click the the Software with
the Network the This section to the The that directly connected to of them. The that directly connected to the the and the other the which to the with the The the the According to the of OS and rights the the of the and the or as XP, or the or "With or XP or "With XP or the to EPSON that the shared the "Notice the Software with
or the the Network and that the and Microsoft then the and that the or the TCP/IP The and should the and they should the as the OS or follow the below to the Click to then Double-click the Network Click and the Select the to to allow others to to printer(s) then OK Click OK to apply the Double-click the the the appears, the or CD-ROM the Click OK then follow the on-screen instructions. the to the appears, the then with the the Software with
Right-click then the that appears. Select Shared type the the then OK and You to the that they the the following "With or "With XP or the OS XP, or the the The that OS from the the Software with or the or the to EPSON that the the "Notice
Follow the below to XP, or as then the You XP, or as the of the to then XP or to and Right-click then the that appears. XP or the following appears, Network or If the security to without the follow the on-screen instructions. the Software with
Shared as then type the the Select the the Software with XP or this then type the the or hyphens the or If the of the and the OS, to the OK On the XP, or
Click Additional Select then OK the Software with
the Software with or or and XP), and Edition XP or or XP XP), XP and You to the noted below, these or XP XP) XP and
appears, the CD-ROM that with CD-ROM then OK According to the type the and which the located, then OK the OS, the displayed Click other than the the The other The the OS used. OS or XP, or found. appear. Click or XP or and Confirm the following items when the the Software with
You to the that they the the following "With or "With XP or This section to the the To the to the as or or XP, or This section to the shared using the (Microsoft If the to the the of the This section to the the shared from the You the from Network Neighborhood or Network the You the the OS. the Software with to EPSON that the the "Notice the security the right the without right.
to EPSON to both of the and EPSON each from the CD-ROM. With or Follow the below to or Click to then Double-click the then Next Select Network then Next Click and the appears. Click the or that connected to the and the of the then OK You type \\(the of the that locally connected to the printer)\(the shared the or the Software with
Click Next of the of the shared then whether to the as the or Click Next then follow the instructions. With XP or Follow the below to XP or You the the or rights the the Software with The of the the or that connected to the shared To of the of the the of the If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the If the OS or or the or the XP, or to the If the or the XP, or to the from the CD-ROM" You the shared that appears the
to and XP to and the then Next XP, the Network then Next XP, or attached to another then Next the Software with
type the of the then Next the Software with You type \\(the of the that locally connected to the shared printer)\(the or You to type the of the
Click the of the or that connected to the and the of the then Next XP, the Software with
whether to the as the or then Next of the then the Software with The of the shared the or that connected to the shared To of the of the the of the If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the If the XP or the XP, or to the If the OS or to the from the CD-ROM"
the from the CD-ROM This section to the the when the as follows: The the XP, or The OS or and the OS XP or The on-screen displays the following the of OS. XP or XP or as the If the or the of the and the OS, to the from the CD-ROM. Access the shared and appear. Click OK then follow the on-screen instructions to the from the CD-ROM. the CD-ROM, type the and which the located, then OK the Software with
Select the of the OK then follow the on-screen instructions. the Software with XP, or found. appear. Click or XP or and The the OS used. OS or or XP
Chapter the About the the following to to the To the Microsoft XP, or the following XP or There these or or or MB MB free installation) Memory MB MB Recommended the
to which the connected OS or or OS or the following OS There this To recommends that the If other than the to to On the PS3 the If the with OS PC MB MB Memory MB MB To recommends that the If or other than the The or below. the Recommended The 68K computers.
should the directly to the USB If USB used, that the to the first-tier the with To the to the the sections below instructions to the interface that using to the the interface Follow the below to the the interface. EPSON when the connected It the the software XP or If information. Turn off protection the software. that the turned off. the software CD-ROM CD-ROM the
or to and Then the XP, to and and the The appears. Then Next or to XP or then Next Select LPT1 as the the connected to, then Next Click and the following the CD-ROM. If CD-ROM D:, the D:\ADOBEPS\ENGLISH\ \PS_SETUP Then OK Select the then Next or LPT1 as the the connected to, then Next XP or to the the XP or the Automatically and and the as The operating or WIN9X XP or WIN2K_XP
Follow the on-screen instructions the of the installation. the the USB interface Follow the below to the the USB interface. EPSON when the connected USB It the or the and the PS with USB already follow the the the interface" to USB as the If USB follow the below. the software XP or If information. Turn off protection the software. that the turned off. the software CD-ROM CD-ROM to the with USB then the the USB the
Select Specify location then the following the CD-ROM. If CD-ROM D:, the D:\ADOBEPS\ENGLISH \WIN9X\ PS_SETUP Then Next Click Next to of the USB the following the on-screen instructions. the the interface" the search (Recommended) Next then to Next the New Select Search (Recommended) then Next XP or USB automatically. to the as or WIN9X XP or WIN2K_XP
the the interface the sections below to operating and follow the instructions to the the interface. the the to the Network that with Turn off protection the software. XP or that the the software CD-ROM CD-ROM XP, to and and the to and Then the The appears. Then Next Select then Next the and TCP/IP from the Click Next Click Next to the IP and then Next the and and the
Click Click the and the following the CD-ROM. If CD-ROM D:, the D:\ADOBEPS\ENGLISH\WIN2K_XP\PS_SETUP Then OK the and Next Follow the on-screen instructions the of the or the Print. to EpsonNet Print the Network to the instructions. the the the interface" the to to the the Network to the instructions. High-speed (RAW) supported. Accessing the You the directly from from operating the the as
The from the when the from the operating should the from to that the From the To the the or from the You to or of these buttons. XP users To the and then Right-click then Preferences or users To the to then Right-click then To the to then Right-click then Preferences to You the the to with the the
If the the top-right of the title then the of the that information of the and its options displayed. Notice or The normally the connected to the the interface and the ECP If this the bi-directional the To the the then the that appears, this then OK the following and the connected through interface using the SelecType to the item to PS3 the to printed. On the of the that SEND CTRL-D and SEND CTRL-D to TBCP as the On the of the to clear the On the
the with the Follow the below to the that the OS that OS or OS the software CD-ROM CD-ROM Double-click the CD-ROM Double-click PS then OS Double-click PS The EPSON Software appears, then follow the on-screen instructions. displayed the Click OS the Authenticate appears, the and the
OS users the software CD-ROM CD-ROM Double-click the CD-ROM Double-click PS then OS Double-click English then Double-click Then follow the on-screen instructions. Select then Selecting the the to the the OS the Authenticate appears, the and If connecting or EPSON of the and to the the Network
Selecting the when connected USB OS users If the connected to USB to the from the You to the Apple Utility, then the as The when the Follow the below to the and to the USB from 0S the to ASCII To this from the of the that then the of the from the options the On the option that appears, ASCII the The often Encoding or the then the The New appears. Select from the With (USB) the then OK Click USB Selection The USB appears. Select from the of connected USB then OK Click to the (PPD) PPD selected, the selected displayed the If the incorrect, then the PPD the
the USB and PPD selected, warning to to appears. Select Select to The USB the Selecting If the connected through the Ethernet interface or optional OS Follow the below to the You the Although EPSON appears the interface with the You to the options manually when the USB, IP or the connected using the software the to specify ASCII as the the the Applications the then OS or OS The appears. Click the Select the or the interface that using from the the
Follow the instructions as below to users: to EPSON with the IP users: to IP EPSON TCP/IP it with the selecting IP the IP the then to the USB users: to USB EPSON USB with the Select from the then Select from the IP Select from the then from the USB Select from the then from the OS users If installed, selected the when from the while the the
Click Confirm that to the Then OS or OS OS users Follow the below to the Chooser from the Apple that active. Click the and the network to the appears the the Select the followed from the selected the USB OS or users: If selected the to the the IP users, USB or users: Select from the then Info from the The Info appears. Select from the then the the MAC the the connected through optional to
Click The appears. Click Accessing the To and its the The allows to easily the including and OS To the OS or OS the of then OS To the Chooser from the Apple then the Select the of to You the the to with the If connected to than the to the the
Follow the below to Click the then the item that with. Information that item floating the You or the to the options OS Follow the below to the Access the The appears. Select the from the Select Info from the The Info appears. to the then the OS or OS OS Follow the below to the Access the Click the then the
the the the
Chapter the PCL6 About the PCL6 the following to to the PCL6 Memory using the PCL6 shown below. optional memory the amount of memory currently memory Recommended memory MB* MB* or with this amount of memory, the specifics of the printed. the following to to the PCL6 To the PCL6 Microsoft XP, or NT the following the PCL6
XP or IBM PC or IBM IBM PC or IBM with or higher CPU with II or higher CPU MB installation) Memory MB MB MB or IBM PC or IBM IBM PC or IBM with or higher CPU with or higher CPU MB free installation) Memory MB MB NT IBM PC or IBM IBM PC or IBM with or higher CPU with II or higher CPU MB Memory MB MB the PCL6 To the PCL6 to the the to the Recommended Recommended Recommended the PCL6
The PCL6 and EPSON the the PCL6
Chapter the the You the to of that allow to the of products, and This section to the and when to using the to from the and to the fact, the the only to software or including the following: the and selecting the IES Switching) Specifying and the interface Choosing the of the memory to to the of the items and the the
the Ready light the to the the and buttons to through the to the items Press the the the LCD item and the YYYY ZZZZ or only item YYYY the and buttons to through the items, or the to to the to the operation Press the indicated such as or the or to the such as or Press the to the the the and to through to and and the to the previous Press the to to the without the You to the off and then to
Press the and buttons to through the The and items appear the shown below. and items appear when optional or Information From this the toner and the service of products. You and showing the and summary of features. Press the or to Press the to sheet or the
Item Network AUX USB I/F PS3 PS3 Font LJ4 Font ESCP2 Font FX Font I239X Font E******F, E***** F, E**** F, E*** F, E** F, E* F, to only when optional interface when USB with D4 connected and the USB I/F to On the USB AUX PS3 Prints to the and options. These to whether options correctly. Network Prints showing the of the USB I/F Prints sheet showing the of the USB interface. PS3 Font LJ4 Font ESCP2 Font FX Font I239X Font the
Prints of the selected the amount of toner the as shown below: the of the This allows to specify the and type of the MP Accessing this the of the currently the The type this from these whenever to E******F to E***** to E**** to E*** to E** to E* the
Item A4, A3, A5, B4, B5, LT, HLT LGL, GLT MP GLG EXE F4 MON C10 DL C5 C6 IB5 A4 A3, A5, B4, B5, LT, LGL LC1 /LC3 Recycled, Color, Trnsprncy, MP Recycled, LC1 LC3 Displayed when the optional Universal Unit These automatically. the to the to MP Select from this selected, of automatically. Select the to other LC1 the the and optional MP the type the MP LC1 the type the and optional the
this to the You each interface; other each the each its options, the LJ4, ESCP2, FX, I239X, or PS3 as necessary. The choose from the interface. when optional interface This allows to such as and when from or operating that to the to these whenever these Item LJ4, ESCP2, FX, I239X, PS3 LJ4, ESCP2, FX, I239X, PS3 USB LJ4, ESCP2, FX, I239X, PS3 Network AUX LJ4, ESCP2, FX, I239X, PS3 the
Item A4 A3, A5, B4, B5, LT, HLT, LGL, GLT, GLG, B, EXE, F4, MON, C10, DL, C5, C6, IB5, CTM On A4 On On On to to Top to to to to to to factory when optional Unit the A4 Selecting On the and right from to whether the or the
the Turning smoother and and graphics. this selected, the toner the of characters. The characters outlined the right and the this the of graphics reduced. It reduces the amount of graphics when the reaches the memory allowing to printed. Top to the of the that the the of the the to the of the This the
that the the of the the the the back of the when both this the the back where expected. the the back of the when both this the the back where expected. This allows to related to feeding and You this to the LCD the
when optional Unit only when ESCP2 or I239X the the LCD and that the to Item English ITALIANO, ESPAOL, SVENSKA, SUOMI, CATAL to to to of MP, LC1, LC2 LC3 Source Normal MP Each to On Edge Short Edge Normal Thick, On On On On On Protect Stop to to LCD the
the of the the there or operations. the of the the when ready to and received. this the searches from other interfaces. Source whether the from the MP or the optional If from the containing that matches If (IB5, C10, C6, DL, MON, C5) selected as the from the MP If Thick or as the from the MP MP This whether the MP the highest or lowest when selected as the Source the Normal selected as the MP the MP the highest as the If the MP the lowest priority. the
Allows to the feed the MP If the and the immediately when received. If the when received the If the when and then each the the of to printed, from through or off. This allows to both of the of the whether from the front or back of the the type of to The the to this The reduced when Thick or selected. to when This when the ESCP2 or I239X the
whether or to when the specified the reached. The which ejected when the time-out reached. If to On this item the the the the specified This of the toner that the properly. this item turned off, the this the of when of the following or Overflow. this option off, the to Protect memory as to You to turn this If appears the LCD this and This reduces the amount of memory to the allow to Protect when selected. You to increase memory memory to the Protect the memory, which to the
If this item to Stop the displays to know when the toner and To this function, this item to If and toner pressing the The another sheets or the finished. The from what expected because there enough toner to the If this item to the from what expected there enough toner to the LCD the of the LCD the and buttons to the (lowest and (highest This allows to and the Clear Warning Clears that these that from products or mandatory-replacement Clear Clears that appear the LCD the
and clears the received from the active interface. You to the when there with the and the successfully. clears the memory, and the to their The from interfaces Performing clears received from interfaces. to SelecType the to their Counter the counter when the These the and the when the interface. the
this item the or the While reflected the Sheet and EJL read-back, the or the turned I/F Allows to or the interface. the of the ACKNLG when the or selected, the about s. Normal selected, the about s. Allows to the bidirectional bidirectional the amount of memory to and If selected, memory If selected, memory To off the than seconds then back operation, as Item I/F On Normal ECP Normal the
the the Ready light flashing when the USB These the and the when the USB interface. the
this item the or the turned While reflected the and EJL read-back, the or the turned when USB with D4 connected. The USB to when exiting the when USB with D4 connected and the USB to The of the the USB when the to This the from or PING to the to or PING the displayed. the from the USB I/F to or the USB interface. Item USB I/F On USB Confg IP PING IP to SM to GW to NetWare On, On, MS Network On, On, USB I/F Normal the
the amount of memory to receiving and If selected, memory allocated If to selected, memory To off the than seconds then back operation, as explained the the Ready light flashing when the Network the Network each AUX the Network each LJ4 These the and when the LJ4 the
when when the optional ROM installed. whether or A4 selected. which selected. If normally the PCL when should this whenever the LJ4 options. FontSource the Font Item Download ROM FontSource to Font Pitch Height IBM-US ECM94-1, ISO, ISO, 8859-10ISO, 8859-15ISO, IBM-DN, MsPublishin, Math-8, PsMath, VeMath, UK, ANSI ASCII, Spanish, ISO, OCR A, OCR B, Pc862Heb, HPWARA CR CR LF CR Function LF CR LF LF Function 4K 5S, Assign the
the the The the Pitch the pitch the and of fixed-pitch. You from to (characters inch), This item appear the Font Source or Font Height the height the and You from to This item appear the Font Source or Font Selects the If the selected Font Source and Font the the Font Source and the Font with the IBM-US Selects the of the selected and This (VMI) and the VMI the This that the or the based the VMI. CR Function, LF Function These included users of operating such as UNIX. Assign the
the assignment the command. selected, the commands as with the HP 4K selected, the commands as with the HP and 5S selected, the commands as with the HP PS3 This allows to which the when the PS3 On the Protect The when selected. The when On selected. to which amount of the On the and the ASCII Item On Protect On On Text Detection On the
only with You to On when To the and that SEND CTRL-D Each and SEND CTRL-D Each to this to On TBCP and the Text Detection On the text to when This when PS3 the ESCP2 This allows to which the when the ESC/P the
whether or A4 selected. Font Selects the Pitch Item T, Font S, H, OCR A, OCR Prop. Pitch On inches 0.05-inch T. Margin Text Italic, PcNordic, PcIcelandic, ISO 8859-15ISO, ISO, ISO, PcHe862, ISO USA Germany, UK, Country Italy, LatinAmeric, On CR On LF Light, (or the character with the
Selects the pitch (the of the pitch, measured (characters inch). You choose or off. T. Margin the from the top of the to the of the first The measured inches. The the the the to the top. Text the this option, to inch). If the or T. Margin the to the each CG Table the character (CG) option to the graphics character or the The graphics graphic characters corners, areas, international characters, characters, and mathematical If the of the character as characters. Country this option to of the international "International character of the characters each countrys CR the
whether the carriage-return/line-feed (CR-LF) whenever the the right If the characters the right and wrapping character. This function LF If the line-feed (LF) command with each (CR). If On selected, with each carriage-return. On text The to the graphics with the commands. If the high, and Light the If the to This that This reduce the of the printed, and when graphics. whether the slashed or unslashed FX This allows to which the when it the FX the
Item Font S, OCR A, OCR Pitch On inches 0.05-inch T. Margin Text Italic, PcNordic, PcIcelandic, ISO 8859-15ISO USA Germany, UK, Country Italy, Spain1, Spain2, LatinAmeric On CR On LF Light, (or the character with whether or A4 selected. Font Selects the Pitch Selects the pitch (the of the pitch, measured (characters inch). You choose spacing. or off. the
T. Margin the from the top of the to the of the first The measured inches. The the the the to the top. Text the this option, to inch). If the or T. Margin the to the each CG the character (CG) option to the graphics character or the The graphics graphic characters corners, areas, international characters, characters, and mathematical If the of the character as characters. Country this option to of the international "International character of the characters each countrys CR whether the carriage-return/line-feed (CR-LF) operation whenever the the right If the characters the right and character. This function applications. LF the
If the line-feed (LF) command with each (CR). If On selected, command with each carriage-return. Select On text The to the graphics with the commands. If the high, and Light the If the to This that This reduce the of the printed, and when graphics. Selects whether the slashed or unslashed I239X The I239X IBM commands. These when the the I239X the
whether or A4 selected. whether or A4 selected. Font Selects the Pitch Selects the pitch (the of the pitch, measured (characters inch). You choose Selects the character Character the characters and The text based the selected character Item Gothic, Font Prop. Pitch inches 0.05-inch T. Margin Text On CR On LF On Graphics Light (or the character with CharacterSet the
T. Margin the from the top of the to the of the first The measured inches. The the the the to the top. Text the this option, to inch). If the or T. Margin the to the each CR whether the carriage-return/line-feed (CR-LF) operation whenever the the right If this off, the characters the right and wrapping character. This function applications. LF If the line-feed (LF) with each (CR). If On selected, line-feed with each carriage-return. Select On text Alt.Graphics Turns the Graphics option or off. The to the graphics with the commands. If the high, and Light the the
If the to This that This reduce the of the printed, and when graphics. Selects whether the slashed or unslashed CharacterSet Selects character or and This section of shown the LCD of each and correcting the that every shown the LCD the the of the To that the to the then the button. The LCD displays the amounts of The the memory, including the currently or This appears when the than seconds. the
The the This appears when the and released within seconds. Cant The incorrect. that the and EPSON EPL-N2550 used. Cant The encountered using type and of the Unit. The of incorrect the Pressing the the of the of the Press the to the Near The nearing the of its functional life. with recommended. Cartridge" instructions. The the the optional Unit. the and to the
The from the of the to the of the specified To clear this Clear Warning from the to the instructions. The the match the type the that matches only the To clear this Clear Warning from the to the instructions. specifying the of to of memory (RAM). If this To clear this Clear Warning from the to the instructions. Cooling The lowers its to the fixing Ready to appear the LCD DM The Unit become from the Turn the off, the Unit and the DM the
The Units cover Overflow There enough memory The the front and the To clear this follow the instructions below. If selected as the the the to the back of the or the to the If On selected as the the of The ejecting to user This appears when the once to the offline, and then holding the than seconds to command. There memory to the the specified The lowers the that If the of the simplifying the the of graphics or reducing the and of To clear this Clear Warning from the to the instructions. the
Turn the off the the to the to You to increase the amount of memory to to the information memory, "Memory The or correctly. that the correctly. AUX I/F Card This that the with the optional interface Turn off the the then N/W There or the with service PS3 The ROM Turn off the and To clear this the or off the and the ROM then the ROM If that to clear the The specified the the indicated loaded, then the the
If to this the Overflow The memory to the Press the the to the to the This appears to the through the when the buttons locked. You them the Network to the Network information. Memory The memory to the from the or the the To clear this Clear Warning from the "How to the instructions. To this from memory to as "Memory The recommended. or from the of products or the
The ready to Press the XXX The location where the occurred the location of the If or locations the locations displayed. XXXXX YYYY There the specified XXXXX of the indicated YYYY the XXXXX YYYY the A. instructions to the A, A)" the output (cover or B) or instructions to the cover or (Cover or B)" the optional instructions to the optional MP A, C1 A, C2 A, C3 and A)" MP C1 C2 C3 the optional Units DM or cover DM). instructions to the Unit, DM DM)" the
The the XXXXX match the YYYY the with the and the to the to the If the without the the the though match the The to the the the too Press the to the to the If this appears On as the Protect the If to this when simplifying the the of graphics or reducing the and of You memory to the as "Memory RAM The the RAM. Ready The ready to and The toner the
Cartridge" instructions. This when the to the the to the the light or The interface and the cleared. other interfaces active and their and to the or to the that to while the Press the to clear this The become effective finished. ROM The the ROM. The internal Service the
or detected. Turn off the least seconds and then back If the appears, write the the LCD and off the the cord, and service operations completely suspended. The of If the too light or the as Cartridge" You to the appears. Waiting this appears the toner recommended as toner toner the become Cartridge" instructions. To clear this Clear Warning from the to the instructions. Turn XX The of the the specified XX match the Turn the to Clear The clear the the Warming the
The Worn This that the the of its service life. this appears guaranteed. Turn the off, then the cooled off Then the with Unit" instructions. The clears the and covers. ROM A/Write ROM This the the If this Writing ROM A/Writing ROM This that ROM written. Please this disappears. The it with the this Cartridge" instructions. XXX One or of the following covers A, Cover B, or Units cover. the
To the of the and that the options correctly, the Follow the below to Turn the The LCD shows Ready Press the three The Confirm that the information about the options correct. If the options correctly, they appear If the options try them. If the options correctly, that they securely connected to the If to the to the
Canceling You from the To from "Canceling the The the and to Pressing this the currently Pressing the than seconds from the memory, including the currently or the Selecting from the clears the from the active interface, and clears that occurred the interface. Follow the below to the Press the to the Press the appears the LCD then the Press the to Press the canceled. The ready to the
Unit You to about the and that with the optional "550-Sheet Unit" specifications, "550-Sheet Unit" to the following the option. The about One should to or people should the from the shown below.
Warning: If the incorrectly, and injury. the Universal Unit Follow these to the optional 550-Sheet Universal Unit. Turn the off and the and interface to the from the to shock.
the the 550-Sheet Unit. each of the corners with those of the then the securely the The should least the with their the indicated optional the other then the top of them.
the MP and from the and then the optional from the Then, the to the with the four that provided. of the four both of the of the the protective from the and the
the interface and cord, then turn the To that the option correctly, Removing the Universal Unit the Unit the and that with the Unit, Sources" or specifications, Unit" the Unit Follow these to the optional Unit.
Turn the off and the and interface the three the option to from B. Then back the the option cover to to the from the to shock.
the Unit as shown below. that the the and the the the with the screws provided. the interface and cord, then the To that the option correctly,
with the Unit" information about Removing the Unit Follow these to the optional Unit. Turn the off and the and interface the screws the of the Unit. Press the to the then the from the
the option cover and option cover. the interface and cord, then the Memory Memory (DIMM), increase memory to MB MB optional MB). You to memory graphics. memory Follow these to optional memory Warning: when the as and memory to electricity touching grounded of static-sensitive
Turn the off and the and interface the cover the right the screw the back of the and the backward.
the screws using screwdriver. Then the the top of the shield cover and the cover. the RAM RAM
the memory the the memory that the (white) force the memory the to the memory facing the You should from the board. the
the shield cover with screws as shown below. the right cover to the as shown below. Then, the screw the back of the Warning: Tighten the screw to the right cover from the off when the
the interface and and the To that the option correctly, Removing memory the memory from its the and the memory as shown below. If the optional memory to temporarily the other memory from to reach the optional memory to the to the other memory
Interface Card with interface optional interface to interface interface Follow these to optional interface the interface to electricity touching grounded of Turn the off and the and interface
the screws and the interface cover as shown below. Warning: Removing screws and covers that the following instructions high areas. the cover You to the interface
and the interface the firmly, then the screw as shown below. the interface and and the To that the option correctly,
interface interface to electricity touching grounded of the
Products the following the LCD or the of EPSON the products. You to appears, EPSON recommends early to and the of The amount of toner the The reached the of its Worn service life. To clear these Clear the the the to the following If to the without products and reaches the of its service life, the and displays the following the LCD or the of EPSON The empty. Products
Cartridge the following when them smooth the If from cool to least hour to from the protective and to light than necessary. Overexposing the abnormally or light to appear the and reduce the of the Products
Warning: the the toner from If toner or clothes, off with and immediately. Follow these to Cover slowly. Products the products of the reach of of the products fire, as they and of them to
the of the and from the the of its and gently the as shown below. Products
the the and the protective as shown below. the the Products the with the arrow the top of the facing A.
clicks Unit the following when the products. the of the Doing users: If EPSON the information about the amount of toner the updated. that the Information the Info to the information. You the Info clicking the Info the Optional Products
Warning: The the Turn the off and the the the Follow the below to the Turn off the and the and the interface Products of the products fire, as and injury. of to the products of the reach of Warning: If the least the cools
cover B. the of the Products
the slowly. the Products
that the of the B. the interface and cord, and then the Products
the Ready light the to the Press the or appears the and then the Press the to Counter and then the Products
Chapter Cleaning and the Cleaning the The cleaning. If the or turn off the and clean with clean cloth with or thinner to the cover; these chemicals the and the to the or Cleaning the If the frequently, the with cloth. Follow the below. Cleaning and Transporting the
Turn the off and slowly. the of the and Cleaning and Transporting the the clean,
the their slightly outwards while them off the With cloth, the Cleaning and Transporting the
the as shown below. Then, the the of the to them. the Cleaning and the the of the the of the
Cover clicks Transporting the If to the and Follow these to Turn off the the following items: options. information the section the protective the then the its to the following when to the Interface Loaded Cleaning and Transporting the
If the its own, people should and the the Follow these to the Turn off the and the following items: to the the as shown below. the the together with optional Follow these to the together with the optional Universal Unit: Turn off the and the following items. Cleaning and Transporting the Interface
the together with the optional the or the relocating the choose location that easy and the following as the amount of around the to smooth operation. shown the below To and of the following the indicated amount of Interface Cleaning and the
to the following when to the the where easily the cord. the and from of interference, such as or the of telephones. that switches or timers. of information and memory. around the to allow Cleaning and Transporting the The Universal Unit to the of the optional the beneath the The Unit to the back of the locations that to sunlight, heat, or outlets that other grounded outlet that matches the outlet that the this
Chapter Troubleshooting Clearing If becomes the the LCD and EPSON Precautions clearing to the following when clear force. Torn to and might other to tearing. to with both to tearing If torn and the or this section, that the type that the as the the Warning: specifically instructed this to the which CAUTION HOT SURFACE and CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, to allow the heat to Troubleshooting
(Cover A) the location shown the below, the appears the LCD Follow these to clear from A. A. Troubleshooting
the of the and the the to the clean, the of the Touching other Troubleshooting
sheets that the the Troubleshooting the with the arrow the top of the facing A.
clicks or B) the location shown the below, the appears the LCD Follow these to clear from or B. Warning: specifically instructed this to the which CAUTION HOT SURFACE and CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE or the surrounding areas. If the the and the surrounding If of these areas, to allow the heat to Troubleshooting
A. the of the and If there with both to tear the Troubleshooting the clean,
B. easily, the to off the then straight the optional Unit the Units cover B. Troubleshooting
the the which attached as shown below. If there gently. to tear the Troubleshooting Warning: to the the they
the and B. the If the Unit, the Units cover closing B. Troubleshooting
clicks DM DM) the location shown the below, the DM appears the LCD Follow these to clear the Units cover. Troubleshooting the with the arrow the top of the facing A.
Press the to the Then the cover of the Unit. Gently the the cover. to tear the the Units cover. If torn, to torn this or and the as or B)" Troubleshooting
the cleared completely and DM closed, the reprinted. MP A, C1 A, C2 A, C3 and A) the location shown the below, the MP C1 C2 or C3 appears the LCD MP (C1) (C2) (C3) Follow these to clear Troubleshooting the cleared the the Unit from the and the the the of the rear.
the from the the cover and Then, the cover. Gently the with both to tear the Troubleshooting
the and then Troubleshooting Confirm that the the and closing A, the cleared.
To the of the and that the options correctly, using the or the To sheet from the To from the The Ready light What to The properly the The outlet switch or The (Ready light off) What to Press the once to switch The offline. the to ready Turn off the the the and the then the back that the switch turned or another the to whether the outlet operating properly. Troubleshooting
occurred. the LCD to appears. The Ready light nothing What to properly the the connected to the The interface both of the interface securely. the and the If the interface, to the the You the If the interface, interface that the double-shielded, twisted-pair interface than length. The correctly that the the correctly the software that the selected properly software. memory too to the of The optional What to Troubleshooting If the USB interface, Revision reducing the of the software, or memory
EPSON You to EPSON or manually the EPSON or Optional The appear or too to Only) What to Bidirectional that the and connected with the Select the bidirectional the of the XP, or or the or Then the information the Info The amount of toner users only) What to The information the too Press the Information the Info You the information about the the Info Troubleshooting
Printout The What to You the specified The selected that the information. Printout What to The interface that both of the interface securely. securely. You the If the interface, interface that the double-shielded, twisted-pair interface than length. The the Specify the the correct. If correctly, or service representative. Troubleshooting the choose the as the If using the USB interface, Revision
The What to The and incorrectly The the incorrect. the the MP which the incorrect. specified with specify the the MP the the Graphics correctly What to The that incorrect. the the LJ4 that to You memory. Graphics amounts of memory. memory "Memory Quality The background or What to that the and Troubleshooting
You using the If the of too rough, type of characters appear or EPSON or smooth, high-quality recommended types" information choosing The the Turn off the Clean three with character White appear the What to The the Turn off the Clean dusty. three with character or tone What to or or There toner the If the the LCD or EPSON that the amount of toner The too Increase the the the Troubleshooting You the toner with the following the the
Half-tone What to or or to that unwrapped. There toner the If the the LCD or EPSON that the amount of toner The too On the the when graphics. the Advanced and the More Then the What to or or You the EPSON or smooth, type of high-quality types" information choosing The the Turn off the Clean three with character You the toner with the following the the Troubleshooting
the What to or This to the The higher the the the the or You the If the of too rough, type of printed characters appear or EPSON or smooth, high-quality recommended types" information choosing Completely What to The the and than to the then the There toner the If the the LCD or EPSON that the amount of toner The with or If ejected, the with the Turn off the and The the incorrect. the the Troubleshooting You the toner with the following the the
MP which the incorrect. specified with specify the the MP the the The that the pulled of the completely. The MP cover attached the MP cover. Next, correctly. the and that there the then the The light or What to or or The Turn off the the or the To the the the Advanced the and the More the the More There toner the If the the LCD or EPSON that the amount of toner The too Increase the the the You the toner with the following the the Troubleshooting
The of the What to the Clean feed path. three with character Memory What to The the of memory, and the lowers the that the memory What to The memory memory or temporarily the memory to What to Troubleshooting to the If memory or temporarily the
The of printed. memory to the of or memory. information memory, "Memory properly What to The that the the correctly. the The that selected the correct. There the the selected The of from that the the the Source and MP Too that to the too of the each "MP If feed from the optional Universal Unit, the properly. instructions the Universal Unit" Troubleshooting
To options correctly, The AUX /IF Card appears the LCD What to The the Turn off the then the optional interface the interface of from the optional What to The optional "550-Sheet properly. Unit" instructions optional The selected the correct. There the Too sheets that to the with too of the capacity each "MP and Universal Unit" The correctly. that the selected the the Troubleshooting
when the optional What to The the "Clearing optional to clear option What to The option You to manually the the Optional Correcting USB If with USB below, and recommended USB USB or the of USB or both of these should the directly to the USB If USB that the to the first-tier Troubleshooting
operating with XP, or that with and to or that with or and to XP. You to or the USB that these specifications or that with built-in USB about software Incorrect or software to USB of the following and the recommended to installation. Checking software XP, or XP, or follow the the with the to the software. Microsofts Universal instead. To the follow the below. the then right-click the of Click Preferences the shortcut that appears, then right-click anywhere the Troubleshooting
the Not appears the process, If to the software XP or the Software appears the process, If STOP Installation, to the software Checking software or If the plug-and-play or the the USB or the software incorrectly installed. Follow the below to that the and software correctly. The shown this section from slightly. If About the shortcut that appears, If with the appears, the software as the If About displayed, the software correctly. Troubleshooting
Access the "Accessing the then the Troubleshooting
Right-click the then Properties. Click the If EPUSBX: displayed the to the following then the USB and software correctly. If the displayed, to the Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting If correctly EPSON USB Devices should appear the
If EPSON USB Devices appear the the Other to the If USB or appears Other the software correctly. Proceed to If neither USB appears Other Refresh or the USB from the then the Once that these items appear, to Troubleshooting
Other USB or then OK Troubleshooting the following appears, OK then OK to the
Uninstall the software as "Uninstalling the Software" Turn the off, then the software as the and You the and the LCD information, and Canceling You from using the or from the To from "Canceling the and to instructions, "Canceling the The this section those that when with the instructions to the Troubleshooting
The correctly the What to The The to the incorrect. that the the and the However, there where the the this manually to PS3 The the interface that incorrect. The What to The to selected the OS X). The as selected the Option the OS only). incorrect that the selected. that to selected. Troubleshooting the through the SelecType the The individually each interface which the the interface to PS3 the through the SelecType Emulation the Clear the to the Clear the as the Option the
OS users The Downloadable the option the selected. The the to other than or PS3 the interface that The or that to appear the OS OS or Chooser OS What to GX OS This GX. GX. The the then the The the OS incorrect. OS or Chooser OS then the that the connected to. The the from that the What to Clear the Downloadable Fonts the to or PS3 Troubleshooting
The The the that the that other the The to to the Table the of the turned the the The correctly specified the of the XP or The What to The the to PS3 the interface that The of and/or smooth What to The Quality to the Quality to Quality. The Increase the memory. memory. Troubleshooting If the to to the the of the turned the they printed. Specify the using the Font Specify the using the Font the to PS3 the interface that then the
The normally the interface only) What to The connected to the the interface and the to the ECP The normally the USB interface What to The Format the to ASCII or TBCP. The Format the to ASCII. The normally the interface What to that the correct. The when connected to the the USB interface. that the Format which clicking Advanced the of the to ASCII or TBCP. If XP, the the Properties, then the and ASCII or TBCP. The when connected to the the USB interface. that the Format which clicking from the to ASCII. Troubleshooting
The Format from the specified the OS X) The something other than and the Format to ASCII users On selected the users The connected to the and the CTRL+D or CTRL+D Each the of the to users The too only using the interface. Troubleshooting If the created that allows to the or encoding, such as Photoshop, that the the matches that the If the something other than that the Format to ASCII or or to ASCII active and ON selected, the normally. to clear the On the of the that both the CTRL+D and CTRL+D Each to Click Advanced the of the then the Format from ASCII to the to On TBCP the "PS3 Click Advanced the of the Properties, then the Format from ASCII to the to On TBCP the "PS3
only) What to The of the OS that This using unsupported. OS or and OS or memory to only) What to The memory the to of the following to free memory the RAM cache the Memory OS that Increase the memory the that from OS Turn off background Troubleshooting
the PCL6 The this section those that when the PCL6 instructions, to the PCL6 The What to The to Clear the to the selected the The the from that the What to The EPSON Font The EPSON Font the that the that other the The of and/or smooth What to The to Access the the Graphics then as the The Increase the memory. memory. The to Access the the Graphics then On from the Troubleshooting
Where To Technical to and the section of EPSON the and other downloadables. Technical with that the troubleshooting information If and to the the Contacting Customer Contacting If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services Warranty information to EPSON Customer They to them the following information: Product (The the back of the Where To
Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with To
Technical Specifications Since the of or type of the the of type of of purchasing or Technical Specifications
type to and The should covered completely, with Thick to to thick black-and-white or Colored Non-coated with and of with only and reduce or and other using thick the the to Thick. that should You the following this It and other black-and-white black-and-white or Technical Specifications
Previously black-and-white black-and-white or thermal thermal-sensitive or that high-temperature-sensitive (around 210C) that easily or that cover the completely Coated or that or perforated that or that attracts electricity or of thickness Overly thick or thin that too smooth or too rough that the front and back that curled, or torn of or that right corners Printable Technical Specifications
The the there Technical Specifications
beam and electrophotographic RIT Quality: or (with feed: or feed feed supply: MP to sheets of to to sheets of to sheets of to sheets of and capacity: to sheets of (LJ4 and RAM: MB, to MB ESC/P (ESC/P ESC/P (FX IBM (I239X Technical Specifications
or other to 35C to 95F) Humidity: to RH Mechanical (about the and options Technical Specifications Not to 40C to 104F) Not to RH
Completely suspended. with the and U.S. V-240 Rated Rated than to UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC Class CSA C108.8 Class Directive 73/23/EEC EMC Directive 89/336/EEC MAX EN EN Class EN EN EN Technical Specifications
This as Class the U.S. of Health and Services (DHHS) Radiation Performance to the Radiation Health and of This that the radiation. Since the completely within protective housings and covers, the from the phase of operation. Interfaces interface the IEEE 1284-I interface ECP USB interface USB Only with USB and XP, or the USB interface. Ethernet interface You IEEE 100BASE-TX/10 BASE-T straight-through shielded, twisted-pair interface with RJ45 Technical Specifications
and Products Universal Unit Product C12C802002 A5, A4, A3, B5, B4, (LT), (LGL) to to feed: capacity to sheets of types: supply: V/0.1 A, V/1.2 the JDA-3 and Height: Width: Depth: including Technical Specifications
Unit Product C12C813982 A5, A4, A3, B5, B4, (LT), (LGL), (HLT), (EXE), Government (GLG), (B) to to feed: types: thick supply: V/0.1 A, V/0.6 the JDA-4 and Width: Depth: This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. Memory that the DIMM purchase with EPSON products. the where purchased this or the EPSON Memory MB, MB, or MB Technical Specifications
This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. Product to 35C to 95F) humidity: to RH Product to 40C to 104F) humidity: to RH Technical Specifications
C Information about Working with Fonts EPSON Only) EPSON Fonts easily and of Normally, creation laborious to such as Stop and OCR-B, to the characters themselves. EPSON Fonts to such automatically, allowing to easily that to of EPSON Fonts the following of EPSON OCR-B EAN EPSON Creates EAN EAN-8 UPC-A EPSON Creates UPC-A UPC-A UPC-E EPSON Creates UPC-E UPC-E Information about EPSON Creates EAN EAN-13
EPSON of OCR-B and specified with the EPSON CD EPSON CD EPSON EPSON Creates Interleaved EPSON ITF of of (ITF) OCR-B and specified with the EPSON ITF CD EPSON ITF CD EPSON ITF EPSON of OCR-B and specified with the EPSON CD EPSON CD EPSON Information about C C C C C C C C C C C C
EAN128 EPSON Creates EAN128 EAN128 To EPSON should the following Computer: IBM PC or IBM with or higher CPU Microsoft XP, or to KB the EPSON with EPSON Fonts Follow the below to EPSON The the other operating nearly the that the off and that the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM Information about Fonts If the section appears, country. Supported OS:
Click Installation. Click Custom If the EPSON appear automatically, the right-click the CD-ROM and OPEN the that appears. Then Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
Click EPSON Font the software appears, the and then Then follow the instructions. installation OK EPSON Fonts Information about
with EPSON Follow the below to and EPSON The featured these instructions Microsoft WordPad. The slightly when from other applications. and the characters to Select the characters, then Font from the Format Information about C C C C C C C C C C C C
Select the EPSON Font to the then OK The characters selected appear as characters to those shown below. Information about Fonts XP, or than when
Select from the EPSON then the following Black-and-White the Black-and-White section the below. Information about C C C C C C C C C C C C
These when the selected the the Advanced selected, the More and the or Quality to Click OK to the Information about Black-and -white Black Black Quality Text Text Text Text Not selected selected selected selected Not Not Not Not selected selected selected selected Graphic the through the Optional High Quality the through the Optional High Quality Based Black-and -white Based
Notes and formatting Please the following when and formatting characters: apply or character such as or and white only. rotating characters, specify of and Turn off character and that or reduce the of characters only the or Turn off features spacing, To easily distinguish from other text to such as characters such as and when EPSON Font selected, the characters than originally input. If there the character such as the as it appears the Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
only the recommended Font specifications" the EPSON Font other with readers. the or the or of the with readers. and the Font specifications This section the character input specifications each EPSON EPSON EAN-8 EAN-8 of the EAN the automatically, characters input. Character type to of characters characters Font to to Recommended and The following and input hand: Left/Right Left/Right Information about Fonts
OCR-B EPSON EAN-13 EAN-13 the EAN the automatically, characters input. The following and input hand: Left/Right Left/Right EPSON EAN-8 Character type to of characters characters Font to to Recommended and Information about C C C C C C C C C C C C
OCR-B EPSON EAN-13 EPSON UPC-A UPC-A the specified the American Product (UPC Specification UPC supported. Supplementary supported. Character type to of characters characters Font to to Recommended and The following and input hand: Left/Right Left/Right Information about
OCR-B EPSON UPC-E UPC-E the UPC-A specified the American Product (UPC Specification The following and input hand: Left/Right Left/Right EPSON UPC-A Character type to of characters characters Font to to Recommended and Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
OCR-B The EPSON UPC-E EPSON allowing to and the insertion of and OCR-B. The height of the to or of its length, to the this reason, to least the and the surrounding text to should input as or the with or other than Font and input the If input while selected, the correct. Information about
The following and input hand: Left/Right character Character type characters (A to Z, to of characters Font OCR-B used: or to Recommended and EPSON EPSON CD EPSON EPSON CD OCR-B used: or to Recommended and Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
EPSON A, B, and C. the of of characters the of the The height of the to or of its length, to the this reason, to least the and the surrounding text to the the of or containing correctly from that from the of or or the with or other than Font and input the If input while selected, the correct. Character type ASCII characters of characters Font to to Recommended and The following and input hand: Left/Right character Information about Fonts
character EPSON ITF The EPSON ITF to the USS Interleaved 2-of-5 (American). EPSON ITF allowing to and the insertion of and OCR-B. The height of the to or of its length, to the Interleaved 2-of-5 this reason, to least the and the surrounding text to Interleaved of characters as there of characters, EPSON ITF to the of the character EPSON Character type to of characters Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
Font OCR-B used: or to Recommended and The following and input hand: Left/Right character The to the of character as EPSON ITF EPSON ITF CD EPSON ITF EPSON ITF CD Information about Fonts OCR-B used: or to Recommended and
EPSON allowing to and the insertion of and OCR-B. The height of the to or of its length, to the this reason, to least the and the surrounding text to or character input, the character. If neither character input, these characters input as the A. Character type to of characters Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
Font OCR-B used: or to Recommended and EPSON EPSON CD EPSON EPSON CD Information about Fonts The following and input hand: Left/Right character (when input) OCR-B used: or to Recommended and
EPSON EAN128 EAN128 A, B, and C. the of of characters the of the The following of the as the Application (AI). The height of the to or of its length, to the this reason, to least the and the surrounding text to the the of or containing correctly from that from the of or or the with or other than Font and input the If input while EAN128 selected, the correct. item Batch Character type characters (A to Z, to Parenthesis only of the Application (AI) the the input. Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
of characters It with the Application (AI). Font or EPSON EAN128 Information about Fonts The following and input hand: Left/Right character FNC1 character It from and of the character characters and characters and characters and of characters characters and of Recommended
The following the that The of the appear softwares using the with the If using of these The with the shown below, to the LJ4 Font Family HP Italic, ITC ITC CG Bold, Italic, CG CG Italic, CG Univers Italic, Univers Italic, Olive Olive Information about Univers Univers C C C C C C C C C C C C
Italic, New Italic, New Helvetica Helvetica Narrow Italic, ITC ITC Light, Light ITC Italic, New Century Italic, New Century Schoolbook Schoolbook Italic, ITC Chancery ITC Chancery Gothic Gothic Information about Helvetica Helvetica Narrow ITC Gothic
selecting software, choose the the HP the or the or of the OCR A, OCR B, and EAN/UPC and the ESC/P and FX OCR OCR EAN/UPC Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
Font Family EPSON EPSON EPSON Gothic New EPSON OCR OCR only ESC/P2 the or the or of the OCR and OCR and the I239X Font Family EPSON EPSON Gothic EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON OCR Information about Fonts
the density, or the or of the the OCR and the PS The Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Italic, Italic, and PCL6 the PCL6 Font Font Gothic Gothic Gothic CG Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
CG CG CG CG CG CG CG Univers Univers Univers Univers Univers Univers Univers Univers Olive Olive Olive Information about Fonts
New New New New Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow ITC Gothic ITC Gothic ITC Gothic ITC ITC Light ITC ITC Light Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
ITC New Century Schoolbook New Century Schoolbook New Century Schoolbook New Century Schoolbook ITC Chancery ITC Font Font You of the each the Information Follow these to that loaded. the LCD displays Ready or then the Information about Fonts
Press the to the the to the selected Press the You of to include this instructions Selecting software instructions. If text to the directly from DOS or using software that include selection, the when the LJ4, ESC/P FX, or I239X Downloading that downloaded, or to the they printed. Downloaded memory off the or otherwise If downloading memory. Information about C C C C C C C C C C C C
easy to their The the option of the whenever or only when to EPSON Font Only) EPSON Font with software To EPSON Font should the following Computer: IBM PC or IBM with or higher CPU Microsoft XP, or or higher At least MB of free EPSON Font Follow the below to EPSON Font that the off and that the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM Information about Fonts If the selection appears, country.
Click Installation. Click Custom If the EPSON appear automatically, the right-click the CD-ROM OPEN the that appears, then Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
Click EPSON Font Then follow the on-screen instructions. EPSON Font Introduction to of of these the international characters to each Information about
Since software and automatically, to the writing or using software that to the following sections which to should which to with the which and which choose. the LJ4 The following LJ4 typefaces Typefaces CG Universe Gothic IBM-US (10U) (8U) ECM94-1 (0N) ISO (2N) ISO (5N) 8859-10ISO (6N) IBM-DN (11U) (12U) (1U) 8859-15ISO (9N) Information about C C C C C C C C C C C C
Typefaces CG Universe Gothic Typefaces CG Universe Gothic CG Universe Gothic CG Universe Gothic Information about (26U) (9J) (19L) (7J) (10J) (9U) McText (12J) MsPublishi (6J) (15U) (6M) VeInternational (13J) (14J) (17U) (9T) (19U) (9E) (5T) UK (1E) (0S) (0I) Spanish (2S) (1G) (0D) (1F) (4U) (13U) PsMath (5M) Math-8 (8M) ANSI ASCII (0U) (3R) (14R) (9R) (12G) (10G) (9G) (12N) (8G) (10N)
The typefaces to those below: (0E) Gothic (19M) (579L) (14L) OCR OCR (0O) OCR OCR (1O) OCR (3Q) (0Y) EAN/UPC EAN/UPC (8Y) (0H) ISO (7H) (8H) PC-862, (15H) (8V) HPWARA (9V) PC-864, (10V) Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
CG Univers Olive New Helvetica Helvetica NarrowPalatino ITC Gothic ITC New Century Schoolbook ITC Chancery Information about
the ESC/P or FX Character typefaces PcCanFrench ISO OCR EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Information about Fonts Gothic New C C C C C C C C C C C C
8859-15ISO ISO* ISO* PcHe862* Information about
ISO ESC/P2 New type with Gothic type with type with International character You of the following international character using the ESC command: Character USA, Germany, UK, Italy, Spain2, Norway, America, ESC/P only Information about C C C C C C C C C C C C
Characters with the ESC command To the characters the below, the ESC command. the I239X The the I239X PcCanFrench, PcNordic. the ESC/P or FX The EPSON EPSON EPSON Gothic, EPSON EPSON and EPSON the PCL6 Attribute Font Information about
ISO Danish/Norw ISO ISO ISO Swedish ISO ASCII ISO United ISO ISO ISO ISO Spanish Math ISO Microsoft Publishing ISO Math-8 Information about Fonts C C C C C C C C C C C C
ISO PC-8 PS Text PC-8, PC-8, D/N, Danish/Norw MC Text PC-850, Font PC852, PC-755 Information about