rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information contained Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P of Corporation. and Dutch of Bitstream Inc. CG and CG of Inc. Univers of Linotype AG and/or its Olive of Olive. and New and of Monotype Corporation of (UK) Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. Printed with least
FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS This tested and found to with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to and reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the FOR CANADIAN USERS This the Class from as the interference of the of
optional LocalTalk/ interface cover top optional interface cover switch AC C interface interface front cover
Introduction EPSON EPL-N1200 that and to clean output to The built-in interface including professional graphics and effects. offers of interface options that allow to to four or interfaces the from the to or four other to flexibility. The C interface the to ECP Microsoft Easy-to-use software or NT or MS-DOS easy to when the from location the right the You of optional to its operation, such as memory, and and interfaces. Introduction
includes the the software, the that match the installed, that the matches the You from the Font of software the as the other the of the from the of the that though the appearance the The following the and the Font Scalable Italic, Dutch Italic, Helvetica Bold, Helvetica Narrow Narrow Italic, Calligraphic ITC ITC Light Light, Light Italic, New Century Italic, Century Schoolbook Schoolbook ITC Chancery ITC Introduction
LJ4 or GL2 Fonts The EPL-N1200 includes of that the LJ4 or GL2 as below. these choose the the HP Scalable HP Dutch SWC Italic, CG CG SWC Italic, Ribbon SWC SWC SWC Italic, Italic, Incised SWC Black Olive Italic, SWC SWC SWC SWM Dutch SWM Italic, New SWA More SWM SWC Italic, Gothic SWC Gothic Univers Introduction
information about the other the Technical Information to instructions connecting to and software, the This the information to and with the or the If using advanced of or from DOS or from location the information the Technical Information to the right or other and With the to the and selecting Chapter the to the to operations. Chapter about the options such as interfaces and and to them. Chapter instructions the and cleaning and the Chapter Troubleshooting, or operation Introduction
and Notes Where to Specifications, technical the EPL-N1200 Index included the of the this information throughout to to to Notes information and useful the of EPSON and service through of authorized EPSON Customer the location or the following services: Fax-on-Demand to technical information and products The location of Authorized EPSON or Customer Technical information the and of EPSON products Customer Introduction
to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON Sound You purchase and EPSON products from EPSON (U.S. only). If software with EPSON the that technical information. Services You helpful specifications, and EPSON hours using and of the services below. World From the reach www.epson.com EPSON FTP If FTP and from FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service BBS software to and parity. to Introduction
EPSON Fax-on-Demand service EPSON CompuServe You technical information or and selecting the phone option. You to Fax-on-Demand. of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach CompuServes America of EPSON free introductory CompuServe membership, which to introductory credit and own ID and To of this offer the U.S. and and EPSON that this the efficiency. The EPA that computers, and other peripheral would annually and would reduced tons. to If isnt off when using Introduction
Turn off and each when them. the option software catch something. If to rather than Not this and the to when while; Chapter Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively. Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating the outlet where easily the cord. to the or cover the the or through the only the type of indicated the Introduction fiche
Information to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. This as Class the U.S. of Health and Services (DHHS) Radiation Performance to the Radiation Health and of This that the radiation. Since the completely within protective housings and covers, the beam from the phase of user operation. Introduction
CDRH regulations The Devices and Health (CDRH) of the U.S. Food and Administration implemented regulations products products the United States. The shown below with the CDRH regulations and attached to products the United States. Class as IEC specifications. The shown below attached countries where Introduction Warning: of or or performance of other than those specified this
This Class Assembly that invisible The head NOT FIELD SERVICE ITEM. Therefore, the head should Radiation Wave Length: as by-product of the process; The recommended as time-weighted hour The EPL-N1200 hours of closed of approximately To the of to should the following of of together with of the The should located that the and heat directly the and directly of the building whenever Introduction
This technology. The following of whenever the cover. with other of to follow these to operation. to the which CAUTION HOT SURFACE. If the the touching the the instructed to this force the rough the the from the clean, smooth Also, to scratch the of the and touching from permanently its and the or its to or the Introduction CAUTION HOT SURFACE
Protect the light-sensitive from to light than necessary. Overexposing the abnormally or light to appear the and reduce the service of the Also, the protective cover. to the toner and with least hour from to touching the front of the otherwise, To the the to sunlight, or (such as locations to high or humidity, or or humidity. Also, to the of the reach of Introduction
Chapter Choosing or Other Loading the or Two-sided Loading Optional
Choosing or Other You of or other with EPL-N1200: to Card to Transparency You of the within this the smooth, high-quality to from its and the following to select, and these the built-in If the to the thickness of the the the Chapter Select specifically or the to and completely the they off. To of top of the and Width: and inches to and inches to
Loading the Choose or and them the built-in Colored selecting the clear or coating these instructions to the If optional follow the to the the front cover. the to below the of to sheets) and then the to them the If necessary, the the straight without
the front cover. If than inches the and back the the or If to or of manually. Follow these From choose or the Source or the the to If the choose the the Click OK the front cover and the built-in
the first the with the this the to the loaded, necessary. Select the to the the displays and the selected. The lights flash. Press the On to the the of and On to the each finished manually of then the Source the back to top of
Two-sided You two-sided to and professional, bound The EPL-N1200 easy Duplexing option the If using the the to two-sided Select the and them back the with the and the top of the leading the Then Follow these to two-sided From the Chapter instructions). Click the Select Top or the Duplexing whether to the top or the Click OK to and the Select the to the The other first). finished the to the the
the and them back the with the and the top of the leading the Click OK the Then the the the back. finished two-sided the and the Duplexing back to If to that from those the Then from the Format and it to whenever Follow these to with the EPL-N1200 the From the Chapter instructions.) Click the Highlight option the and to the type the Unit inch, or another as
the and Height boxes, the of The Click OK to and the Select the to finished with the and of the options Loading Optional If or optional (as Chapter follow the this section to to of the the of the Width: and inches to and inches to
Press the of and then the to them the with the the the Press the they beneath four
the back the
With the Accessing the From Applications From From or NT the the EPL-N1200 Checking the Table of and the NT the NT the EPL-N1200 NT With the
instructions the software or the Card. instructions the NT software, Then follow the instructions this chapter to and the You of the following: The the The EPL-N1200 the LJ4 Follow the instructions below to Instructions the instructions using the EPL-N1200 Accessing the You the to or From or option From the or the or NT The the which and the affect. Follow these If to (or with only), the from the The to their With the
From Applications From If to the and the directly from or or NT). This the The the which of The the of Follow the below to software: the Select or Then or another option as software instructions). You the options. If the normally to the If information the or Click to Click With the
Right-click the EPSON EPL-N1200 or EPSON EPL-N1200 Click Click the Click the You the options. From or NT Double-click the the group. Double-click Click EPSON EPL-N1200 or EPSON EPL-N1200 the Click the You the options. the of the options the EPL-N1200 The these those If information, the or Click the to EPL-N1200 as shown the following With the
To features or options first the option to Then the arrow to to the of With the
The the below. the amount of memory memory the Increase the memory to features Light On Protect On Protect Allows to increase the amount of memory allocated protection. If the from (the to the On With the the RIT to ON of the to Protect memory-intensive Protect reallocates memory from to to to without memory the amount of toner If to ON to around toner
the EPL-N1200 Light options which options Chapter information). VM option PS2 2.0MB RAM 3.0MB 5.0MB 9.0MB 17.0MB the of options to choose from. The includes four that each of as shown the following the to or as necessary. Choose higher VM memory and with or graphics. With the
To or the the top of the Click the buttons the of the to the following: OK finished, OK to and the (You of To If with the the Fonts Accesses the Font the Technical Information Accesses the and Softtray the Technical Information With the
Checking the The section the should or each The the and their The of should the below each to they correct. these the Graphics the inch; the inch, the the Format Indicates the the built-in the of or of the top; the top) You to the to the following: optional another To information while using the this: the the seconds; appears. Click the the of the then the that appears. With the
Table the the following when of the The type. of the options of options selected other these the EPL-N1200 Graphics With the Dithering the The options the the SelecType the halftone the following: Scanned or that Normal with dither Photographic or Graphics to EPSON GL/2 the SelecType
EPL-N1200 Format A4 A5 C5 Envelope C6 Envelope DL F4 Government Government International B5 JIS B5 Monarch US Source feed the which to appear; reads with the top or with the top (Landscape) With the the of the the currently selected Source below). You or to this and the the the that the to the built-in instructions (The options appear when optional and selected option the
EPL-N1200 to to the of to It to specify the AND Duplexing the options that appear the Format the with the options below) to or the and buttons to or from the You instructions Chapter options to to Height to inches to Unit (Inch With the OFF Top two-sided Chapter One-sided Two-sided of to bound the top Two-sided of to bound the the height, and to or options the
EPL-N1200 (continued) SelecType Graphics EPSON GL/2 High the of the Graphic the Light Light Lightest On the to the to (On) or the ON the OFF interface bidirectional allowing to appear If or OFF. With the the graphics the (This affects the options the these of art and business graphics memory without the Chapter the to or as necessary.
EPL-N1200 (continued) Time-out from to seconds ON the amount of toner OFF If to ON to around toner ON the to OFF power-saving (The about to exiting ON the to OFF to seconds recovering from or memory It to OFF to then the the to If from the and of With the the amount of the to terminating the time-out another
EPL-N1200 Memory MB Protect the to ON Protect memory-intensive It to the Protect memory from to to to without memory ON OFF Not Cartridge With the the amount of memory the Increase the memory to the to memory-intensive graphics. It to the because reduces graphic and when that reaches the memory the Source options the to include optional optional
EPL-N1200 Advanced Click this and option to or of the operating the this and then another the whether to to the Select the to and The SelecType them with the or (as Chapter when turn off Protect ON and memory the from memory, the of To the to their factory the right of the Then OK and You of and them with Then the type of to the such as or Follow these First the The the from to Click the and type the of such as With the
and the NT Click OK to that and the to with of the the then OK and If to permanently of the the and the (You the If NT, the the or the EPL-N1200 the LJ4 Once the them following the to The EPL-N1200 NT the options as the other The NT, however, offers of options such as thumbnail of and from The the following software: Effects With the
Fonts information about NT features, the the of the the NT NT three the and the Creating the the NT The NT and with applications, and turn and then NT loaded. Then follow these From choose from the (or then OK You to choose operating With the
the Select operating and OK You about the WIN.INI to WIN.BAK. Click OK to the WIN.BAK or type and OK. Follow the instructions the to The and to Click OK and the as below. Follow these the the and (or B). Double-click the SETUP.EXE that appears the the right. You about copying the C:\ESCRIPT. Click or type directory and Choose to the Release Notes. finished, the group. Click to and the From the the group, and then the Select EPSON EPL-N1200 (LT) and the With the
Click to the ready to the Creating the the Follow these Double-click Double-click the Choose from the the EPSON EPL-N1200 (LT) from the and OK finished, OK Choose to these the completed, the appears. the EPL-N1200 NT You the EPL-N1200 the LJ4 NT Once the following the to The EPL-N1200 NT the options as the other With the
and then NT loaded. Then follow these to the the NT EPL-N1200 the choose from the (or Then OK of Choose EPL-N1200 and OK The and when Click OK. With the
With the
Chapter the Reading the Lights the OneTouch OneTouch SelecType SelecType SelecType and C LT and AUX LJ4 PS ESCP2 and FX 1239X the
The EPL-N1200 consists of lights, and buttons. The and lights about the You the buttons to and of the functions using software. You however, to operations through the as this chapter. that software OneTouch OneTouch SelecType Reading the Lights The of lights, as shown the The lights the the choose of these the buttons the to choose which this chapter. the
the The three lights the of the the following information: Flashes when the or appears the to the Chapter information about the clear the the when the The light flashes when the the If the light the to the and clear the memory. On Indicates that the ready or If the light the On The of buttons. You the buttons the top to choose or SelecType as the following You the buttons the as below: SelecType Press this to choose OneTouch or ALT the SelecType Press the once to choose OneTouch Press to choose OneTouch Press the once to choose the SelecType the following sections information about these the
Press this to switch the back cleared You the to the back to the clears connected to to another Press this when the light flashing. The its memory. On Press this to switch the On and the Press the ALT and appears the This clears the memory. Press ALT and appears the This back the and interfaces. It the as turning the off and then back
OneTouch The OneTouch and easy to the There OneTouch each with four shown the top of the The the Follow these to OneTouch the turned and the On light To the SelecType the light to the Source To SelecType the light to the The four appear the the Press the beneath the to the appears the (To through the and the the To and the the On To and to the other OneTouch the SelecType then and On to the
OneTouch The below the options each shown type. options Source MP (built-in LC1 LC2 A4, A5, B5, LT HLT, LGL, GLT, GLG, EXE, F4, MON, C10, DL, C5, C6, IB5, CTM On feed or off the built-in instructions Selects the the Light to Selects the of to MP A4, A5, B5, LT HLT, LGL, GLT, GLG, EXE, F4, MON, C10, DL, C5, C6, IB5, On the amount of toner to On to approximately toner and specifications. the Selects the to from; from the containing that matches the below Selects the of the to the Chapter Selects the of the built-in
SelecType SelecType The SelecType of and options that shown the Although of the SelecType options through software, to the to functions the following: Checking the amount of toner the memory interface You SelecType To this, the Ready appears the and the On light then the commands to that SelecType If the from SelecType, software to they the
If to SelecType follow these the turned and the On light Press the the the You SelecType which the of the buttons as the below. Function Selects SelecType Item Selects item the of item the of item Used with Item, and to through selections On or SelecType SelecType Used with to the
SelecType Press the to the SelecType that includes the to Then the Item and as to the Press to the Press On or SelecType to SelecType the section the SelecType and The SelecType items, and appear the these each the Item and buttons. If to through the choices the and while these buttons. Not of the items or these appear when SelecType. appear only when optional or selected. These noted the shown type. There to the Select item and to the information. the such as of these information sheets. the
items item Prints SelecType information, and LJ4 Font of these ESCP2 Font FX Font 1239X Font PS Prints PS Font of PS Fact Prints that features. This allows to each interface The each items item LJ4 ESCP2 FX 1239X PS GL2 C L/T (LocalTalk) AUX (another optional interface) the
items of the SelecType software and the software You of them, using OneTouch as item Source Selects the from which to (from containing that matches the below) MP (built-in LC1 LC2 Selects the of the to produced: A4, A5, B5, LT HLT, LGL, GLT, GLG, EXE, F4, MON, C10, DL, C5, C6, IB5, CTM Selects the the or Selects the of to to or off the built-in Chapter instructions the to or and specifications. You the to the of the the built-in (MP or to the optional You OneTouch to the MP the
items item MP Selects the of the built-in A4, A5, B5, LT HLT, LGL, GLT, GLG, EXE, F4, MON, C10, DL, C5, C6, IB5, CTM LC1 the of the indicated as MP LC2 and specifications. The the operations. of the items the software and the SelecType Chapter items item the Chapter Light, the amount of toner If to On (to around toner lighter the to or as necessary: Top to the of the or with each to the of the or Right with each to to (On) or to On, the the of the and the
items item the to to seconds recovering from or memory It to to then the the to If from the and of Protect the to Protect memory-intensive It to the Protect reallocates memory from to to to without memory the to memory-intensive graphics. It to the reduces graphic and when that reaches the memory You these the Protect memory and the
The items allow to the to and or the toner counter. items item Interface whether the through interfaces or of these: B, C, L/T, AUX the amount of the to terminating the time-out searches another interface to seconds; (or off) to reduce the fixing heater when the about seconds when received; Selects the and the English Spanish, Swedish, Danish, Finnish, the amount of toner the as follows: E****F to E*** to E** to E* to instructions the Chapter Count Clear the toner counter; this item and the Chapter Count the of the to SelecType the SelecType to their factory the
and C and C items These interface options when the and/or C interfaces. item Selects the through the interface based the STROBE or ACKNLG (Normal) or bidirectional the interface the memory the interfaces: receiving or Normal only the The only when the optional LocalTalk/Serial or the Chapter and the to You to these to match the You these the Remote as the Technical Information To match the computers or higher than that the Technical Information (this with computers). the
items item Word Selects or Rate the the Parity or the Stop the of to the of each character to the the the to On or when the ready with the DTR item below DTR the DTR ready) or off with the item the memory the optional interface: Normal (balanced LT and AUX The LT appears when the LocalTalk/Serial Chapter and the to LT The AUX only when interface. Both that the memory the optional interface. You to memory allocated memory allocated or Normal Normal the the
LJ4 LJ4 items The LJ4 the and when the LJ4 You should the and using software, using SelecType, software SelecType item FontSource Selects the to SIMM, or Download Font the the selected through Pitch the pitch the and fixed-pitch, from to (characters inch) the the height the and from to Selects the to the the the Technical Information the the of to the selected and causing to the to the or SelecType the select; the Source Selects the optional ROM (from to Selects the optional ROM (from to If the selected the FontSource and Font the choose, the FontSource and Font to their These items when optional ROM the
PS The PS the You these using the software; item Indicates whether the If the option off the displayed the printed. Protect to increase the amount of memory protection. If the option off, when the enough memory to If the from to the ESCP2 and FX the ESCP2 or FX selected of these as SelecType or the Remote ESCP2 and FX items item Font Selects typeface; the the Technical Information the Pitch the pitch (characters inch) the selected or or or off pitch characters T.Margin the from the top of the to the of the first to inches; inch the Text the the of to -inch the the
ESCP2 and FX items item CG Table Selects the graphics or character to the the Technical Information the character Country Selects international USA the the Technical Information the international the to or then line-feed operation when the the right off the to or line-feed every off the the to to or Light or to to (reduces and graphics) Selects slashed () or unslashed to the character If the or T.Margin the Text to its the
1239X the 1239X selected 1239X as SelecType or the Remote 1239X items item Font Selects typeface; the the Technical Information the Pitch the pitch (characters inch) the selected or or the of the character to the the Technical Information the character T.Margin the from the top of the to the of the first to inches; inch the Text the the of to -inch the the to or then operation when the the right On the to or line-feed every carriage-return; On, Alt.Graphics the graphics option On or the the to to or Light Selects slashed () or unslashed to the character Character Selects the of the character to or the Technical Information the character If the or T.Margin the Text to its the
Chapter Optional Interfaces LocalTalk/Serial Interface Card Interface Memory
You the following optional to Optional interface and to to Macintosh, IBM to to increase (C81263* Optional memory to memory You purchase optional and EPSON products from EPSON (U.S. only). To these follow the the sections below and the that with the Optional Interfaces EPSON offers of optional interface and that to and other The following the interfaces, their numbers, and their (The the the which country.) or other type; the section information
Optional EPSON interfaces Interface LocalTalk/Serial C82334* to with RS-232C or LocalTalk to or to with optional 32KB C82307* to with interface RS-232C 32KB C82310* to interface with interface C82314* interface and interface to these IBM and interface C82315* interface and interface to these IBM AS-400, and Ethernet C82331* to Ethernet C82312* to interface or to with optional GPIB interface C82323* to GPIB EPSON interface of these IBM and and and and D01 and D02. If the LocalTalk/Serial follow the to the the EPSON
To of the other interface the instructions. If to type of interface, to the right of The below the specifications this this RS-232C to C836152 from DIN to D-SUB, RS-232C to C836151 from DIN to D-SUB, C836141 from DIN to D-SUB, (interface both RS-232C and to Interface instructions and to correctly with LocalTalk/Serial Follow these to the EPSON LocalTalk/Serial Turn off the and the from the Warning: To shock, the board the turned off and from the Direct with Direct with printer-to-interface
the four screws the board the back the to the and Warning: the the board; they from the cover from the
the and switch the LocalTalk/Serial the type of interface RS-232C or the as shown below; then its with CN4 the board. the with the screws that with both switches to the or the correctly.
the board its the of the and with the top and the Then the board. the with the four screws the to the through the
the then the To that the interface properly, and interface To this, the Ready appears the and the On light then the Interface Card Follow these to optional EPSON interface Turn off the and the from the the screws the interface cover; then the cover. Warning: To shock, the interface the turned off and from the
the optional interface its the of the back Then its top and with the the and the to the with the screws the interface to the to the interface the then the To that the interface properly, and interface To this, the Ready appears the and the On light then the
Interface with interface, match the the and You the the below) the interface or the LocalTalk/Serial or instructions. Optional interface type RS-232C Word Parity DTR XON/XOFF On You to to with as the You interface SelecType or the the Technical Information You match the and or to the to higher than that (this with the Technical Information information.
instructions or NT instructions Click to Click Right-click the EPL-N1200 (or EPL-N1200 Select Click the Click the arrow the and COM to Click OK to then Properties. the group, necessary. Double-click Double-click Click Select COM to Click OK to then the
optional increase from the built-in to (with or sheets (with Follow these to the instructions the Chapter Turn off the and the from the Disconnect interface from the each to the the front the as the ridged front of the If top of the other. the the recessed and then the the the with the the top the the and securely.
Memory the interface the switch the off then the Turn the the to the optional to Chapter instructions. If the Remote or SelecType to to the optional only when ready to Chapter or the Technical Information instructions. To of graphics-intensive and to memory capacity. board includes which memory to increase memory to 64MB. You or that these 1MB, 2MB, 4MB, 8MB, 16MB, or 32MB inches inches and inch thick.
Follow these to Turn off the and the from the Disconnect interface from the Follow and to the board from the the SIMM the board. You or both RAM the ROM the SIMM or with the the Warning: To shock, the board the turned off and from the ROM RAM
Then the SIMM and the top and clicks too Follow the to to the board the If to SIMM, back the each of the then the SIMM and To that the SIMM properly, and the memory amount To this, the Ready appears the and the On light then the
Chapter the Cartridge the Cleaning the Transporting the
the Cartridge to There to when to You the You the You that and the function SelecType that to toner capacity. If toner the the right To the toner SelecType, the and as Chapter If there the or of toner and the If there another reason Chapter to EPSON #S051016 the another Follow these to the the turned the top cover. the and straight of the of the with non-burnable Warning: the the it with the CAUTION HOT SURFACE.
the the to light than necessary. Unpack the and with the Then the as shown to the the the and the clear the of the
the as shown to the the with the the then the the top cover. Select Count Clear the SelecType to the toner counter. Chapter instructions.
the the of and graphics. of the it the to the Occasionally, however, to the such as the To whether to the the Follow the below: Turn the and the Ready the and the On light (If the On proceeding, turned off or the instructions the the You off the or the Remote Chapter or the Technical Information instructions.
Press the to the At the of the sheet the If the correct, the If incorrect, to and the Chapter instructions). Click the or SelecType If the the than the background, as the If the than the background, Light Click the OK button. the to to the the incorrect If using the the to the Chapter instructions.
from to the If the finished. If the further to Access the and or SelecType. the to or the too light) or Light or Lightest the too If the the to the Chapter instructions. Click the OK the to to the the from that text and graphics to the and the too The and chose off that the the toner the back to
Cleaning the If the dirty, off the and clean with cloth slightly with To the first the turned off and the Then follow these the top cover. the and cover with cloth to exposing to light while clean the or toner with cloth. or thinner to clean the they the the or to the Warning: the the with the CAUTION HOT SURFACE.
If there of with supply stores). the toner or other If toner clothing, with Clean the from to with cloth. the the top cover and the front cover. from the built-in Clean the with cloth. the and the front cover.
Transporting the If to or the first the and sealable If the off the Then the and their or the to the the to the toner the or clothing.
Chapter Troubleshooting Reading Fixing the Fixing Optional Quality Troubleshooting
The the of the as as and The section the alphabetical If and and the to You then and them to to the Reading This section alphabetical of and warning that appear the text shown text that to The the from the the to the of the (and the then the to clear the If turn the SelecType this appear. feeding the from the specified or its the the as Troubleshooting
AUX I/F Card I/F The off and the memory. Press to the and clear the Ready appears the The the optional interface Turn off the then the and as Chapter This that both the LocalTalk/Serial to LocalTalk) and the LocalTalk interface of the interfaces. The the optional LocalTalk/Serial Turn off the then the and as Chapter The the of memory. The reduces the automatically that to the If memory or to and Protect to OFF (temporarily). Chapters and instructions. feed the the indicated the built-in then On Troubleshooting
If to feed The the as instructed the Source using feed Chapter Overflow The memory the To the If the You clear the turning the off and back If Overflow to reduce the or of reduce the or of graphics, the or memory to the If memory and Overflow the Protect the Chapter (If the the the as Chapter You memory or instead of the path. the cover and clear the as The then reprinted. There the indicated of the indicated the and Troubleshooting
RAM ROM Ready The the indicated match the the with the and The to the to of Press to If this appears the Protect the or the and instructions. The cover to The the RAM; to finish. The the ROM; to finish. The ready to The interface and the cleared. However, other interfaces active and their and Troubleshooting
interfaces to the to You SelecType the activated of the following: SelecType or On (the activated the finished), or the ALT and the The its internal to finish. Service Service or occurred. the and off the least seconds and then back If the appears, off the the cord, and authorized EPSON Customer The its If the On light and The of toner. You should the Chapter instructions. Troubleshooting
Warming You the as Chapter You to The to finish. that easy users to the of the and the the of the Follow these to and and the turned off. the while the the the and the To off off the or and the ALT and buttons the appears the release the buttons. Troubleshooting
If feed or the following to them: higher-quality that too thin or rough. the of and then the to them the too to the that the freely. than the top of the turning the of the of the with arrow the of the that If optional the following: If selected to from the the Chapter the and properly Chapter the Troubleshooting
Fixing the If the and the or appears, follow these the front cover. the the built-in and sheets the the top and the Then the and the Warning: the the with the CAUTION HOT SURFACE. If toner as to clothing. If toner clothes, with Troubleshooting
the of of and the built-in the covers and the The reprinted. Fixing Optional If the and the or appears, follow these the from the the from the and or sheets. the of of and the the the Follow Fixing the Press the The reprinted. This section to as SelecType or the Remote to these instead of the Chapter or the Technical Information Troubleshooting
The turn the The and the On light off. The On light nothing Turn off the and the the and the then the back If the such as switch, the another the to whether the outlet operating properly. Press On once; the On light should properly to the both of the and interface the specifications and If the interface, the and related the and interface If interface, the SelecType to match the the Chapter that software properly The empty; necessary, as Chapter Troubleshooting
The selected software correctly. The selected the Introduction or the Technical Information information. If to or On to increase to the or the SelecType and The or as If the whether another the Technical Information that both of the interface securely. double-shielded, twisted-pair interface than B; than C. If using optional interface, the parity, of and of to match The that correct. Specify the with SelecType Chapter or the Remote the Information If the correctly, or authorized EPSON Customer The of the the incorrect. the and Troubleshooting
Graphics correctly. The completely SelecType function as expected. that software the the PS that graphics software PS If using interface, that the the SelecType Chapter Graphics amounts of memory, to memory Chapter enough toner checking the SelecType option the Chapter instructions. that the correctly. the the and If the sheet correctly, interface and software If to the with the Turn off the and authorized EPSON Customer Software SelecType software instead of SelecType whenever If software, SelecType the SelecType the Chapter You activated SelecType Press the and buttons the to the and the Troubleshooting
The Remote function as expected. Software Remote software instead of the whenever If software, Chapter Quality This section to with the of SelecType or the to these instead of the or the Technical Information The or background. the the Chapter If the the SelecType to the Clean the the with clean, cloth; Chapter instructions. To the internal three containing character If there with the the from to and then If this the the as Troubleshooting
The or white The or white or The of the The toner Clean the as Cleaning the Chapter If the and to the as Chapter the from to and or the of and to the or as Chapter the from to and the of with clean, cloth. Then the the Chapter instructions. cleaning the internal three with character If the the as Chapter Troubleshooting
The of the or the of and to the or You using the type of Smooth, high-quality recommended and information choosing The light or the the If the the SelecType to the or the of and to the or Turn off using the Chapter You turn off the the from to and then If the the as Chapter The too the the If the the SelecType to the Troubleshooting
The back of the If the the as Chapter the feed path. the and then the of the using lint-free cloth as Troubleshooting
Specifications A-2 A-3 A-3 A-4 Mechanical A-4 A-4 Interfaces A-5 Interface A-5 C Interface A-6 ECP A-6 Interface A-7 A-10 Cartridge (S051016) A-10 Specifications A-1
Since the of or type of the EPSON the of type of of purchasing or types: head and only. reduce and other to to to to Card A4 A5 B5 inches) inches) inches) Government inches) Government inches) inches) F4 Custom Monarch inches) inches) DL C5 International B5 C6 A-2 Specifications that
from based the and electrophotographic to the and of First than seconds with A4- or Warm-up About seconds feed: or supply of capacity: PS HP LJ4 (LJ4) HP-GL/2 (GL2 LQ (ESC/P ESC/P (FX) IBM (I239X) PS LJ4 RAM: 2MB, to 64MB to the MP to sheets optional to optional to thickness Specifications A-3
Operation: to to C) to to C) Humidity: Operation: to RH to RH Mechanical and inches Width: inches Depth: including the Durability: years or sheets, whichever first to to Rated Rated than than with options A-4 Specifications
Interfaces Interface the below, the heading Direction to the of flow as from the The (IEEE 1284-I interface assignments shown the below. Direction IN IN DATA1 IN DATA2 IN DATA3 IN DATA4 IN DATA5 IN DATA6 IN DATA7 IN DATA8 OUT OUT OUT OUT Select IN NC GND CG OUT High GND IN OUT GND NC OUT +5V IN IEEE1284active Specifications A-5
C Interface The C (IEEE 1284-II interface assignments shown the below. Direction ECP OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT PE IN/OUT DATA1 IN/OUT DATA2 IN/OUT DATA3 IN/OUT DATA4 IN/OUT DATA5 IN/OUT DATA6 IN/OUT DATA7 IN/OUT DATA8 IN IN IN IEEE1284active IN IN High GND OUT Peripheral High ECP To the ECP with C (IEEE II the ECP The ECP with and NT. A-6 Specifications
Interface To the ECP follow these the ECP the BIOS that with of the and the Click the to and then Right-click the and the that appears. Select the Select the ECP [COM LPT], then the Select the the the (This Click OK to the The interface RS-232C or operation. The SelecType; Chapter Word length: or Parity: or Stop or ready (XON/XOFF to ON) second): RS-232C; conforms to EIA Connector: DIN Specifications A-7
the interface as RS-232C, the of rates (including the interface using the interface as the of rates (including the interface EPSON or the of of The interface DTR Ready) and XON/XOFF or the the input to bytes, the XOFF or the DTR to (MARK), indicating that Once the the recovers to bytes, the the XON or the DTR to high (SPACE), indicating that ready to or detected. assignments The interface assignments and interface the below. The heading Direction to the of flow as from the RS-232C Direction TXD OUT This from the to the RXD IN This from the to the CTS IN A-8 Specifications
RS-232C Direction TTY-TXD OUT This from the to the DTR OUT ready. This whether or the ready to If the ready selected, the ready to (this HIGH). If the selected, the when the HIGH and when the LOW. the DTR LOW, the within characters. This function or off with the of the TTY-RXD This from the to the TTY-RXD This from the to the TTY-RXD IN This from the to the Specifications A-9
(C81263 to to feed: capacity to sheets or the first seconds or sheets, types: such as and AC supply: DC the and inches inches inches Cartridge (S051016) to 95F to 35C) humidity: to RH Shelf life: months Life: to the following and ratio The of with the type of If or text the A-10 Specifications