with information and instructions to and the the to protective as the instructions contained this (this with information assembling the and Reference with information the troubleshooting, and technical specifications. with information both the and Reference with information clearing the and the included reference to the front of as to this with information and instructions the software that when the software). Where to Information
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information contained Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Fontware, and Dutch of Bitstream Inc. CG and CG of Inc. Univers of Linotype AG and/or its Olive of Olive. of Monotype Corporation of Industries (UK) and New of Monotype Corporation Dutch and of Bitstream Inc. Helvetica and of the Linotype AG and/or its ITC Gothic, ITC ITC Chancery and ITC of the International Typeface Corporation. Century SchoolBook of the Corporation. New Century Schoolbook of the Linotype AG and/or its HP and HP of Company. and of Incorporated, which Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, Representative: EPSON EUROPE B.V. Address: Prof. J. H. AT The that the Product: Product XJB-1 Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): November H. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. Declaration of Conformity According to ISO/IEC and EN Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC Directive 73/23/EEC: EN
Instructions Precautions This The following of whenever the cover. with other of to follow these to operation. the specified the the cover. If the these CAUTION Instructions
the specified the the This located the front cover, the Cartridge If the these the the instructed to this force the Although the to rough to scratch the of the the Cartridge from the the clean, smooth Also, touching the from permanently its and the or its Instructions
the Cartridge to light, and the protective cover as this the light of the or light to appear and reduce its functional life. the clean, smooth to or the It the toner and with Allow the Cartridge to reach Warning: of Cartridges fire, as they and of them to Instructions
To the quality, the Cartridge to sunlight, or (such as locations to high humidity, or or humidity. Also, to the of the reach of H05VV-F H05VVH2- GSGV, (A) ISO Instructions of these instructions operating Follow and instructions the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning and or cleaners. this the or and the and the back or or cover them. the or other or Instructions
to as specified its attached If the specifications of the outlet or the If to the the to repaired or replaced. where the might using that other outlet that the this of through as they high or which fire or shock. of the as specifically this to service this yourself. or removing covers that Not to high servicing those to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following Instructions
and Notes followed to to to Notes information and the of Instructions A. If B. If to or C. If normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions of other and often to the to operation. D. If or the E. If performance, indicating service. F. the or or
Assembling the the Cartridge the Cartridge the protective as this the toner to the Cartridge to light, and the protective cover as this the light of the or light to appear and reduce its functional life. the of EPSON Cartridges. Products EPSON to covered warranties. Assembling the
While holding the Cartridge to the toner evenly. the the front cover of and as shown below. Assembling the
the of protective from both of the of the as shown below. the protective that located the right of the Assembling the
the the and right the the Cartridge, the of the arrows, the the the seated its the front cover of the it clicks Assembling the To the Cartridge. the while the Cartridge
the You the memory ROM Interface Card, Unit, Unit, and Envelope to the the instructions the option to Follow the instructions that to the option to Memory memory increase memory to MB. You to memory graphics-intensive using the Unit, or You purchase memory from the memory purchase the following DRAM type Synchronous RAM Memory (SD RAM DIMM) Memory MB, MB, MB, MB, or MB type, with SPD Access or higher or Height than the
If optional memory Memory shows the including both MB and the optional MB-DIMM, the shows MB because the memory this MB. Warning: touching that the They the the off. the of the the screws the back of the and the casing of the the
memory shown below. the each of the CN12 outward. the memory CN12 with the indicated below. The screws attached to the casing to them from off. CN12 the
On the right the of the memory the apply too force. the other of the memory the other the casing of the and the screws. Turn the when the option. the
Follow the instructions below to the (C82377 Follow through Memory the with the and the with the then the the and they connected. the screws with screwdriver. the casing of the and the screws. the
Turn the when the option. ROM Follow the instructions below to the ROM (C83237 Follow through Memory ROM shown below. the ROM oriented as shown, then the ROM the the the casing of the and tighten the screws. Turn the when the option. the
Interface Follow the instructions below to optional interface the interface to electricity touching grounded of the rear of the with the off. the screws that the interface cover and the cover. the
With the of the optional interface facing the the interface the of the interface as shown below. the to the interface with the screws. Turn the when the option. the
Capacity Unit Follow these instructions to the optional Capacity Unit. Turn off the the from the The optional Capacity Unit as or from its and the or the
the top from its and the that the and properly the Three screws, to the top of each to and these to the and to the optional Capacity Unit to the the from the and them
corners of the top securely the the top from the Capacity Unit. and the three screws as shown below. the and the Capacity Unit. that the and properly The about with or the the locations indicated below. the
the from the and the three screws the locations shown below. the of the Capacity Unit. the turned off. the Turn the the
Unit This allows to both of of automatically. To the follow the instructions below. the of the Unit and the protective otherwise, the function properly. the off. the cover of the the
While holding the Unit both the the with the the and the clicks as shown the below. force the the as to smoothly. the cover of the Turn the when the option. the the specified the the cover. If the these
To that the Unit correctly, If the the try the the Unit the Unit To the Unit, follow the instructions below. The Unit the as the optional If the please proceeding. information the Reference the Top If the the top cover already off. this directly to below. the off. the
together the the rear cover, that the cover free. Gently the cover the the Unit off. the top of the and the locking the top cover while the holding the cover it the top cover off and the cover. the
facing the back of the (If necessary, the around that the back.) the Unit, that fits the the Unit, holding that the facing the as the front of the the the the front slightly and the the the
the location of the interface the Unit and its the the of the and the properly the the the slightly as that the the the of the of the to the the back of the Unit. the other of the to the the the
the to the the Unit. Turn the when the option. To the follow the instructions below. The with the optional Unit. If the Unit please proceeding. Unit the Reference Follow through the Top the
the the the front slightly and the the the location of the interface the and its the the of the and the properly the the the slightly as that the the the rear of the Turn the when the option. the
Envelope To the Envelope first the MP and then follow the instructions below. the off. the MP the from the of the MP as shown below. the
the Envelope with both the location of the interface the Envelope and its the that the properly the the straight directly the MP Turn the when the option. the to the as to when finished.
Testing and Connecting the the the switch the front of the turned off, as shown below. the the AC the back of the Then the other properly grounded outlets that other outlets that the this Testing and Connecting the
Testing the To whether the correctly, The information about the and the options, including the To follow the below. Loading the MP closed the of the the necessary. of and to its With the the the the the to match the of Testing and Connecting the
Turn the switch the front of the The lights and the the following Press the The shows Sheet Press the The the flashing and the the the following the If the options the the options connected securely to the lights once and then off. The ROM CHECK The shows RAM CHECK XXXMB including the memory of and optional memory displayed of XXX The shows and then shows Warming The On light about seconds, the shows Ready The the clearly. The information the options to the correctly. If the options that the the option properly. If optional memory Memory shows the including both MB and the optional MB-DIMM, the sheet shows MB the memory this MB. Testing and Connecting the
If the the or with the of the Connecting to the Though this to the interface or interface to the directly to optional interface information, Interface To the interface, follow the below. both the and the off. the to the interface or interface only shielded, twisted-pair Testing and Connecting the
the the together they both of the the other of the to and as required. Turn the then Testing and Connecting the
This... What to completing the the following items. to the to the instructions software. the included to the of the the Reference this the clearing and the Cartridge. the Reference information about troubleshooting, technical specifications and options. the To learn about the Software CD- ROM. It instructions to the and information and using optional products. You this directly from the CD, or and from to the This...
the or NT CPU NT or higher recommended) Memory MB MB or recommended) MB to the Reference MB to Microsoft CD-ROM or recommended) or with High or (Microsoft or recommended) or recommended) Memory MB MB or recommended) MB to the MB to Microsoft CD-ROM or recommended) with or (Thousands of recommended) (Microsoft or recommended) This...
Microsoft to the If Microsoft from the Software CD. users: with already please this section. NT users: Microsoft to the NT Service instructions, the README located the Software CD the directory. the Software CD CD-ROM If appears with options to or the Double-click the then the CD-ROM the CD-ROM Double-click the NT Double-click then Double-click and follow the on-screen instructions. This...
the Software CD CD-ROM Double-click the Follow the instructions to This...
Information This as Class the U.S. of Health and Services (DHHS) Radiation Performance to the Radiation Health and of This that the radiation. Since the completely within protective housings and covers, the from the phase of operation. The EPL-N2050 which There of from the that the operated to the instructions the provided. Warning: of or or performance of other than those specified this This The of the with of to Information
CDRH Regulations The Devices and Health (CDRH) of the U.S. Food and Administration regulations products products the United States. The shown below with the CDRH and attached to products the United States. Warning: of or performance of other than those specified this Class as IEC specifications. The shown below countries where required. Information
as by-product of the process. when the The recommended as time-weighted hour The EPL-N2050 than hours of of To the of to than of with of the location The should located that the and heat Not blown directly the Information
directly of the building whenever ENERGY STAR The International ENERGY STAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON products or EPSON products (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to the rating plate and that the to the supply The wires the to this with the following ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. Information
and yellowEarth BrownLive If to the of the of this match to the terminals please as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the N. The to the the with the L. If to the the or with of the and Information