Family of Complete of and Applications
offer the highest thermal industry-leading and easy to EU-T300 to the advanced EU-T400 and EU-T500 the to of enough both and from with of the photo, and what that the Thermal thermal with these features: high-quality Industry-leading OPOS, JPOS and memory and graphics chassis They best-in-class high-speed text and graphics and of ownership. From the EU-T300C
POS RIS News Leaderboards the third
EU-T300C Thermal The EU-T300C of the EU-T300 with of the high-quality features. the as POS and fast, of thicknesses. FEaTUrES 5.5"W 7"D 5"H POS and Supports to with function USB interface EU-T300 Thermal The EU-T300 highly-reliable, cost-effective Featuring chassis, with the best-in-class front of and and high-speed of and thicknesses. FEaTUrES inches/second to and and thick Best-in-class chassis firmware and interface options MCBF of NEW!
EU-T400 Thermal with The EU-T400 and easy to It with the best-in-class or chassis, front of high-speed and other graphics of and thicknesses and FEaTUrES inches/second to and and thick Highly-reliable Best-in-class and chassis and interface options MCBF of EU-T500 Thermal with The EU-T500 of advanced with best-in-class chassis and high-speed and graphics of and thicknesses. the EU-T500 offer friction-feed FEaTUrES Complete with boards, supply and to and thick to with and firmware and interface options
Complete thermal and ready to with and NT and and USB interfaces. interface options the of high-quality thermal with their advanced features, high options and industry-leading information, or to apply or To about of to
Services Industry-Leading Service from choose the world-class service from the selection of service offers of cost-effective service options. Advanced Service Products SM Economically-priced repairs free of charge Spare-In-The-Air express-shipped overnight selected products Advanced Product to Technical technical to The technical Authorized Service from Becoming Service Toll-free telephone to Advanced Product Direct purchase of Direct to Turn warranty repairs products SM
America, Inc. and and of Corporation. Spare-In-The-Air and Turn and Connect-It and and of Inc. other the property of their respective owners. KIOSKPPC