Sign-off: A5 cover BF switch cover AC cover front cover Ethernet interface interface C interface LocalTalk/Serial interface (option)
Sign-off: rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P of Corporation. Fontware, and Dutch of Bitstream Inc. CG and CG of Inc. Univers of Linotype AG and/or its Olive of Olive. of Monotype Corporation of Industries (UK) and New of Monotype Corporation Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Corporation, A5 Reference title
A5 Declaration of Conformity According to ISO/IEC and EN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, Representative: EPSON EUROPE B.V. Address: Prof. J. H. AT The that the Product: Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): October M. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. Product EPL-N2000 L240B Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN IEC IEC IEC EN EN Directive 73/23/EEC: EN
A5 Introduction Reference Sign-off: Started The EPSON EPL-N2000 high performance and with of features. To with please: the information, and instructions this section. Ready! to and as as learn to information about the software this information about About This This information about information about and the the Ready! information this chapter when information about to the Chapter instructions the Chapter Remote Utility, the that with the Remote utility. this chapter to from software. Started
A5 Introduction Reference SelecType, information the SelecType. this chapter to from software. Chapter Troubleshooting and helpful information what to and instructions to A, Specifications, technical information about B, the each with the of the characters each C, Command Summary, the commands that to the This advanced only. D, with the to follow to and the with E, of SelecType the SelecType and the which them. This when SelecType. Started
About the advanced of printers. It the (LJ4) allowing to the of software that HP The inch) which smoothes the of both text and graphics. This clean, that to appearance. The easy to and You the to and the as the Ready! The ECP Microsoft ECP high-speed and bidirectional with The with of that to ease of and high-quality The features below. High-quality of to the professional and its of The with selection of and LJ4 to with the to professional-looking The included with the D. A5 Introduction Reference Started
A5 Introduction Reference To reduce the amount of toner rough clicking the the the Memory The with MB of memory, which expanded to MB. The with built-in bidirectional interfaces and built-in Ethernet interface. You or interface the Ethernet and LocalTalk/Serial interface The (C81270 to A3) and Sheet (C81266 A4) without reloading. the (C81264 allows to to of MP (option) To sheets of the (C81269 to A3). The Unit (C81268 both of information Started
International NERGY TAR EPSON that this the International NERGY TAR efficiency. The International NERGY TAR the of computers, and other peripheral About To to This offers four to (software that or OneTouch shortcuts that allow to quickly) SelecType functions that allow to than the Remote (software that If the that with the to Accessing Ready! If DOS the the DOS If the through the or DOS SelecType (OneTouch or the Remote A5 Introduction Reference NERGY TAR Started
A5 Introduction Reference the to easily and to their software and the to You the through or choosing the operating that software the information. To Ready OneTouch the OneTouch the to when software. The OneTouch the to basic from the however, software and these the OneTouch information. SelecType the SelecType buttons and the to when software. SelecType options than the OneTouch to those SelecType, Chapter information. Remote the when the easily and to SelecType This allows to SelecType from however, DOS. the Remote Utility, Chapter information. Started
Information This as Class the U.S. of Health and Services (DHHS) Radiation Performance to the Radiation Health and of This that the radiation. Since the completely within protective housings and covers, the beam from the phase of operation. users United The EPL-N2000 which There of from the the operated to the instructions the provided. Since the completely within protective the from the phase of operation. Warning: of or or performance of procedures other than those specified this This The of the and the A5 Introduction Reference Started
A5 Introduction Reference IEC825 and EPL-N2000 VAROITUS! VARNING! specificerats, LUOKAN LASERLAITE KLASS LASER APPARAT B.S.7192 IEC Started
Norway CDRH The Devices and Health (CDRH) of the U.S. Food and Administration regulations products products the United States. The shown below with the CDRH and attached to products the United States. A5 Introduction Reference Started
A5 Introduction Reference Warning: of or performance of other than those specified this Class as IEC specifications. The shown below attached countries where required. Radiation Wave This Class Assembly that invisible The head NOT FIELD SERVICE ITEM. Therefore, the head should Started
and Norway users warning to the of the as shown below. as by-product of the process. when the The as time-weighted hour The EPL-N2000 hours of when closed of A5 Introduction Reference Started
A5 Introduction Reference the To the of to should the following of of together with of the location The should located that the and heat Not blown directly the directly of the building whenever This The following of whenever the cover. with other of to follow these to operation. Started
to touch the which CAUTION Contact. If the the touching the the instructed to this force the Although the to rough to scratch the of the the from the the clean, smooth Also, touching the from permanently its and the or its A5 Introduction Reference CAUTION Started
A5 Introduction Reference Protect the light-sensitive from to light. the to light than necessary. the protective cover. Overexposing the abnormally or light to appear the and reduce the service of the the clean, smooth to or the It to the toner and with least hour from cool to Started
touching the front of the otherwise, To the quality, the to sunlight, or (such as locations to high or or or humidity. Also, to the of the reach of H05VV-F H05VVH2-F GSGV, (A) ISO A5 Introduction Reference Started
A5 Introduction Reference Instructions of these instructions operating Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning and or cleaners. this the or and the and the back or or cover them. the or other or built-in provided. the type of indicated the If of the type of or If to the the to where the If cord, that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the outlet of through as they or that of fire or shock. of the Started
as specifically this to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or or B. If C. If to or D. If normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions of other and often to the to operation. E. If or the F. If performance, indicating service. United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products (UK) A5 Introduction Reference Started
A5 Introduction Reference information Warning: This earthed. to rating plate and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and yellowEarth BrownLive If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. If to the the or only with of the and Started
and Notes to to to Notes information and the operation of A5 Introduction Reference Started
A5 Introduction Reference Started
Sign-off: Chapter Loading Manually Selecting the Loading Choosing Colored DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter Loading This section covers to manually to each and to choose To normally, Ready To optional If the of to to the of sheets Manually You manually the MP Manually helpful when to the each printed. This the as the feeding, sheet-by-sheet the MP to the first and the On to each following
To manually, follow the below. Access the of the following If the Ready! instructions. through software, the or the You to or of these buttons. through to and Next, right-click the EPSON EPL-N2000 and the that appears. to right-click the Then the the top of the and the through Workgroups, and NT the the Next, EPSON EPL-N2000 the and then the The appears. Click the arrow to the Source to the of Click Click the to the Click the arrow to the to the of through this and the that matches the the DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter If the already loaded, to the front cover, and the MP or of the the MP with the as as the to match the from The shows and the selected Press On to The of and printed. Press On to the of necessary. this every to printed.
Selecting the the A4 to loaded. If of to the of the following the Choose the the or the information using the the the Remote Bring the EPRCPO the DOS Select the from the and the button. Then choose the the SelecType information the SelecType Chapter DR A5 Chapter
DR A5 Chapter Loading To or from inches) to inches), the MP (as Ready and the to of the following Access the the the and type the Width, and Unit to match the and Access the Remote Chapter and to Custom Access SelecType Chapter and to CTM Choosing the of or type of the EPSON the of type of of purchasing or You of including and overhead The of from the MP This section the feed and choices and to and The type of the of The smoother the the smoother and
its wrapper. the or selecting and other the only or the MP to these To the from with that completely cover the that the You should the of top of of If the to the when off, the the MP with the first and the facing The of thicknesses. If the too light, the with the the Remote or SelecType. thickness and characteristics and feeding of DR A5
DR A5 Chapter Colored You as as the weight shown the specifications. however, coated to which clear or coating You overhead and they with or the MP to these
Sign-off: The lights A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter This chapter shows to the with from information the SelecType from the including the OneTouch Chapter shows SelecType and It as whenever SelecType. The The easy operations. The of three lights, and buttons. The and lights the of the and the buttons to and software usually these
The shows the following: such as Warming the such as or to correct. SelecType such as allow to selection, and other to and information, Chapter information SelecType, Chapter A5 Source MP Item SelecType On
A5 Chapter lights On On when the the and the off this light off. The light flashes as the switches and off-line On when and the printed. Flashing the the (the section of memory this light off. Flashes when or At the or appears the On when the OneTouch OneTouch the OneTouch On when the OneTouch OneTouch the OneTouch SelecType On when the SelecType information.
Item SelecType Switches the and off On Selects OneTouch or SelecType SelecType Press this once to (ALT) OneTouch Press this to OneTouch Press this once to SelecType Pressing this while SelecType the to information. ALT Item, or A5 Chapter Source MP Item SelecType On Advances the or shown to the each group. If with the ALT SelecType the or shown to its On
A5 Chapter Selects the OneTouch this button, or selects the SelecType SelecType Press this when the to SelecType Selects the Item this or selects the function within the the SelecType Selects the OneTouch option this or selects the within the the Item of the SelecType Selects the OneTouch option this or the currently shown the as when SelecType Press this when the to the the off and the memory light the and clears the the to or cleared. If the light flashing, the or the and the as Chapter If with the ALT button, the
Sign-off: Chapter Optional the Optional the Unit the Unit PCMCIA Card PCMCIA PCMCIA Memory memory memory ROM Optional Interfaces the LocalTalk/Serial Interface Card the Interface the interface DR, A5 Reference
DR, A5 Chapter Reference You to of the following (C81270 increases feeding of to A3 The shown below. A3, B4, F4, A4, B5, A5, GLG, GLT, Exective, HLT The the of the which country. Sheet (C81266 A4) increases feeding capacity. This to sheets of A4 (C81264 and Sheet (C81269 that directly beneath the house the or optional or Unit (C81268 useful both of Optional memory memory. ROM (C83226
Optional interface and that to the EPL-N2000 with LocalTalk IBM and With the optional interfaces, to interfaces to this If purchased and options the first the and the following the instructions the Ready! Then the options. option, the that with that option. Optional the of the following A3, B4, F4, A4, B5, A5, GLG, GLT, Exective, HLT the from the necessary. DR, A5 Chapter Reference
DR, A5 Reference the cover of the Press the plate the the
of and to the the the The should the the the below. back of A4, B5, A5, GLT, HLT of A3, B4, F4, Short of GLG, the to match the the corners of the the DR, A5 Reference
DR, A5 Chapter Reference the cover of the and the the the to match the of
the Optional The optional third to the MP and This section to the and Turn off the the from the outlet and from the interface from the interface the the and facing the the the with the the of the and then the securely the The to DR, A5 Reference
DR, A5 Chapter Reference the turned off and then the the and Turn the To that the correctly, If the the try to the Since the selection from to software information. the Unit the with the Unit.. A3, B4, F4, A4, B5, International B5, A5, GLG, GLT, Exective, HLT To efficiently both of of the Unit as below. Turn off the the from the interface from the interface
the back of the the screw and the cover as shown below. the screw and the cover to the Unit or to the Attach the that with the Unit to the DR, A5 Chapter Reference
DR, A5 Chapter Reference the the with the the of the Unit. the Unit to the the and screws the off the Unit with the screws that with the the Unit off the and
the Unit with screws that with the interface the turned off and then the the and Turn the To that the Unit correctly, If the the try Select On the SelecType the Unit; the DR, A5 Chapter Reference to the screws the otherwise the
DR, A5 Reference the Unit to the Unit, Facing the back of the the screws that the Unit to the or the Unit otherwise, the Unit off the and the Unit, then gently.
the from the the to the the the screw and the cover that earlier when the Unit Follow through the section to the PCMCIA Card PCMCIA to increase memory. You PCMCIA that with the following: PCMCIA Card SRAM, EEPROM, DR, A5 Chapter Reference
DR, A5 Reference PCMCIA Turn off the the IC cover. the PCMCIA as shown. the back of the facing the of the the cover. Turn the back
PCMCIA Turn off the the IC cover. Press the to the the cover. Turn the DR, A5 Chapter Reference
DR, A5 Chapter Reference Memory Memory (SIMM) both increase memory to MB. You to memory graphics-intensive or You purchase from the SIMM purchase the following type Capacity of or MB Access of or within inches) inches), with thickness of inch) memory Turn off the Warning: To shock, to SIMM the turned off. the from the interface from the interface
the the right to the cover. the of the the three screws that the cover. DR, A5 Chapter Reference
DR, A5 Chapter Reference the cover. the SIMM RAM SLOT RAM SLOT the of the and the SIMM match, or ROM SLOT RAM SLOT RAM SLOT
Press the clicks apply too force. the cover and the three screws that DR, A5 Reference
DR, A5 Chapter Reference Gently the cover clicks memory through the previous section to the SIMM the each of the SIMM outward to release the memory
both of the SIMM and as shown Follow through the section to the ROM You the (C83226 using the as those to the memory memory instructions. this the ROM SLOT rather than the RAM SLOT. Optional Interfaces This section to the LocalTalk/Serial and optional interface below. To or interface to of the following: LocalTalk/Serial C82334 KB Interface Card C82307 KB Interface Card C82310 The LocalTalk/Serial with RS-232C or To to IBM or of the following: Interface Card C82314 Interface Card C82315 DR, A5 Chapter Reference
DR, A5 Chapter Reference The and each interface. the built-in interface active, this three interfaces and or interface. to and the switches the active The interface with the following IBM AS-400, and with EPSON interface, the of the following IBM and and IPDS), and and D01, D02. The interface allows the to connected to the following IBM and and To to GPIB the GPIB Interface Card (C82323
the LocalTalk/Serial the LocalTalk should the Ethernet interface instructions to the interface to the to memory to the SIMM SLOT. Select of the following interface RS-232C type interface, type interface, or LocalTalk interface, switch and the switches the The selection LocalTalk. If to the interface the and the switches to the interface as shown below. both switches to the otherwise, the correctly. DR, A5 Chapter Reference
DR, A5 Chapter Reference the as shown below; then its CN4. the with the screws that with to to this You whether the interface correctly Interface Card Turn off the Warning: High the when the to the the turned off. the from the Turn the its back
the screws that the Ethernet interface and the With the of the interface facing the of the the interface the the interface as shown below. to the DR, A5 Reference
DR, A5 Chapter Reference the interface with the screws. You the interface correctly the Interface To interface, purchase interface EPSON of interface You interface that the specifications below. RS-232C C836152 from DIN to D-SUB RS-232C; to RS-232C C836151 DIN to D-SUB RS-232C; to
C836141 from DIN to D-SUB (interface both RS-232C and Current to interface If interface, to that the and the the If the match, the The the or the section information about the interface that with The the optional interface below. To the the interface interface or LocalTalk/Serial information about type: RS-232C Word length: Parity: NONE Stop DTR: OFF XON/XOFF: ON You to the of it already to the The following procedures to the Workgroups and To the non-Windows software, software DR, A5 Chapter Reference
DR, A5 Chapter Reference and Workgroups the the Double-click the the that appears, the Select COM Click the OK to this Click the to and then Right-click the EPL-N2000 and the that appears. to right-click Select the Click the arrow to the Then COM Click OK to this the interface You the interface that with to specify the and the of the interface This included the of the Remote Chapter
the following interface rates: and If to with higher that the to match the the and This with HSERIAL the DOS and to the of the and the selection. Select the from the and type the following: would to the COM1 with the type the following: If type the following: DR, A5 Chapter Reference C:\HSERIAL C:\HSERIAL /P= /B= the selection the selection C:\HSERIAL /P=1 /B=576 C:\HSERIAL\?
DR, A5 Chapter Reference
Sign-off: Remote Remote to the Remote the Remote Accessing the ESCP2 FX I239X Other More DR, A5 Chapter Remote
DR, A5 Chapter Remote The Remote software that allows to such as the and to the Remote You normally to the Remote to software that the and from software those from the Remote to from software or DOS, the allow to: the of the the and off the or the the and off specify the Top and the shared than the other users. the Remote shows the Remote
the Remote To the follow these the containing the SETUP the DOS and Follow the instructions the to the Accessing the To the Remote type the following the DOS and (If the directory installation, type that directory instead.) The appears. DR, A5 Chapter A:\SETUP C:\EPSONRCP\EPRCPP Remote
DR, A5 Chapter Click the the to only when the option The displays the the selected The buttons the the ERR SHEET Turn this of detected, the the type of when the option Remote
ESCP2 FX DR, A5 Chapter Remote
DR, A5 Chapter I239X Clicking the the the following Remote
If to the that the from software the this as follows: Selects the You should this item the from software If below, using the Custom the following when to to The options as follows: A3+ A3 B4 LT A4 A5 B5 HLT LGL GLT (Government GLG (Government EXE F4 MON C10 DL C5 IB5 (International B5) C6 Custom DR, A5 Remote
DR, A5 Selects the of to printed. You from to You should specify the of from software the of You from to This LJ4 whether the or The this Allows to the or where from. choices from whichever the manually the MP MP and The Remote
Clicking the the Remote the following The only LJ4 If to the that the from software the this as follows: Typeface the typeface to Pitch the and The of to It the pitch pitch The of pitch to DR, A5 Chapter Remote
DR, A5 Chapter the to If the typeface selected the select, the typeface with the currently selected The following ECM94-1 ANSI ASCII UK ISO Spanish PsMath ISO MsPublishing Math-8 IBM-US IBM-DN Other The following selected with the SWM and Dutch SWM PsMath, VeMath, Math-8, and The characters to the and when the SWM or Dutch SWM selected.
Clicking the the the following If to the that the from software the this as follows: DR, A5 Chapter
DR, A5 Chapter Protect this to of the Protect function. This allows to memory as to You to Protect If the to ON and This reduces the amount of memory to the allow to Protect to You to increase memory memory to the Protect the memory which downloaded to Selects the to The and Allows to the or off. Quality information about Ordinarily, the should to The options Light and the to the or Click the arrow to or the
the to recover from Overflow, or The within seconds of these off, the the to off when and the You might to when or when from the Turns the turned the toner the of characters. The characters outlined the right and the amount of graphics when the reaches the memory allowing to printed. this graphics reduced. The options On and On and the Allows to of Thin the Thick and that than to Normal Next Turn to the Turn to the previous DR, A5 Chapter Remote
DR, A5 Chapter Other Clicking the Other the following This ESC/P FX, or I239X (ESCP2, FX only) this option to the character spacing. spreadsheets and other that to amount of information each characters condensed. T.Margin this option to specify the from the top of the to the of the first This measured inch Remote
Text this option to the The of this option inch If the or T.Margin the to the each the option to (CR-LF) whenever the the right If CR the characters the right and linewrap CR. software of this function. If to the feed (LF) with each (CR). to On the to each If text each other, to On With to or Light correctly the graphics with the commands. If the high. If Light the With to to This that I239X This reduces the of the and when graphics. DR, A5 Chapter Remote
DR, A5 Chapter This option whether the slashed or unslashed This useful clearly distinguishing and when such as Alt.Graphics (I239X only) the Graphics option or off. The OFF Character (I239X only) Selects the character or Next (I239X only) Turn to the (I239X only) Turn to the previous Remote
More Clicking the More the the following If to the the More from software the this as follows: Source (LJ4 only) when optional ROM while the LJ4 Destination (LJ4 only) when optional ROM while the LJ4 DR, A5 Remote
DR, A5 Chapter Top Allows to the the The You the from the top (the from to Allows to the the The You the from the (the from to the to or the The as as and ready to about seconds. the warmed and ready to Timeout the of the the If the and the of seconds specified, the switches to the that Selects whether when Turning this item the to the the the specified of This of toner that the properly. this item off, the
Country (ESCP2, FX only) Selects the international character CG (ESCP2, FX only) Selects the character Character the characters and The text based the selected character (I239X only) Selects the character Character the characters and The text based the selected character Clicking the the Remote the following If to the the from software the this as follows: DR, A5 Chapter Remote
DR, A5 Chapter Selects the or off. This item when the Unit Selects the of the This item when the Unit to from front or back first. This item when the Unit the the back when both this the the back where expected. This item when the Unit
Sign-off: SelecType to SelecType SelecType SelecType SelecType SelecType C L/T AUX LJ4 the OneTouch Other ESC/P or FX I239X EPSON GL/2 EPSON GL/2 GL2 DR A5 Chapter SelecType
DR A5 to SelecType SelecType software, including the following: the and selecting the IES Switching) Specifying the and the interface Choosing the of the memory to You should the following when SelecType of SelecType using the OneTouch and Remote Application commands to the that SelecType If the software To the SelecType of SelecType included E. SelecType
SelecType and SelecType, should the buttons the The functions of the buttons the when SelecType SelecType You directly items using the OneTouch information, the OneTouch To SelecType DR A5 Chapter Source MP Item SelecType On SelecType
DR A5 Chapter To the Item or To To item Item To To Press ALT to or showing the that selecType To SelecType On or SelecType SelecType This section of the SelecType and the each of the SelecType These and the internal You information the and summary of features. LJ4 Font ESCP2 Font FX Font I239X Font PS PS Font PS Fact Info** when the when there the optional ROM SelecType
These the each interface. Also B, C, L/T*, AUX** only when the LocalTalk/Serial only when the optional interface These software. the software the software the Source, Feed, only when the Unit These the each This from the which the of the the internally. MP LC1 LC2 These the performance. Top Protect, DR A5 SelecType
DR A5 Chapter These the with information Interface, Count, SelecType B, C These the and the when using interface. These the interface These the and the Word Length, Parity, DTR, only when the LocalTalk/Serial and to interface. Chapter information. L/T*, AUX** This the optional interface when the LocalTalk/Serial and to interface. Chapter information. when the interface SelecType
LJ4 These the and when LJ4 FontSource, Font Pitch, Source GL2 These when the GL2 PS These when information, to the ESCP2 These when the ESC/P FX These when the FX I239X These when the I239X DR A5 SelecType
DR A5 Chapter SelecType this section of the the SelecType the below, to these the such as which printed. PS PS Fact Prints the features. this option to whether correctly. LJ4 Font ESCP2 Font FX Font I239X Font PS Font Prints of the selected when EXT PRINT INFO Prints information the optional ROM. This item when the optional ROM and SelecType
this to the You specify each interface; other each Since each its options, the LJ4, ESCP2, FX, GL2, or I239X as necessary. The options the interface. B, C, LT, AUX LJ4, ESCP2, FX, I239X, PS* GL2, when the The which option to the The the from within software. The software SelecType items the directly with the OneTouch the this chapter. Source whether the from the MP the or from optional If from the containing the that matches the selected the DR A5 Chapter SelecType
DR A5 the whether the or This Selects the of to printed, to Selects the MP Chapter Switches the and Selects the or off. This item when the Unit Selects the of the This item when the Unit SelecType
to from front or back first. This item when the Unit Source MP, LC1, LC2 A4, A3, A5, B4, B5, LT, HLT, LGL, GLT, GLG, B, EXE, F4, MON, C10, DL, C5, C6, IB5, CTM, A3+ On On Edge, Short Edge this to the MP and the currently the and optional MP to the the MP You the MP directly from OneTouch DR A5 Chapter SelecType
DR A5 Chapter LC1 the the LC1 and LC2 the currently You this automatically. LC2 the the optional MP LC1 A4, A3, A5, B4, B5, LT, HLT, LGL, GLT, GLG, B, LC2 EXE, F4, MON*, C10*, DL*, C5*, C6*, IB5*, A3+* MP smoother and and graphics. If this the from the SelecType You the directly from OneTouch SelecType
the turned the toner the of characters. The characters outlined the right and You the item directly from OneTouch the to or Increasing the increases toner If to the Top to the of the the that the the of the to the of the the This when the feed that the the of the DR A5 SelecType
DR A5 Chapter the the back when both this the the back where expected. This item when the Unit Selects whether Turning this item the to the the the specified of This because of toner that the properly. this item off, the the to of when of the following and Overflow. this option off, the to Protect memory as to You to Protect If the to ON and This reduces the amount of memory to the allow to Protect to You to increase memory memory to the Protect the memory which to SelecType
the amount of graphics when the reaches the memory allowing to printed. this graphics reduced. to of Thin useful the Thick and that than usually to Normal Interface whether the through the interfaces or through the selected. the of the when and received. this the searches other reducing the to the fixing heater the this the as as then and ready to about seconds. the displayed the and the DR A5 Chapter SelecType
DR A5 the instead of Ready when the by. the amount of toner the E****F E*** E** E* Count the of sheets this SelecType the SelecType and them to the factory C the of the ACKNLG the or this option to the about S. this option to Normal, the about S. or bidirectional SelecType
the amout of memory to and If to memory allocated If to memory allocated The factory Normal Word You or length. and software the The factory Rate this option to the the interface. The measured and software the Parity this option to The used, of and software the Stop this option to the of each character of information to the Stop the of character. DR A5 Chapter SelecType
DR A5 this option to to On or You with the DTR option If to the the to DTR DTR Ready) to the DTR or off. You DTR with the option the amount of memory to receiving and If to memory If to memory allocated The factory Normal L/T AUX the amount of memory to and If to memory If to memory allocated The factory Normal SelecType
LJ4 If the HP software, should using software. The software the LJ4 options. FontSource Selects the Font Selects the from the Pitch the pitch the and fixed-pitch. You from to CPI, of CPI. Height the height the and You from to of Selects the If the selected FontSource and Font the the and the Font with the Selects the of the selected and This (VMI) also, and the VMI the This that the or the the based the VMI. DR A5 Chapter SelecType
DR A5 Chapter Source when optional ROM when optional ROM FontSource SIMM, Card, Download Font Pitch ECM94-1, ISO, ISO, IBM-US, IBM-DN, MsPublishin, Math-8, PsMath, VeMath, UK, ANSI ASCII, Spanish, French2, Source the ESCP2, FX, and I239X to Other Emulations this chapter. SelecType
the OneTouch The OneTouch of SelecType they and to The these and SelecType reflected each other. To OneTouch the SelecType (repeatedly necessary) the light to Source indicating the OneTouch The OneTouch Source, Feed, and shown the the or shown OneTouch To OneTouch the SelecType (repeatedly necessary) the light to indicating the OneTouch The OneTouch MP and shown the the On or shown OneTouch To of the as and the located the to to through the You ALT (SelecType) and the to through the options. DR A5 Chapter SelecType
DR A5 Chapter Source whether the from the MP the or from the optional If the containing the that matches the the used. the Turns or off the MP the Chapter whether the or to the Light smoother and and graphics. If this the from the SelecType Selects the of to printed, to MP Allows to the the MP the or off. the toner the of characters. The characters outlined the right and SelecType
Other to its LJ4 If to other than LJ4, ESC/P FX, I239X, or GL/2 Match the the with or already EPSON LQ or FX or IBM The LJ4 GL2, I239X, ESC/P and FX. The switching (IES) switches the received To switching, the using the [confirm] the Remote or the SelecType To the follow these Press to SelecType. Press EMULATION MENU appears the Press Item to the interface to Press to the appears, appears the right of the If to SelecType to the following section. If On The back to as indicated the On light. DR A5 SelecType
DR A5 Chapter ESC/P or FX This section the ESCP2 and FX options. specifically mentioned, the items Font The Font option selects typeface. The factory selecting the the character and of the with the Pitch and options below. Pitch You character pitch of or characters inch or choose spacing. this option to the character spreadsheets and other that to amount of information each characters T.Margin this option to specify the from the top of the to the of the first This measured inch Text this option to the The of this option inch If the or T.Margin the to the each SelecType
CG Table the character option to the graphics character or the The graphics graphic characters corners, areas, international characters, characters, and mathematical Selecting the the of the character as characters. Country this option to of the international the of the characters each countrys the option to (CR-LF) operation whenever the the right If CR the characters the right and linewrap CR. software of this function. to the (LF) with each (CR). to On the to each If text each other, to On With to or Light correctly the graphics with the commands. the high. Light the DR A5 SelecType
DR A5 Chapter The to This that I239X This reduces the of the and when graphics. This option whether the slashed or unslashed This clearly distinguishing and when such as The below shows the each ESC/P and FX the of each Font T*, S, H*, OCR Pitch Prop. On T. Margin inch Text CG Italic, PcNordic, Country USA, Germany, UK, Italy, Spain1, Norway, LatinAmeric, CR On, LF On Light, ESC/P SelecType
I239X I239X IBM commands. information of the and the below, to the previous section. Font Gothic, Pitch Prop. T. Margin inch Text CR On LF On Graphics On Light Character (I239X only) Selects the character Character the characters and The text based the selected character Alt.Graphics (I239X only) the Graphics option or off. The OFF. Character (I239X only) Selects character or DR A5 Chapter SelecType
DR A5 EPSON GL/2 You the GL/2 items SelecType. To these items, the GL/2 command C. EPSON GL/2 with applications. EPSON GL/2 One the LJ4GL2 the other the The of the HP-GL commands and includes of the commands found LJ4GL2 commands. The below shows the these information GL/2 commands LJ4 C. Command LJ4GL2 Landscape inch inch as the hard-clip of P1 and and P2 right corners, respectively, of First character First characters commands CS, CA commands Not Partially PG, AF commands Not when DT with ESC %#A commands Supported Not SelecType plotted plotted of
EPSON GL/2 You to the to they match the trying to the following items; the information selection): HP-GL/2 or HP-GL width origin: or Corner LJ4GL2, or If to the first switch the and then the the the or SelecType. or RAM (such as when switch DR A5 Chapter SelecType
DR A5 Chapter GL2 GL Selects the or LJ4GL2 Switches or reduced Also, the reduction reduced You the originally created the selected the the selected the A3 to A4 the the to the Corner or to the of the hard-clip Selects the of the characters. white, which the background instead of the character, or this others the characters this SelecType
the type of the below. Round the of the below. MITERED NONE TRIANGULAR MITEREDBEVELED BEVELED ROUND Selects the You from to of DR A5 Chapter SelecType
DR A5 Chapter SelecType
Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting and Introduction and Preventing feed and Quality Memory Option and the Cartridge Quality The the Cleaning the Removing toner Cleaning the Transporting the DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter Introduction This chapter the information to the This chapter to included of the and shown the and The and the appears. the front cover. the the MP with that the Troubleshooting and
the cover. to of that torn off or the If necessary, the Cartridge and the feed path, and then the Cartridge. the cover. the of the and the or sheets.) the front cover. The reprinted. when the the from the from the and or sheets. DR A5 Chapter Warning: the cover the which CAUTION to touch the Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter the of the Then the the and below the the using that the specifications this the the Press the The reprinted. The and the appears. the cover and the Cartridge. Warning: the the which CAUTION to the Gently the If tears, the Troubleshooting and
the toner the the the toner off when the If toner clothing, off with the Cartridge. Then the cover. the reprinted. Preventing and If or this of corrective higher-quality that too thin or rough. the of and then its to that too the to the that the and freely. than the top of the turning the of the of the with arrow the of the the DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter The when the Turn off the and the the and the then the back If the outlet such as switch, the switch turned or another the to whether the operating properly. The On light nothing properly connected to the the Testing the the Ready! The interface securely. both of the the and the that interface the the and If using the interface, the and related the and interface If the interface, the the or C to match the the that software properly The Cartridge empty. as the of this chapter. Troubleshooting and
The and the On light off. Press On once to the (the On light selected with software commands The selected the information. or of the If the Remote whether Remote another that both of the interface securely. double-shielded, twisted-pair interface than B; than C. The to or On If other than to increase the Turn the off the the Remote or SelecType. The that correct. Specify the with the Remote or SelecType. If the correctly, or service DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter The of the correct. that the and Graphics correctly. that software the the LJ4 that graphics software If using interface, that the the SelecType Graphics of memory; Memory this chapter The Remote function as expected. software which the the as this chapter. SelecType function as expected. Software SelecType software instead of SelecType whenever software factory with the function the SelecType information, Chapter Troubleshooting and
You the Press the ALT and the to the and the the Whenever or the first the Cartridge and the to the toner from the or clothing. Quality or background the the Remote the or the SelecType Clean the the with clean, cloth. Clean three with character There with the Cartridge. the from to and then If this the the Cartridge as this chapter. DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter or white or Clean the the Cartridge and clean, Clean the as shown below. the from to with cloth. Then the the and the cover. If the as this chapter and to the Troubleshooting and
or white appear or the Cartridge as this chapter. the Cartridge, from to and or to the or Cartridge as this chapter. Then to the the Cartridge, from to to the and the of with clean, cloth. Clean the the clean, cloth. Clean internal three with character If the the Cartridge as this DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter or to the The higher the the the the printed or You the type of If the of too rough, characters appear or Smooth, high-quality recommended Specifications information choosing Completely If the SelecType option the the that the amount of toner E* the Cartridge that the Cartridge as the Ready! or the Cartridge The with software or interface If to the with the Turn off the and Troubleshooting and
Printed light or the using the or the SelecType or to the The higher the the the the or the Cartridge, from to to the and then If the the Cartridge as the of this chapter. The Turn off the the the OneTouch or SelecType. too The incorrect. the the the Remote or the SelecType If the the Cartridge as the of this chapter. DR A5 Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter Non-printed of the the feed path. the Cartridge and then the of the lint-free cloth. the the which CAUTION to the Memory Overflow This that to the trying to memory or memory to simplifying reducing the or of or the or of graphics, or both. using PCMCIA ROM SIMM, or NLSP ROM, off the then the The the of memory, and the reduces the that the to the If memory or to LOW and Protect to temporarily the Troubleshooting and
Option The AUX I/F Card or I/F appears The AUX I/F Card that the the optional interface Turn off the then the The I/F that the the optional LocalTalk/Serial Turn off the then the AUX I/F Card both the LocalTalk/Serial LocalTalk) and the I/F of them. the I/F the of A. from the optional selected the software. There the with that the properly and that to with too of The of or sheets the of The properly. Chapter instructions the DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter when the optional when the when the Press the top of the and the cover. from the and or Then the cover. If the follow the and Troubleshooting and
the cover. from the and or sheets. Then the cover. The reprinted. DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 with memory and the Overflow appears. The Protect the the or SelecType to Memory this chapter information. You enough memory. If the and This section of and that appear the Card Battery The of the optional PCMCIA the the Card Battery The of the optional PCMCIA the the The from the the to the of the the cover or Unit cover, then the and the cover. The reprinted. Troubleshooting and
If the SelecType this The from the the to the of the then the to clear the If the SelecType this I/F This interfaces. To the the ALT and the Then the parity, of and of to match the Overflow There enough memory The only the top and the To this follow the below. If Cont the SelecType or the the ALT and the If On the SelecType the corrected automatically. DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter off Turn the SelecType then to clear the If this the of the below and to fixed. incorrectly to CTM, MON, C10, DL, C5, or C6; this option to to something other than Normal this to Normal The Unit the Unit. The feed, or type from the top and To clear the or the ALT and the EPL-N2000 the SelecType this appears. feeding the from the specified (or or its the the the feed the optional this Troubleshooting and
the off and the memory, the and clears the Ready appears the AUX I/F Card The the optional interface Turn off the then the Both the LocalTalk/Serial LocalTalk) and the interface of them. Card incompatible PCMCIA the To this off the and the then the or the while the then the I/F The the optional LocalTalk/Serial Turn off the then the DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter The the of memory, and the reduces the that the to the If memory or to and Protect to temporarily the XXX specified the the indicated XXX the MP then On If to this The to the Source information the Chapter Overflow The memory the To the If the You clear this turning the off and back to reduce the or of reduce the or of graphics, the or memory to the Troubleshooting and
Card The PCMCIA or while the To the the ALT and the or off the then back the path. the cover and clear the as the PAPER JAM section this chapter. the cleared, the reprinted. Warning: the cover the which CAUTION to the the the and clear the then the cover. cleared, the reprinted. XXX YY There the specified XXX of the indicated YY the Ready! or Chapter instructions DR A5 Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter XXX YY The the XXX match the YY) the with the of and The to the the of too Press to If this appears the Protect SelecType The cover the cover to Ready The ready to or The interface and the cleared. other interfaces active and their and Troubleshooting and
to the the that to You the SelecType the activated immediately exiting SelecType. To the of the following: SelecType or On (the activated the finished), or the ALT and the The its internal It finishes ROM The the ROM. RAM The the RAM. DR A5 Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter Service Service or detected. the the and off the least seconds and then back If the appears, off the the cord, and service The its however, the On light The of You should the toner You the as this chapter. Press to Turn The LC1 or LC2 correct. To this the Troubleshooting and
Card The to write or the writing to the finished correctly. To this off the and the then the the while the then the or the the ALT and the Writing Card The writing the PCMCIA Warming The DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter that easy users to the of the and the the of the the and the off. the while turn the the the HEX the that the to the To off the off the or and holding the ALT and the appears the release the buttons. Troubleshooting and
the Cartridge The Cartridge to the complexity of If become the SelecType to the function to toner the count the the (empty) and the the Each about of the toner capacity. If the indicating that there than toner should ready to the Cartridge. to the S051035 Cartridge. other than S051035, the S051035 that specially high-quality Warning: the which with CAUTION the turned Gently the cover and the Cartridge of the Cartridge with nonburnable items. DR A5 Chapter the Cartridge the Cartridge to light than necessary. Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter While holding the to the toner the Cartridge clean, the the right of the Cartridge. the clear the with firm, as shown. Troubleshooting and s-8 s-9
the each of the Cartridge the the and the Then the the Cartridge Gently the cover clicks the with the Cartridge DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter Quality that the appearance of and graphics. The The factory the text and graphics nearly You to or Occasionally, however, the further the quality. to the or that as smooth and as should the to which the off with the the Remote or the SelecType The when the of Troubleshooting and RIT,RITA
If the too the to Light as below; too light, the to or the to To the follow these the the the SelecType the the Remote Bring the EPRCPO the DOS the from the Remote the then the SelecType: information SelecType, Chapter If the to to the the and the section information. the it necessary. the affects text and graphics, the with of text and graphics. If too light or too the using the the Remote or the SelecType DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 the the the SelecType the the Remote Bring the Remote EPRCPO the DOS the from the Remote the then the the SelecType information SelecType, Chapter Increasing the increases toner If to the Cartridge the There to to of the the the and interface using ALT and appears the You the the interface the and interfaces holding ALT and appears the You and interfaces turning off and turning the clears from interfaces, to Troubleshooting and
Cleaning the The cleaning. If clean the and the of the as this section. You should the and the cover every months. These procedures this section. Follow the below to clean the of the and the the turned off. the cover. Warning: the the which If the recently, the to the cool the the from the with cloth. DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter the Cartridge. the cover. the front cover and the with cloth. Removing toner If toner the the the Follow these If amount of toner the of the with cloth. If amount of toner from supply stores) to or other cleaners. to the instructions If toner clothing, off with the toner to Troubleshooting and
Cleaning the If the or off the and with clean cloth with or thinner to the cover; these chemicals the and the to the or Transporting the If to the and as follows: Turn off the the cover and the Cartridge. the from the then the interface from the the optional the protective to the then the its the Cartridge to light than necessary. DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
DR A5 Chapter Troubleshooting and
Sign-off: Technical Specifications A-2 Specifications A-2 A-3 A-3 A-4 Mechanical A-4 A-5 Interface A-5 interface A-5 C interface A-7 Ethernet Interface A-12 and A-12 (C81269 (C81270 A-12 Sheet (C81264 (C81266 A-13 Unit (C81268 A-13 Cartridge (S051035) A-14 A5 Technical Specifications A-1
A5 Specifications Since the of or type of the EPSON the guality of type of of purchasing or head and only. reduce quality, and other to to to to Card A3+ A3 B4 A4 A5 B5 inches) inches) inches) inches) Government inches) Government inches) inches) F4 Custom A-2 Technical Specifications
Monarch inches) inches) DL C5 International B5 C6 that Printable to the beam and electrophotographic to with the and of than seconds with Warm-up About seconds feed: or to the MP to the to thickness A5 (A3+: Technical Specifications A-3
A5 sheets HP (LJ4 HP-GL/2 (GL2 ESC/P (ESC/P2 ESC/P (FX IBM (I239X Optional and LJ4 RAM: MB, to MB Operation: to 35C to to 35C to Humidity: Operation: to RH to RH Mechanical and inches) Width: inches) Depth: inches) including the years or sheets, whichever first A-4 Technical Specifications
to to to to Rated Rated than than than than option the the back of the the of Interface interface The (IEEE 1284-I interface assignments shown the below. Direction IEEE 1284-B IN IN/OUT DATA1 IN/OUT DATA2 IN/OUT DATA3 IN/OUT DATA4 IN/OUT DATA5 IN/OUT DATA6 IN/OUT DATA7 IN/OUT DATA8 OUT OUT A5 ECP Technical Specifications A-5
A5 Direction IEEE 1284-B OUT OUT Select IN NC GND CG OUT PeripheralLogic High GND IN OUT GND NC OUT +5V IN IEEE1284 Active The heading Direction to the of flow as from the A-6 Technical Specifications ECP
C interface The C (IEEE 1284-II interface assignments and of the interface shown the below. Direction IEEE1284-C OUT OUT Select OUT OUT OUT IN/OUT DATA1 IN/OUT DATA2 IN/OUT DATA3 IN/OUT DATA4 IN/OUT DATA5 IN/OUT DATA6 IN/OUT DATA7 IN/OUT DATA8 IN IN IN IEEE1284 Active IN IN HostLogicHigh GND OUT PeripheralLogic High The heading Direction to the of as from the A5 ECP Technical Specifications A-7
A5 to DATA phase: to high. ECP Used to and from the to the with DATA1 to DATA8 (bidirectional, input ECP or EPP supported) phase: Not used. ECP DATA8 the MSB, DATA1 the LSB. Acknowledgment to that from the host. phase: IEEE supported; to high to that the and phase: that the phase: switched from to high, that the that there ECP Used to from the to the with A-8 Technical Specifications
Busy/PtrBusy/PeriphClk High that the ready to phase: Reflects the BUSY of the phase: this as and then phase: Reflects the BUSY of the ECP Used flow this as ninth that whether the or PError/AckDataReq/nAckReverse High that occurred the supply section, or that there the phase: High whether or IEEE or this conforms with phase: this as and then phase: High the this conforms with ECP authorizes The this to whether or to the high. phase: the Used to to the from the host. phase: this as and then phase: as phase. ECP as phase. A5 Technical Specifications A-9
A5 nAutoFd/HostBusy/HostAck Not used. phase: to this and IEEE Active high. this high when phase: this to the that the ready to this high, that the the phase: This high to to to the phase. If this high the that IEEE Active the IEEE phase aborted and the interface to ECP Used flow NC Not used. PeripheralLogicHigh B: NC. C: to +5V with detected, the to BUSY the released. phase: high. phase: high. ECP when switching to The to the when this and IEEE Active high. A-10 Technical Specifications
that occurred. phase: This high to authorize compatibility. the high, this to that the ready. phase: This to to that the ready. this as and then phase: Indicates whether or the ECP This to with the host. both and nSelectln/IEEE1284 Active phase: This high the that to phase: This high to that the from the to the host. This to terminate the from the to the phase: as phase. ECP high. This to terminate ECP and to HostLogicHigh NC. (Not used.) GND Twisted CG Connected to the chassis. This and GND connected. +5V to +5V with A5 Technical Specifications A-11
A5 Ethernet Interface You IEEE 10BASE2 RG-58A/U BNC or IEEE 10BASE-T straight-through twisted RJ45 and (C81269 (C81270 A3, B4, F4, A4, B5, International B5, A5, GLG, GLT, Exective, HLT to to feed: to sheets or the first with A4 or seconds or sheets with A4 or types: such as and AC supply: DC 5V the and Height inches) inches) inches) A-12 Technical Specifications
Sheet (C81264 (C81266 A4 to to feed: capacity to or the first seconds or sheets, types: such as and AC supply: DC the and Height inches) inches) inches) Unit (C81268 A3, B4, F4, A4, B5, International B5, A5, GLG, GLT, Exective, HLT to to the first with A4 or seconds or sheets with A4 or AC supply: DC the and Height inches) inches) inches) A5 Technical Specifications A-13
A5 Cartridge (S051035) to 35C to 95F) humidity: to RH Shelf life: months Life: to the following or and ratio The of with the type of If or text exceeding the A-14 Technical Specifications
Sign-off: Introduction to B-2 LJ4 B-3 International ISO B-18 ESC/P or FX B-19 International Character B-23 Characters with the ESC B-24 I239X B-24 EPSON GL/2 B-24 A5 B-1
A5 Introduction to of of these the international characters to each Normally, software and to the If writing or using software that to the following sections which to should which to with the which and which choose. B-2
LJ4 The following the LJ4 of the characters each included this chapter. typefaces ID ESC (includes another ECM94-1 ISO PsMath ISO MsPublishing Math-8 IBM-US IBM-DN McText VeInternational The other the following: Swedish, ANSI ASCII, UK, Spanish, HP JIS HP Spanish, Chinese, IRV, IBM and IBM Spanish. These of the the typeface. other typefaces A5 8U 0E 0N 1U 2N 5M 5N 5T 6J 6M 7J 8M 9E 9T 9U 10J 10U 11U 12J 12U 13J 14J 15U 17U 19M 19U 579L typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces SWA typefaces SWM B-3
A5 The and typefaces to those shown the below: SWC Incised SWC SWC Ribbon SWC SWC Audrey SWC SWC SWC SWM Dutch SWM SWC Gothic SWC Dutch SWC SWC B-4 Typefaces
(8U) ECM94-1 (0N) A5 B-5 Romon-8 ECM94-1
A5 (1U) ISO (2N) B-6 LIGAL
PsMath (5M) ISO(5N) A5 B-7 PsMath
A5 (5T) MsPublishing (6J) B-8 MsPublishing
(6M) (7J) A5 B-9
A5 Math-8M (9E) B-10 Math-8
(9T) (9U) A5 B-11
A5 (10J) IBM-US (10U) B-12 IBM-US
IBM-DN (11U) McText (12J) A5 B-13 IBM-DN
A5 (12U) VeInternational (13J) B-14
(14J) (15U) A5 B-15
A5 (17U) (19M) B-16
(19U) (579L) A5 B-17
A5 International ISO To the below, the characters the ANSI ASCII with the characters the below. ASCII ANSI ASCII (0U) (0D) (0F) HP (0G) ASCII (0K) (0S) (1D) UK (1E) French (1F) (1G) HP Spanish (1S) Chinese (2K) Spanish (2S) IRV (2U) Swedish (3S) (4S) IBM (5S) IBM Spanish (6S) B-18 5B 5C 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E
ESC/P or FX EPSON SWC EPSON EPSON EPSON Gothic SWC SWM Dutch SWM OCR ESC/P PC437 A5 PC BRASCII, PC B-19 PC437
A5 PC850 PC860 PC863 (Canadian-French) PC865 B-20 PC850, PC863,
PC857 PC852 (East BRASCII A5 B-21 PC857,
A5 characters the character B-22
International Character You of the following international character SelecType or the ESC command. when SelecType, the characters the the below the character Country ASCII USA UK Norway II America ESC/P only A5 5B 5C 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E B-23
A5 Characters with the ESC command To the characters the below, the ESC command. I239X I239X PC437, PC850, PC860, PC863, and PC865. to ESC/P or FX the section. EPSON SWC, EPSON EPSON Gothic, EPSON EPSON and EPSON EPSON GL/2 EPSON GL/2 the as those to the section B-24
Sign-off: C Command Summary (LJ4) Commands C-3 GL/2 commands C-7 ESC/P and FX C-9 ESC/P C-9 FX C-12 PJL Commands C-15 I239X Commands C-16 C-16 Text C-17 Functions C-18 AGM C-19 A5 C Command Summary C-1 C
A5 C the to the following the LJ-4 ESC/P EPSON LQ-570 FX EPSON FX-870/1170, or LX-100 GL/2 GL/2 graphics the following supported: PJL EJL EPSON This the commands these of the commands closely the or the however, the Additional information the of commands with these information to the following the Chapter or character the as ESC/P the as FX Chapter the as GL/2 C-2 Command Summary
(LJ4) This section the commands the LJ4 information commands, reference ESC of ESC Universal ESC%#X Long-edge offset ESC Short-edge (right) offset ESC Unit of ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Top ESC Text ESC ESC Right ESC Clear ESC Perforation ESC Motion Index (HMI) ESC Motion (VMI) ESC ESC A5 C Command Summary C-3
A5 C Cursor ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC &a#H ESC termination ESC ESC &f#S Font selection ESC Secondary ESC ESC (s#P Secondary ESC )s#P pitch ESC (s#H Secondary pitch ESC )s#H pitch ESC height ESC (s#V Secondary height ESC )s#V ESC (s#S Secondary ESC )s#S ESC (s#B Secondary ESC )s#B typeface family ESC (s#T Secondary typeface family ESC )s#T ESC Secondary ESC ESC ESC ESC C-4 Command Summary
Font Assign ID ESC Font and character ESC ESC ESC ESC Select with ID# ESC (#X Select secondary with ID# ESC )#X Soft creation Font ESC Download character ESC Character ESC Graphics ESC graphics ESC graphics ESC offset ESC ESC ESC graphics B) ESC graphics C) ESC height ESC ESC Select ESC Select ESC ESC Rectangle (PCL ESC ESC height (PCL ESC height ESC ESC A5 C Command Summary C-5
A5 C management/creation ID ESC ESC ESC reference ESC ID ESC ESC &f#X readback readback location type ESC *s#T readback location ESC *s#U readback ESC *s#I ESC memory ESC *s1M ESC hints End-of-line ESC &s#C functions ESC functions ESC PCL graphics switching PCL ESC %#A GL/2 ESC %#B GL/2 GL/2 anchor C-6 Command Summary
GL/2 commands PCL ESC %#A ESC FI Secondary FN or SB Transparency TR Screened vectors SV of NP AA AR three AT BZ relative BR PA PR PD PU three RT PE Circle CI RA relative RR Edge EA Edge ER WG Edge EW PM FP Edge EP A5 C Command Summary C-7
A5 C Character Select SS Select SA DI Relative DR character SI Relative character SR Character SL ES SD AD Character CF LO LB DT Character CP TD text DV and type LT LA PW selection WU Select SP SM type FT Anchor AC RF type UL and SC IW P1 and P2 IP P1 and P2 IR DF IN RO CO C-8 Command Summary
ESC/P and FX Commands This section the commands the ESC/P and FX ESC/P operation ESC loading/ejecting ESC EM feeding CR FF feed LF Select 1/8-inch ESC Select 1/6-inch ESC n/180-inch ESC n/360-inch ESC ESC ESC C ESC C inches ESC C ESC top/bottom ESC ESC right ESC A5 C Command Summary C-9
A5 C motion ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC HT ESC vertically VT inch ESC inch ESC Font selection Select typeface ESC Select pitch and ESC ESC Select ESC Select ESC Turn on/off ESC Select LQ or ESC Select ESC ESC Select ESC ESC ESC set/clear ESC Select Pitch ESC C-10 Command Summary
Font Select SI DC2 Select double-width SO Turn double-width on/off ESC double-width DC4 Turn double-height on/off ESC Select ESC ESC Select ESC Select ESC ESC Select ESC Turn on/off ESC Select character ESC Spacing intercharacter ESC SP ESC Character Assign character ESC Select character ESC international character ESC character ESC Copy ROM to RAM ESC Select ESC of ESC ESC as characters ESC Selection and of ESC Select graphic ESC graphics ESC A5 C Command Summary C-11
A5 C FX commands topic The following section and FX and LQ commands topic. ESC loading/ejecting ESC EM CR motion feed FF ESC C inches ESC C perforation ESC perforation ESC feed LF Select 1/8-inch ESC Select 7/72-inch ESC Select 1/6-inch ESC Select n/216-inch ESC n/216-inch ESC vertically VT ESC characters with the ESC C or ESC C0 commands), while FX might them. C-12 Command Summary
motion ESC ESC\ ESC right ESC HT ESC or ESC The and the ESC command. Select typeface family ESC ESC and character Select ESC Select ESC Turn on/off ESC Select SI DC2 Select double-width SO double-width DC4 Turn double-width on/off ESC Turn double-height on/off ESC A5 C Command Summary C-13
A5 C Font Select ESC ESC Select ESC ESC The ESC and ESC commands effects, combining the Select ESC ESC Select ESC ESC Turn on/off ESC Word intercharacter ESC SP Select character ESC Assign character ESC Select international character ESC Printable ESC ESC Characters characters ESC The appearance of characters using ESC slightly from FX Copy ROM to RAM ESC Select ESC Printable ESC Select graphics ESC Selection and of ESC C-14 Command Summary
PJL Commands This section the commands (PJL). information PJL, to the Technical Reference from COMMENT @PJL COMMENT [<CR>] <LF> DEFAULT @PJL DEFAULT [LPARM: [<CR>] <LF> DINQUIRE @PJL DINQUIRE [LPARM: [<CR>] <LF> ECHO @PJL ECHO [Words] [<CR>] <LF> ENTER @PJL ENTER LANGUAGE [<CR>] <LF> EOJ @PJL EOJ [NAME= [<CR>] <LF> INFO @PJL INFO only [<CR>] <LF> INITIALIZE @PJL INITIALIZE [<CR>] <LF> INQUIRE @PJL INQUIRE [LPARM: [<CR>] <LF> JOB @PJL JOB [NAME ***][START ***][END ***][<CR>] <LF> OPMSG @PJL OPMSG DISPLAY [<CR>] <LF> RDYMSG @PJL RDYMSG DISPLAY [<CR>] <LF> RESET @PJL RESET [<CR>] <LF> SET @PJL SET [LPARM: [<CR>] <LF> STMSG @PJL STMSG DISPLAY [<CR>] <LF> UEL <ESC>%-12345X USTATUS @PJL USTATUS [<CR>] <LF> USTATUSOFF @PJL USTATUSOFF [<CR>] <LF> PJL @PJL [<CR>] <LF> A5 C Command Summary C-15
A5 C I239X Commands This section the commands the I239X information these commands, reference Printable ESC C inches ESC C NUL perforation ESC perforation ESC ESC to 1/8-inch ESC to 7/72-inch ESC text ESC graphics or inch) ESC text inch) ESC Unit or inch) ESC ESC ESC ESC C-16 Command Summary
feeding/print motion CR LF FF vertically or inch) ESC ESC feed ESC BS SP HT VT inch) ESC top of ESC Text Font selection Select pitch DC2 Select pitch ESC: SI ESC SI ESC ESC ESC Select and pitch ESC[I Select or ESC Select character ESC Select character ESC Select ESC[T character ESC character from ESC A5 C Command C-17
A5 C Font Continuous overscore ESC_ Continuous ESC- ESC[- Select type ESC[@ double-width SO double-width ESC SO double-width DC4 Double-width ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Normal graphics ESC graphics ESC graphics ESC High-density graphics ESC Graphic ESC ESC ESC [P- Functions ESC [K input CAN C-18 Command Summary
function Select ESC [F AGM graphics or inch) ESC inch) ESC feeding/print motion or inch) ESC LF graphics ESC graphics ESC graphics ESC High-density graphics ESC Graphic ESC Select graphic ESC A5 C Command Summary C-19
Sign-off: with and Fonts D-2 D-3 More D-6 Downloading D-6 D-6 Selecting A5 with Fonts D-1
A5 Read this section to know about and of the To Font such The other than the selected with software. The exactly match what These of other than LJ4 or when trying to that the If and below to to them. and Fonts Fonts both the and the The which memory, the to which to text to the that printed. of the and The normally that specially the of or character. The however, that created from mathematical that the of each character. outline allows the to character the D-2 Working with Fonts
The distinction and as when which included with that both the and the The following the that The of the appear softwares using the with the (If of these The with the shown the following LJ4/GL2 Font Scalable HP Dutch SWC Italic, CG Italic, CG SWC Ribbon SWC SWC SWC Italic, Italic, Italic, Incised SWC Olive A5 Univers Working with D-3
A5 Font Scalable HP Italic, SWC SWC SWC SWM Dutch SWM Italic, New SWA More SWM SWC Italic, Gothic SWC Gothic Font HP selecting software choose the the HP ESC/P and FX Font Scalable EPSON EPSON SWC EPSON EPSON SWM* Dutch SWM* Gothic SWC ESC/P D-4 Working with
I239X To the the SelecType. that loaded. Press while the Press Item the appears. Press Font printed. A5 Font OCR Font EPSON SWC EPSON EPSON Gothic EPSON EPSON EPSON Font OCR with Fonts D-5
A5 More Fonts that downloaded, or to the they printed. Downloaded memory off the or otherwise If downloading memory. Downloading easy to their own The the option of the whenever or when to If clicking the the Once the applications. Selecting from the software software instructions. If text to the directly from DOS or software that include selection, with the Remote instructions, Chapter Selecting the Remote recommended. Selecting from software and selection from software the selection from the Remote D-6 with
Sign-off: of SelecType A5 A5 of SelecType E-1
A5 A5 Switching SelecType The following the and options SelecType. KEY Pressing the displays the Pressing the displays the This only with option. E-2 of SelecType
A5 A5 of SelecType E-3
A5 A5 E-4 of SelecType
DR, A5 Sign-off: ASCII American Information of assigning to characters and The of computers, and software. feed which each (CR) (LF) The of displayed and memory character of numbers, and (characters inch) of the of fixed-width text characters. or that when the turned or initialized. inch The of inch of The higher the of the higher the To information from the to the that the memory from such as inch. The of software that commands from the commands the known as the
DR, A5 The of the where the and to the fixed-width whose characters the amount of the of the character. the the amount of as the of characters and that typographic and family The of and of halftone that of The together to or spaced to or white the Newspaper photographs of halftones. The photosensitive and supply of The of the to its of interface The the and the interface character or and interface that oriented the This that than high and useful spreadsheets. memory The of the that to information. information and to the operates. Information that to the from the (such as memory temporarily. RAM and ROM
to the which characters This this or with the text turned whose mathematically, allowing to or smoothly PCL The built the photoconductor of the that pitch of the of characters inch fixed-width The height of as measured from the top of the character to the of the lowest. typographic of to of inch. that oriented upright the (as to which oriented the This the or of operating commands that from the and acted existing such as the HP whose characters amounts of the of the character. the than the lowercase RAM Access Memory (RAM) where temporary information Remote software to to including quality, and DR, A5
DR, A5 To refresh the memory and the that permanently the memory. of the and clarity of the or measured inch. that smooths the of or ROM Memory (ROM) where information SelecType of the that allow to and of the function from the The that off the of character. that the and other information. of and characters. assigned to character that Apple and Microsoft Corporation. that easily resized or
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. Phone: EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. October
IMPORTANT NOTICE the Interface with EPL-N2000PS The EPL-N2000PS with interfaces to EtherNet or LocalTalk Networks. shipped, the EPL-N2000PS the EtherNet interface Should to to the EtherNet interface MUST to of the LocalTalk interface. To the EtherNet interface and the interface please follow the instructions reference to Please this with reference EPSON EPLN2000PS-EUL01