C A5 COVER.FM face-down cover MP cover Sign-off: optional Capacity Unit AC switch front Ethernet interface interface interface optional Unit optional Unit
Sign-off: rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information contained Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Fontware, and Dutch of Bitstream Inc. CG and CG of Inc. Univers of Linotype AG and/or its Olive of Olive. of Monotype Corporation of Industries (UK) and New of Monotype Corporation HP and HP of Company. and of Incorporated, which Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, A5 FRONT.FM C Reference
C A5 FRONT .FM Declaration of Conformity SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, Representative: EPSON EUROPE B.V. Prof. J. H. AT The that the Product: Product XYB-1 Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN IEC IEC IEC Directive 73/23/EEC: EN November H. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. Sign-off: According to ISO/IEC and EN
Sign-off: Started The EPSON EPL-N4000 high performance and with of features. To with please: the information, and instructions this section. to and to the to the instructions software. the included to the front of the the Reference this clearing and the to this Reference information about C A5 INTRO.FM Started
C A5 INTRO.FM About This This the following information. Chapter with the EPL-N4000, information operation. information about Chapter the of the and to the Chapter instructions the to the options. SelecType, the SelecType the this chapter from software. Chapter Troubleshooting and helpful information what to and instructions to A, Technical Specifications, technical information about and B, the each with of the characters each C, Command Summary, the commands that to the This advanced users only. D, with the to follow to the with E, of SelecType the SelecType and the which them. This useful when SelecType. Started Sign-off:
Sign-off: About the advanced of printers. It the (LJ4) allowing to the of software that HP The inch) which smooths the of both text and graphics. This clean, professional appearance. MicroGray with when graphics. This to the software as instructed The included the The ECP Microsoft ECP high-speed and bidirectional with The with of that to ease of and high-quality The features below. High-quality of to the professional and its C A5 INTRO.FM Started
C A5 INTRO.FM of The with selection of and LJ4 to with the to professional-looking You reduce the amount of toner rough using the Memory The with MB of memory, which expanded to to MB. Interface The with built-in bidirectional interface and built-in Ethernet interface. You optional interface The (C83232 ROM instructions included this Reference the The the of the which country. Started Sign-off:
Sign-off: Sources The Capacity Unit (C81303 which includes and allows to to sheets of with the MP (option) (option) (option) Envelope The Envelope (C81307 of This option with the MP Unit The Unit (C81304 both of The Unit (C81305 as or capacity This to The (C81306 to sheets with the with the these options to (option) Unit (option) C A5 INTRO.FM Started
C A5 INTRO.FM NERGY TAR The International ENERGY STAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused About You to There three these (software that or the shortcuts that allow to SelecType that allow to than the If the that with the to the If the through the the OneTouch and SelecType. Started Sign-off: ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency.
Sign-off: the to easily and to other than their software and the to You the through command, or choosing operating or group. that software the information. OneTouch the OneTouch the to when software or The OneTouch the to basic from the however, that software or the OneTouch information. SelecType the SelecType the to when software or SelecType options than the OneTouch to those SelecType information. C A5 INTRO.FM Started
C A5 INTRO.FM Information This as Class the U.S. of Health and Services (DHHS) Radiation Performance to the Radiation Health and of This that the radiation. Since the completely within protective housings and covers, the from the phase of operation. The EPL-N4000 which There of from the the operated to the instructions the provided. the completely within protective the from the phase of operation. Warning: of or or performance of other than those specified this This The of the with of to Started Sign-off:
Sign-off: CDRH regulations The Devices and Health (CDRH) of the U.S. Food and Administration implemented regulations products products the United States. The shown below with the CDRH regulations and attached to products the United States. Warning: of or performance of other than those this Class as IEC specifications. The shown below attached countries where required. C A5 INTRO.FM Started
C A5 INTRO.FM as by-product of the process. only when the The recommended as time-weighted hour The EPL-N4000 than hours of closed of To the of to than of with of the location The should located that the and heat Not blown directly the directly of the building whenever Started Sign-off:
Sign-off: Precautions This The following of whenever the cover. with other of to follow these to operation. the specified the cover A. If the these CAUTION the the instructed to this force the Although the to rough to scratch the of the the from the the clean, smooth Also, touching the from permanently its and the or its C A5 INTRO.FM Started
C A5 INTRO.FM Protect the light-sensitive from to light. exposing the to light than necessary. the protective cover. Overexposing the abnormally or light to appear the and reduce the service of the the clean, smooth to or the It the toner and with least hour from cool to Warning: of fire, as they and of them to Started Sign-off:
Sign-off: To the the to sunlight, or (such as locations to high humidity, or or humidity. Also, to the of the reach of H05VV-F H05VVH2- GSGV, (A) ISO Instructions of these instructions operating Follow and instructions the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning and or cleaners. this the or and the and the back or or them. the or other or C A5 INTRO.FM Started
C A5 INTRO.FM the type of indicated the If of the type of or If to the the to outlet repaired or replaced. where the might that other outlet that the this of through as they or which fire or shock. of the as specifically this to service this yourself. or covers that Not to servicing those to service the from the and servicing to service the following A. If B. If to or C. If normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions of other and technician to the to operation. D. If or the Started Sign-off:
Sign-off: E. If performance, indicating service. F. the or or United of options EPSON (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products EPSON (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to rating and that the to the supply The the to this with the following and yellowEarth BrownLive If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or the Earth C A5 INTRO.FM Started
C A5 INTRO.FM The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. If to the the or with of the and and Notes followed to to to Notes information and useful the of Started Sign-off:
Sign-off: Chapter with the EPL-N4000 About Turning the Choosing Colored Operations. Loading the MP Loading the Selecting the Operations Loading C A5 LOADING.FM with the EPL-N4000
C A5 LOADING.FM About Turning the off the least seconds turning the appears the While the On light While the light or Choosing the of or type of the EPSON the of type of of purchasing or You of including and overhead The of from the MP This section each feed, which to and to and The type of the of The smoother the the smoother and supply its wrapper. the or Following selecting and other the with the EPL-N4000 Sign-off:
Sign-off: or the MP and to these To the from with that completely cover the that the the of top of of If the to the when off, the of thicknesses. If the too light, the the or the thickness and characteristics and feeding of Colored You as as it the shown the specifications. however, to which clear or coating You overhead and they with or these or the MP C A5 LOADING.FM with the EPL-N4000
C A5 LOADING.FM Operations This section covers to the Chapter information optional and trays. Loading the MP The MP and of and to of or of thick. This when that to the below to with the Loading A4, B5, A5, Government Half- International B5, A3, B4, F4, Government To A, Specifications. the optional Envelope when of other than International B5. To the MP follow the below. with the EPL-N4000 Sign-off:
Sign-off: the MP the of the the necessary. of and to its With the the the the the below the arrows the the to match the of to the to the otherwise, the properly. Select the and type the Press the appears the then the Item appears. Press to the then appears to the active Then the appears and the to the type. Press the On to to C A5 LOADING.FM with the EPL-N4000
C A5 LOADING.FM Loading the and and of These that or amounts. Each allowing to of sheets. to the below to with the the Loading A4, A5, A3, Government Loading A4, A3, Government To A, Specifications. You using the To follow the below. with the EPL-N4000 Sign-off:
Sign-off: the that to While the outward as as While the the outward as as C A5 LOADING.FM with the EPL-N4000
C A5 LOADING.FM of and to its edges. the the the corners of the the arrow the to higher than the arrow the and to match the of to the to the otherwise, the properly. with the EPL-N4000 Sign-off:
Sign-off: the with the and the to the that loaded. the back the C A5 LOADING.FM with the EPL-N4000
C A5 LOADING.FM Selecting the the A4 to loaded. If of the of the following the Choose the the information the the SelecType On the the appears the Then Item appears. Press to the then the button to appears to the activated with the EPL-N4000 Sign-off:
Sign-off: Operations this section to learn to of to or to using offset Loading the MP to with below) of to or below) of to of the following the of the the the Width, Length, and Unit Then OK to Access the SelecType using the SelecType and the to CTM C A5 LOADING.FM with the EPL-N4000
C A5 LOADING.FM You the This helpful when to the each printed. To the follow the below. Access the If the as instructed The included this the the the through the of and the that matches the the or of the the the to match the from The shows and the selected Press On to The of and printed. Press On to the of necessary. this every to printed. with the EPL-N4000 Sign-off:
Sign-off: The offset allows to or of their the as shown below. The offset the following A3, A4, GLG, A5, Select the offset of the following the Select the information the the the SelecType information selecting the offset with the SelecType The offset only with the face-down If the optional Unit C A5 LOADING.FM with the EPL-N4000
C A5 LOADING.FM with the EPL-N4000 Sign-off:
Sign-off: Chapter The lights the OneTouch OneTouch OneTouch OneTouch C A5 CONPANE.FM
A5 C The This chapter shows to the with effectively. The OneTouch The operations. The of three lights, and buttons. The and lights the of the and the buttons to and software these The shows the following: such as indicating the such as or to correct. SelecType options, such as which allow to selection, and other Sign-off:
Sign-off: of and and information SelecType, Chapter SelecType. lights On when and the printed. Flashing the the (the section of memory this light off. Flashes when or At the or appears the This light, to the Source when the OneTouch OneTouch the OneTouch C A5 CONPANE.FM On On when the indicating the and the off this light off. The light flashes as the switches and off-line
A5 C OneTouch This light, to the when the OneTouch OneTouch the OneTouch SelecType This light, to the when the SelecType information SelecType, SelecType. On SelecType (ALT) Item On Switches the and off-line Sign-off:
Sign-off: SelecType Selects OneTouch or (ALT) SelecType Press this once to OneTouch Press this to OneTouch Press this once to SelecType Pressing this while SelecType the to SelecType information. ALT Item, or Selects the OneTouch this OneTouch or or selects the SelecType SelecType Press this when the to SelecType Item Selects the OneTouch this OneTouch or or selects the function within the the SelecType Selects the OneTouch option this OneTouch or or selects the within the the SelecType C A5 CONPANE.FM Advances the or shown to the each group. If with the ALT SelecType the shown or to its
A5 C Selects the OneTouch option this OneTouch or or the currently shown the as when SelecType Press this when the to the the off and the memory light the and clears the the to or cleared. If the light flashing, the or the and the as and If with the ALT the Sign-off:
Sign-off: the OneTouch The OneTouch of the SelecType they and to The these and SelecType reflected each other. OneTouch To OneTouch the SelecType (repeatedly necessary) the light to Source indicating the The OneTouch Source, Feed, and shown the this Source whether the from the MP the optional Envelope or from optional If the containing the that matches the the used. the or off. the sheet whether the or C A5 CONPANE.FM
A5 C OneTouch To OneTouch the SelecType (repeatedly necessary) the light to indicating the OneTouch The OneTouch MP and shown the this Turns the or off. smoother and text and graphics. If this the with the sheet from the SelecType the of to printed, to MP to the the MP If the optional Envelope the the Envelope instead. Turns the or off. the toner the characters. The characters outlined the right and OneTouch To OneTouch of the as and the located the to to through the options. You through options holding ALT (SelecType) while the the to Sign-off:
Sign-off: Chapter and Capacity Unit Unit. Envelope Unit. Memory ROM Optional interfaces the Capacity Unit Unit. Envelope Unit. C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM You to of the following options. The Capacity Unit (C81303 directly beneath the and increases feeding of to A3. Supports the following A3, A4, GLG, or A4, The the of the which country. The Unit (C81304 Prints both of Supports the following A3, A4, GLG, HLT, GLT, F4 The Unit (C81305 Can as or capacity of sheets. Supports the following A3, A4, A5, GLG, HLT, GLT, F4 The (C81306 Ejects with of sheets. The Envelope (C81307 to the below. This option with the MP Monarch, DL, C5 Sign-off:
Sign-off: Optional interface that to the EPL-N4000 with or interface. Optional memory memory. Memory The (C83232 ROM option, the with the option as as the instructions this chapter. and To option to the EPL-N4000, follow the this section. Instructions the options included. Capacity Unit This section to the Capacity Unit. the Capacity Unit Turn off the the from the interface from the interface C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM the with the Capacity Unit. the that the the and other protective the the of the match the items the included the from the and them the Capacity Unit of the with or and the Sign-off:
Sign-off: the casters the of the their At the back of the the the C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM the with or The about with or the the locations indicated below. right each of the corners with those of the then the securely the Sign-off:
Sign-off: corners of the the as as Then slightly, and completely and the included of and screws. C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM the with the screws as shown below. that the of the back the then and the protective Sign-off:
Sign-off: and the protective to the and the protective the from the Capacity Unit the the back of the interface the off. its Turn the C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM To that the Capacity Unit correctly, If and the the connecting the Capacity Unit to the securely. Unit This allows to both of automatically. To the follow the instructions below. the Unit Turn off the the from the interface from the interface Unpack the Unit and protective the and the protective otherwise, the properly. Sign-off:
Proof Sign-off: the Unit with both and the of the the to the matching the the MP the to the mounting hear click. the the right to the other C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM the the of the and the the of the the as shown below. the Unit clicks. Sign-off:
Sign-off: removing the protective cover from the cord, the of the Unit the the back of the the turned off. the Turn the To that the Unit correctly, If the the the the Unit to the connected securely. Removing the Unit To the Unit, follow the instructions below. Turn off the C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM the from the interface from the interface Removing the of Unit from its the DM cover its Sign-off:
Sign-off: completely the cover, slightly. Unhook the the of the and the Unit. While the the right as shown below. C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM the Unit with both interface the turned off. the Turn the and whether the optional Unit the (without the Unit Follow the instructions below the optional Unit Sign-off:
Sign-off: Turn off the the from the interface from the interface Unpack the and protective the of the match the items the included the with the shown below to the C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM and the screws included with the as shown below. the to the with the screws. Sign-off:
Sign-off: the top of the around the to the to the the C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM interface the turned off. the Turn the On the to SelecType To that the correctly, If the the try the or clearing to temporarily the A. To temporarily the and Sign-off:
Sign-off: the (with the Unit Follow the instructions below both the and the optional Unit. Turn off the the from the interface from the interface Unpack the and protective the of the match the items the included the plate the optional Unit locations to Then the C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM the cover to the using the screws included with the the as shown below, to the the Sign-off:
Sign-off: To the the both of the to the the interface the turned off. the Turn the On the to SelecType C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM To that the correctly, If the the You the DM cover without the The to sheets. the (without the Unit installed) To the completely from the follow the instructions below. Turn off the the from the interface from the interface Sign-off:
Sign-off: Unhook the and slightly. Then from the and the screws as shown below. C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM the from the interface the off. the Turn the to the (with the Unit To the completely from the follow the instructions below. Turn off the the from the interface from the interface Sign-off:
Sign-off: Turn the and the from the cover. C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM and the screws to the cover. interface the turned off. the Turn the to Envelope To the Envelope the MP first. Sign-off:
Sign-off: the Envelope Follow the instructions below. Turn off the the from the interface from the interface Unpack the Envelope and protective the MP slightly and The MP easily; force to from the the Envelope with both C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM it straight the clicks interface the turned off. the Turn the To that the Envelope correctly, If the the Removing the Envelope the or clearing to temporarily the Envelope cover A. the Envelope or the MP If neither of them the appears the To the Envelope follow the instructions below. Sign-off:
Sign-off: Turn off the the from the interface from the interface Slightly the Envelope and The Envelope easily; force to from the the MP straight the clicks C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM interface the turned off. the the then Turn the Unit This as or To follow the instructions below. the Unit Turn off the the from the interface from the interface the from the top. Without the Unit, other and protective from the Sign-off:
Sign-off: the the and the that fits the right of the Capacity Unit the the with the the right of the the the Capacity Unit, then the attached. of the included screws shown the the and the protective cover from the then and to the to the of the C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM the top the protective cover from the top With the shown below, the of the top the and both the clicks the protective from the top Sign-off: this the with the MP from the MP
Sign-off: the Unit the four from the then the the Unit of the and the as shown below. the protective the to the C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM the Unit the shown below. the the with (the cover and the of the arm). Attempting the cover or the the and the the Unit with the of the top as shown below. Sign-off: top
Sign-off: the Unit the plate the Unit slightly higher than the top of the the top the Unit the the top as shown below. C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM the Unit the fits completely the the the of the and with the the Unit the protective as shown below. Sign-off:
Sign-off: cover and the from the To the the the of the the then from the Unit. the the of Unit. To this, the with the the top then the the hollow the of Unit. clicks. to the Unit attaching the as C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM cover and protective and the Unit. the its the the top and Sign-off:
Sign-off: the of the Unit the the back of the interface the turned off. the Turn the To that the Unit correctly, the the while the If the the the connecting the Unit to the connected securely. the Unit Follow the instructions below. Turn off the the from the C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM interface from the interface the of the Unit from its the back of the the its of the top and Sign-off:
Sign-off: Unlocking the Unit the the back the and the as shown below. the of the and from the C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM cover and the to the of the To the as shown below, and slightly clicks. the Unit the Unit the below. the the with (the cover and the of the arm). Doing the or the Sign-off: top
Sign-off: the completely from the the top the from the the top C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM If the Unit temporarily or the as shown below; otherwise the the the of both and the top Sign-off:
Sign-off: interface the off. the Turn the Memory memory both increase memory to MB. You to memory graphics- the Unit with the Unit, or You purchase memory from the memory purchase the following Synchronous RAM Memory (SD RAM DIMM) type, with SPD Capacity of or MB Access of or higher or Height of than C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM memory Turn off the Warning: To shock, to memory the turned off. the from the interface from the interface the Unit the Unit the top cover of the with Sign-off:
Sign-off: the screws and the To the screws, them completely from the Warning: touching that the shield cover. They the memory located as shown below. C A5 OPTIONS.FM SLOT S0 SLOT S1 SLOT S2
C A5 OPTIONS.FM the each of SLOT S1 outward. the memory SLOT S1 with the following then SLOT S1. apply too force. At the right the of the memory the With the other hand, the of the memory the to the memory securely. To another memory SLOT S2, through Sign-off:
Sign-off: the to its the of the plate the of the with the top of the the Tighten the screws that Gently the top cover clicks To that the memory correctly, C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM Removing memory Follow the to the memory the each of SLOT S1 or S2 outward to release the memory SLOT S0 should memory both of the memory and the Follow through to the Sign-off:
Sign-off: ROM Follow the instructions below to the ROM (C83232 the ROM Follow through ROM located as shown below. the ROM with the following then the ROM SLOT the Follow through to the C A5 OPTIONS.FM SLOT SLOT
C A5 OPTIONS.FM the ROM Follow through the the of the SLOT housing the ROM to the the the ROM and of the Follow through to the Optional interfaces This section to the following optional interface cards. To to Ethernet optional Ethernet Card (C82362 /C82363 To or interface to of the following: 32KB Interface Card C82307 32KB Interface Card C82310 To to IBM or of the following: Coax Interface Card C82314 Interface Card C82315 Sign-off:
Sign-off: The and each interface. Since the built-in interface active, this interfaces and or interface. to and the switches the active The interface with the following IBM AS-400, and with the EPSON interface, the of the following IBM and and IPDS), and and D01, D02. The interface allows the to connected to the following IBM and and To to GPIB the GPIB Interface Card (C82313 interface Follow the below to optional interface Turn off the Warning: To shock, to the turned off. the from the C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM Turn the its back the screws that the interface cover and the cover. With the of the optional interface facing the interface the of the interface as shown below. the to the interface with the screws. To that the interface correctly, Sign-off:
Sign-off: the the options, the instructions below. the option or options that the Option Capacity Unit to the when to the Capacity Unit. the selection from to software information. You using the Capacity Unit. Follow the instructions Loading the and match those and These each sheets and helpful often and amounts. They the following A4, the included with them to the each C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM Unit The Unit to both of and the following A3, A4, HLT, GLG, To the Unit, the function or SelecType. You or with the Unit. The to sheets with the this option to the To the to SelecType. To the from the the function software that to from the Sign-off:
Sign-off: the with the Unit the DM cover without the The to sheets. the without the Unit temporarily the the or clearing To temporarily the and C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM Envelope The Envelope to the following DL, C5 the optional Envelope when the otherwise, the properly and You International B5 with the MP the Envelope with their and facing as shown below. the to match the and the the to them correctly. Sign-off:
Sign-off: to the to the otherwise, the properly. Unit This optional with each with capacity of three as or capacity to the of the You or with the Unit. the too and should the and inform other users of the the the SelecType the or the Remote C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM the The allows each to assigned to or the (the first from the top) assigned to to as the when to this users know who which To write the of each user to the the the clear cover to the as You the Unit as those this of each each To than the the following as The expands the of the ejecting of each This allows to than of to thousand sheets. You least MB of memory to this If the amount of memory printed. Sign-off:
Sign-off: as The Unit function as with the face-down This allows to The offset with the Unit. To sheets from the C A5 OPTIONS.FM
C A5 OPTIONS.FM Sign-off:
Sign-off: Chapter SelecType to SelecType SelecType. SelecType SelecType Network AUX LJ4 GL2 PS3 ESCP2 and FX I239X C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType
C A5 SELEC.FM to SelecType SelecType software or including the following: the and selecting the IES Emulation Switching) Specifying and the interface Choosing the of the memory to the following when using SelecType of SelecType the OneTouch and Application commands to the that SelecType If the software To the SelecType of SelecType included E. Several SelecType that with software or with the Remote operating information, SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: SelecType You directly items using the OneTouch information, the OneTouch To SelecType To the Item, or To To item Item To To appears. Press ALT to or E, of SelecType showing the that SelecType displayed. To SelecType On or SelecType C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType
C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType This section of the SelecType and the each of the SelecType Items LJ4 Font ESCP2 Font FX Font I239X Font PS3 PS3 Font Network Sheet AUX* Source, A4, Feed, MP ENV MP LC1 LC2 LC3 LC4 LC5 Top B*, B*, Protect, Interface, Count, SelecType Network IPAddress, IP IP IP IP SM SM SM SM GW GW GW GW AUX LJ4 Font Source, Font Pitch, Source CR Function, LF Function GL2 to PS3 SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: Items ESCP2 Pitch, T.Margin, Text, CG Country, CR, LF, FX Pitch, T.Margin, Text, CG Country, CR, LF, I239X Pitch, T.Margin, Text, CR, LF, Graphics, CharacterSet These Items appear when the option From this internal which includes information the and This allows to the each interface. of these with software. the software as they the the the MP and optional Envelope type selecting the type the MP or through and of the optional Capacity Unit.) This allows to operations such as the and C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType
C A5 SELEC.FM This allows to the to and the toner counter. These the and the when interface. Network This allows to the internal AUX This allows to the optional interface LJ4 These the and when LJ4 GL2 These only when the GL2 PS3 These when the optional information, to ESCP2 These when the ESC/P FX These when the FX SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: I239X These only when the I239X SelecType this section of the the SelecType the following type factory Press Item to or then to There to these the such as which printed. PS3 Prints the features. this option to whether correctly. LJ4 Font ESCP2 Font FX Font I239X Font PS3 Font Prints of the selected when Network Prints the internal C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType
C A5 SELEC.FM this to the You specify each interface; other each Since each its own options, the LJ4, ESCP2, FX, GL2, or I239X as necessary. The options the interface. Item LJ4, ESCP2, FX, I239X, PS3*, GL2 Network LJ4, ESCP2, FX, I239X, PS3*, GL2 AUX LJ4, ESCP2, FX, I239X, PS3*, GL2 when the The the from within software. The software SelecType items the directly through the OneTouch the OneTouch Item Source MP, ENV*, LC1, LC2, LC3*, LC4*, LC5* A4 A3, A5, B4, B5, LT, HLT, LGL, GLT, GLG, B, EXE, F4, MON, C10, DL, C5, IB5, CTM A4 On to to SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: Item On On On Edge Short Edge On These appear when the option Source whether the from the MP the optional Envelope the or from optional If from the containing that matches You this directly from OneTouch the You this directly from OneTouch A4 to A4 when from DOS Selecting this the right and from to C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType
C A5 SELEC.FM whether the or This You this directly from OneTouch the the optional or Unit. the of to printed, to You this directly from OneTouch Allows to You this directly from OneTouch Switches the and to the This when GL2, ESCP2, FX, or I239X or off. This item when the Unit SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: the of the This item only when the Unit whether from the front or back of the This item only when the Unit each of when to the this the first and of or ejected to slightly locations the face-down This repeated, each of or offset from the this to the and type each Item MP A4 A3, A5, B4, B5, LT, HLT, LGL, GLT, GLG, EXE, F4, IB5 ENV C5 DL, C10, MON MP Preprinted, Prepunched, Bond, Recycled, Color, Trnsprncy, LC1 Preprinted, Prepunched, Bond, Recycled, Color, Trnsprncy, LC2 Preprinted, Prepunched, Bond, Recycled, Color, Trnsprncy, C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType
C A5 SELEC.FM Item LC3 Preprinted, Prepunched, Bond, Recycled, Color, Trnsprncy, LC4 Preprinted, Prepunched, Bond, Recycled, Color, Trnsprncy, LC5 Preprinted, Prepunched, Bond, Recycled, Color, Trnsprncy, These appear when the option MP to the the MP You the MP directly from OneTouch Allows to the the Envelope MP the type selecting the MP LC1 LC2 LC3 (option) LC4 (option) LC5 (option) the type selecting the or optional SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: Item On On Top B* B* On On Protect On On These appear when the option smoother and and graphics. You the directly from OneTouch the or off. turned the toner the of characters. The characters outlined the right and You directly from OneTouch C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType
C A5 SELEC.FM the to or Increasing the increases toner If to the Top to the of the the that the the of the to the of the the This useful when the feed that the the of the the the back when both this the the back where expected. This item when the Unit the the back when both this the the back where expected. This item when the Unit SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: Selects whether Turning this item the to the the the specified of This of toner that the properly. this item off, the the to of when of the following or Overflow. this option off, the to Protect memory as to You to Protect If the to ON and This reduces the amount of memory to the allow to Protect usually to You to increase memory memory to the Protect the memory which to the amount of graphics when the reaches the memory allowing to printed. this the of graphics reduced. C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType
C A5 SELEC.FM Item Interface Network, AUX* seconds English ITALIANO, ESPAOL, SVENSKA, SUOMI, E****F On Count to SelecType These appear only when the option Interface whether the through the interfaces or through the selected. the of the when and received. this the searches other reducing the to the fixing heater the this the as as it then and ready to about seconds rated SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: the the and the the amount of toner the E****F E*** E** E* Turn this the optional If ON the though physically the this the to the effective. To the the and SelecType buttons Alternatively, off the then seconds, back the the On light when the Selects the the optional Unit. If to the Unit, and inform other users of the to these C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType
C A5 SELEC.FM this the to the effective. To the the and SelecType buttons Alternatively, off the then seconds, back the the On light when the Count the of this SelecType the SelecType and them to the SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: Item Normal ECP, Normal the of the ACKNLG the or this option to the about this option to Normal, the about or bidirectional the amount of memory to and If to memory allocated If to memory allocated The Normal this the to the effective. To the the and SelecType buttons Alternatively, off the then seconds, back the the On light when the C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType
C A5 SELEC.FM Network These items these while to the Item DHCP, PING IP to IP to IP to IP to SM to SM to SM to SM to GW to GW to GW to GW to Normal, these the to the effective. To the the and SelecType buttons Alternatively, off the then seconds, back the the On light when the SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: AUX Item Normal the amount of memory to and If to memory allocated If to memory The Normal these the to the effective. To the the and SelecType buttons Alternatively, off the then seconds, back the the On light when the LJ4 Item FontSource Download, ROM A*, ROM B* Font to Pitch Height IBM-US ECM94-1, ISO, ISO, IBM-DN, MsPublishin, Math-8, PsMath, VeMath, UK, ANSI ASCII, Spanish, C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType
C A5 SELEC.FM Item Source CR Function CR CR+LF LF Function CR CR+LF These appear only when the option These appear the country of purchase. If the HP software, should using software. The software the LJ4 FontSource the Font the the Pitch the pitch the and fixed- pitch. You from to CPI, of CPI. This item appear the FontSource or Font Height the height the and You from to of This item appear the FontSource or Font SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: the If the selected FontSource and Font the the FontSource and the Font with the the of the selected and This (VMI) and the VMI the This that the or the the based the VMI. Source locations where with ROM to CR Function, LF Function These functions included users of operating such as GL2 The EPSON GL/2 allowing to software which This the and LJ4GL2 while LJ4GL2 The EPSON GL/2 of the HP-GL commands and includes the commands found GL/2 as as commands. Item LJ4GL2 A0, A1, A2, A3 Corner C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType
C A5 SELEC.FM Item Round, through the GL/2 operation (HP or LJ4GL2 (HP GL/2 the output from the software. The reduced to the the whether the of the from the or the of the Allows to choose which then the thickness the through The LJ4GL2 and while the through the which the which SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: through Allows to the thickness of the to the There the LJ4GL2 and the which the thickness. the GL/2 You to the the to they match the trying to selection): HP-GL/2 or HP-GL thickness origin: or Corner offers LJ4GL2 offers and If to the first switch the then the the or SelecType. or the RAM (such as when the PS3 This only the optional C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType
C A5 SELEC.FM ESCP2 and FX This allows to which the when ESCP2 or FX The items both specifically otherwise. Item Font T, S, H, OCR A, OCR Pitch Prop. On T.Margin inch Text Italic, PcNordic, Country USA Germany, UK, Italy, Norway, LatinAmeric, CR On LF On Light, (or the character with whether or A4 selected SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: Font the which Pitch the pitch (the spacing) of the pitch, measured (characters inch), or choose spacing. or off. T.Margin the from the top of the to the of the first The measured inches. Text the this option, to inch). If the or T.Margin the to the each CG the character option to the graphics character or the The graphics graphic characters corners, areas, international characters, characters, and mathematical If the the of the character as characters. Country this option to of the international International character B-26 of the characters each countrys C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType
C A5 SELEC.FM CR This whether the carriage-return/ (CR-LF) whenever the the right If this off, the characters the right and character. This function software applications. LF If this option to the line-feed (LF) with each (CR). If this to On line-feed command with each carriage-return. to On text If this to or Light the to the graphics with the commands. If the high, and Light the If the the to This that This reduce the of the printed, and when graphics. Selects whether the slashed or unslashed This distinguishing and when SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: I239X I239X IBM commands. information of the and the below, to the section. Item Font Gothic, Pitch T.Margin inch Text CR On LF On Graphics On Light (or the character with CharacterSet whether or A4 selected. the character Character the characters and The based the selected character Graphics the Graphics option or off. The OFF Character Selects character or C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType
C A5 SELEC.FM SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting and Introduction Preventing and Clearing Quality Option Other and the Cartridge Quality Enhanced MicroGray the Cleaning the Cleaning cover A. Cleaning the Transporting the the C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM Introduction This chapter information necessary to the It includes information included of the and warning shown the Preventing and To feed or this of corrective higher-quality that too thin or rough. of and to its that too the to the that the and freely. the amount of the of or with the of the top of the with arrow the of the Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Proof Sign-off: Clearing appears the where occurring, such as the below instructions clearing each or indicated the The the cleared. The shows to four or the Other where occurring shown the indicated DM MP ENV C A5 TROUBLE.FM C Troubleshooting and LC5 LC4 LC1 LC2 LC3
C A5 TROUBLE.FM or (LC3 of option) This that occurring or appears the optional Capacity Unit the indicated or the or the of from the its the Then the the the and below the using the and that the specifications this the Clear other that indicated the Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: that, the or completely the indicated sheets that the the completely to back its with (or feeding. The reprinted. C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM This that there the MP the the MP outwards. the from the and or the of the Then the the MP and below the the and that the specifications this Clear other indicated the that, the completely the MP Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: sheets that the the and the This that there cover A. the of the If the optional Unit cover DM first, then cover A. If the optional Envelope the Unit. Warning: the the indicated the cover A. the C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM the toner the the the toner off when the If toner clothing, off with If the to the gear cover shown below. the and repeatedly to feed the back cover A. Warning: the the indicated the cover A. Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: If necessary, the front cover to the and the path, and then the If another the front cover, then cover A. the Unit, then the Envelope these the cleared completely, the reprinted. If the another there. C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM or (C of option) This that there or C. the indicated cover (B or C of the the cover. If another the cover. the cleared completely, the reprinted. If the another clear the there. Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: or (LC4 and LC5 both of option) This that there optional or the indicated or or the of the Then the the and below the the and that the specifications this If the the C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM Clear other that indicated the that, the or completely and both the and as as they that the Warning: to of the the and the back the the cleared completely, the reprinted. (ENV option) This that there the optional Envelope Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: the with the the of the Then the the they and below the the and that the specifications this Clear other indicated the that, the completely the that the the and the C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM (D of option) This that occurring of cover D, or the optional Unit. of the optional Unit. or the Unit. If other cover D. Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: the and the cleared completely, the reprinted. If the another clear the there. (DM of option) This that there cover DM, or the optional Unit. If the optional Envelope the Unit. cover DM of the Unit. C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM the cover DM. If another cover DM. If the Envelope the cleared completely, the reprinted. If the another there. Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: Quality or background the the or the SelecType Clean the the with clean, and free cloth. Cleaning the Clean internal with only character There with the the from to and then If this the the as the Cartridge or white appear or the as the Cartridge the from to and or to the or as the Cartridge Then to the C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM the from to to the and the of with clean, cloth. Clean the the clean, and lint-free cloth. Clean internal with character If the the as the Cartridge or to the The higher the the the the or You the type of If the of too rough, characters appear or Smooth, high-quality Choosing and Specifications A-2 information choosing Completely If the SelecType option the the that the amount of toner E*F the Cartridge that the as the Cartridge Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: The with software or interface If to the with the Turn off the and Printed light or the using the or the SelecType or to the The higher the the the the or the from to to the and then If the the as the Cartridge The Turn off the the OneTouch or SelecType too The incorrect. the the or the SelecType If the the as the Cartridge C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM Non-printed of the the path. the and then the of the lint-free cloth. Cleaning the information. Warning: the the indicated the cover A. Option from the optional Capacity Unit. selected the software. There the with that the properly as the Capacity Unit to with too of The of sheets or sheets the of Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: with memory and the Overflow appears. The Protect the or SelecType to You enough memory If the Other The when the Turn off the and the the and the then the back If the outlet such as switch, the switch turned or another the to whether the outlet operating properly. The On light nothing properly to the to the instructions the The interface securely both of the the and the that interface the the and If the interface, the the to match the that the C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM that software properly The empty. as the Cartridge The and the On light off. Press the On once to the (the On light selected with software commands The selected the D, with information. or of the that both of the interface securely. double-shielded, twisted-pair interface than length. The to or On If to increase the Turn the off the or SelecType The that correct. Specify the the SelecType If the correctly, or service Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: The of the correct. that using the and Graphics correctly. that software the using the LJ4 that graphics software Graphics amounts of memory; Memory SelecType function as expected. Software SelecType software instead of SelecType whenever software factory with the function the SelecType information, Chapter SelecType. You the Press the ALT and buttons the to the and the completely The correctly. To properly the the Cartridge C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM and This section alphabetical of and warning that appear the Cant The using type and the Unit. The type the or SelecType, from the type of the the type of the then the to clear the The memory to of printed. memory Press the to clear the Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: Cover A, the of the the cover A, then the the Warning: the indicated the A. If the cover, the correctly. the as the Cartridge B, the of the the B, then the cover it the C C, the of the optional Capacity Unit, the cover C, then the cover the D, the of the optional Unit, the cover D, then the cover the DM DM, the of the optional Unit, the cover DM and back to C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM DM occurred the optional Unit. Turn off the seconds, then the back If the appears, or service Overflow There enough memory The the top and the To this follow the below. If the SelecType or the the ALT and the If the SelecType the corrected automatically. The face-down with the sheets from the face-down and the off and the memory, the to the and clear the appears the Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: ID The that the correct. the EPSON and the Cartridge R/W occurred with the correctly. If the appears, with the Cartridge The the of memory, and the reduces the that to the If memory or temporarily to and Protect to the The correctly the Cartridge to I/F Card The the optional interface Turn off the then the C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM Option option incorrectly or this to options this or and to the ROM The ROM or correctly or this ROM or the memory instructions. LC You selected which to the or to the the covers, or other indicated and the Clearing with clearing the Preventing and this The to canceled. Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: LC occurred with the to the the and SelecType buttons or turning off the seconds, then turning back If the appears, or service specified the the indicated then On If to this The to the Source information the Overflow The memory the To the If the You clear this turning the off and back to reduce the or of reduce the or of graphics, the or memory to the C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM SelecType, which usually from the This cleared the clearing the the To this occurred with the optional Unit. Turn off the seconds, then back If the appears, or service The to the optional Unit with sheets. the from and Memory the amount of the memory to the or the or optional memory Memory The ready to Press the On Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: The to the selected, of or other The sheet to the face-down There the specified of the indicated the Operations or the instructions The the match the the with the of and The to the the of too Press to If this appears the Protect SelecType Ready The ready to and C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM The interface and the cleared. other interfaces active and their and to the or the that to You the SelecType the activated immediately exiting SelecType. To the of the following: SelecType or On (the activated the finished), or the ALT and the RAM The the RAM. ROM The the ROM. The internal Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: Service or detected. the the and off the least seconds and then back If the appears, turn off the the cord, and service ENV The optional Envelope or incorrectly. or the optional Envelope the Envelope Then off the seconds, and the back MP The MP or incorrectly. or the MP the Envelope Then off the seconds, and the back The its however, the On light The of toner. to the with. C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM You the the Cartridge Press to Turn LC The the indicated incorrectly. Loading the and the correctly. Warming The Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: that easy users to the of the and the the the of the the and the off. the while the the the the that the to the To off the off the or and holding the ALT and buttons the the the C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM the Cartridge If become the SelecType and the function to toner the count the the (empty) and the the about of the toner capacity. If the indicating that there than toner the with the S051060 the the S051060 that specially high-quality the turned off. the cover. the the the front of the and of the as nonburnable Warning: of fire, as they and of them to the the to light than necessary. Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: While holding the to the toner evenly. the attached cover the latch, then the front cover. Warning: the the indicated the cover A. C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM the and the the the housed completely. the and with the the front cover or cover A. the clear the with firm, force. Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: Release the front cover; automatically. cover and the Warning: the indicated the cover A. the with the C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM Quality with of to to the highest The features and Enhanced MicroGray MG). that the appearance of text and graphics. The factory On the text and graphics nearly However, or the to To the follow these the Select or clear the the the to turn or off. the SelecType Follow the instructions the section SelecType. This the the affects text and graphics; the with of and graphics. If too light or too the with the or SelecType. Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: the the the of the SelecType On the the appears the Press Item appears. Then to the and the to appears to the activated Increasing the increases toner If to the toner MicroGray Enhanced MicroGray MG) created high of and other To the MicroGray function, the MG the Graphics C A5 TROUBLE.FM MG off MG Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM the There to to of the the the and interface holding ALT and appears the You the anytime the interface the and interfaces holding ALT and appears the You and interfaces turning the off and back clears received from interfaces; to Cleaning the The cleaning. If the of the as this section. You should clean the and the cover months. These procedures this section. Follow the below to the of the and the Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: Cleaning cover the turned off. A. Warning: the the and which If the the the cool clean the the shown below with cloth. With cover the front cover. the from the with cloth. the the front cover and cover A. If amount of toner service C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM Cleaning the If the outer or off the and with cloth with or thinner to the cover; these chemicals the its and the to the or Transporting the If to the and as follows. Turn off the the cover and the or the the and Seal the to the toner from the or clothing. the to light than necessary. the from the then interface from the Chapter the protective to the then the its Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: the relocating the allow easy operation and as shown below. To of the following the indicated amount of Capacity Unit inches) to the of the inches) to the of the Unit to the of the Unit inches) to the right, inches) to the back, and inches) to the top of the C A5 TROUBLE.FM Troubleshooting and
C A5 TROUBLE.FM the where easily the cord. around the to allow locations that to sunlight, heat, or the and from of interference, such as or the of telephones. outlet that switches or timers. of information the memory of and outlets that other grounded outlet that matches the outlet that the this Troubleshooting and Sign-off:
Sign-off: Technical Specifications Specifications A-2 A-4 A-4 A-5 Mechanical. A-5 A-5 Interface. A-6 interface A-6 Ethernet Interface A-12 and A-13 Capacity Unit (C81303 A-13 Unit (C81304 A-14 Unit (C81305 A-15 (C81306 A-15 Envelope (C81307 A-16 Cartridge (S051060) A-16 C A5 APPSPEC.FM Technical Specifications A-1
C A5 APPSPEC.FM Specifications the of or type of the EPSON the of type of of purchasing or head and only. reduce quality, and other to to to to Card A3 A4 A5 inches) inches) inches) inches) Government inches) Government inches) inches) F4 Custom Monarch inches) inches) DL C5 International B5 A-2 Technical Specifications Sign-off:
Sign-off: the and the used. Chapter with the EPL-N4000. Printable and right when with from DOS applications.) to the C A5 APPSPEC.FM Technical Specifications A-3
C A5 APPSPEC.FM and electrophotographic to with the and of seconds with (from the Warm-up seconds rated feed: or feed supply to the MP to sheets to sheets HP (LJ4 HP-GL/2 (GL2 ESC/P (ESC/P ESC/P (FX IBM (I239X Optional and LJ4 RAM: MB, to MB A-4 Technical Specifications Sign-off:
Sign-off: Operation: to 32C to to 35C to Humidity: Operation: to RH to RH Mechanical and inches) Width: inches) Depth: inches) including the or sheets, whichever first to to Rated to Rated than than than option the the back of the the of C A5 APPSPEC.FM Technical Specifications A-5
C A5 APPSPEC.FM Interface interface The (IEEE 1284-I interface assignments shown the below. The heading Direction to the of as from the Direction IEEE 1284-B IN IN/OUT DATA1 IN/OUT DATA2 IN/OUT DATA3 IN/OUT DATA4 IN/OUT DATA5 IN/OUT DATA6 IN/OUT DATA7 IN/OUT DATA8 OUT OUT OUT OUT Select IN NC GND CG OUT PeripheralLogic High A-6 Specifications Sign-off: ECP
Sign-off: Direction IEEE 1284-B GND IN OUT GND NC OUT +5V IN IEEE1284 Active to DATA phase: to high. ECP Used to and from the to the with DATA to DATA (bidirectional, input ECP or EPP supported) phase: Not used. ECP Bidirectional C A5 APPSPEC.FM ECP Technical Specifications A-7
C A5 APPSPEC.FM DATA the MSB, DATA the LSB. Acknowledgment to that from the host. phase: IEEE supported; to high to that the and phase: that the phase: switched from to high, that the that there ECP Used to from the to the with Busy/PtrBusy/PeriphClk High that the ready to phase: Reflects the BUSY of the phase: this as and then phase: Reflects the BUSY of the ECP Used this as ninth that whether the or A-8 Technical Specifications Sign-off:
Sign-off: PError/AckDataReq/nAckReverse High that occurred the supply section, or that there the phase: High whether or IEEE or this conforms with phase: this as and then phase: High the this conforms with ECP authorizes The this to whether or it to the high. phase: the Used to to the from the host. phase: this as and then phase: as phase. ECP as phase. C A5 APPSPEC.FM Technical Specifications A-9
C A5 APPSPEC.FM nAutoFd/HostBusy/HostAck Not used. phase: to this and IEEE 1284active (nSelectIn) high. this high when phase: this to the that the ready to this high, that the the phase: This high to to to phase. If this high the that IEEE Active (nSelectIn) the IEEE phase aborted and the interface to ECP Used NC Not used. PeripheralLogicHigh to with A-10 Technical Specifications Sign-off:
Sign-off: detected, the to BUSY the released. phase: high. phase: high. ECP when switching to The peripheral to the when this and active high. that occurred. Negotiation phase: This high to authorize compatibility. the high, this to that the phase: This to to that the ready. this as and then phase: Indicates whether or the ECP This to with the host. both and C A5 APPSPEC.FM Technical Specifications A-11
C A5 APPSPEC.FM nSelectIn/IEEE1284active phase: This high the that to phase: This high to that the from the to the host. This to terminate the from the to the phase: as phase. ECP high. This to terminate ECP and to GND Twisted CG Connected to the chassis. This and GND connected. +5V to with Ethernet Interface You IEEE 10BASE-T/100BASE-TX straight-through shield RJ45 A-12 Technical Specifications Sign-off:
Sign-off: and Capacity Unit (C81303 A3, A4, GLG, to to feed: feed capacity: to or seconds or the first A4 or A4 or sheets types: such as and supply: DC 5V and 24V the C A5 APPSPEC.FM and A4, to sheets or to or seconds or the first A4 or A4 or seconds or the first A4 or A4 or sheets Technical Specifications A-13
C A5 APPSPEC.FM and Height inches) inches) inches) Unit (C81304 A3, A4, GLG, GLT, HLT, F4 to to seconds or the first A4 or A4 or sheets (from to face-down supply: DC 5V and 24V the and Height inches) inches) inches) A-14 Technical Specifications Sign-off:
Sign-off: Unit (C81305 A3, A4, A5, GLG, HLT, F4 type: to to supply: DC 5V and 24V the and Height inches) inches) inches) Unit (C81306 to or to to and inches) inches) inches) C A5 APPSPEC.FM Technical Specifications A-15
C A5 APPSPEC.FM Envelope (C81307 Monarch, C10, DL, C5 supply: DC 5V and 24V the and Height inches) inches) inches) Cartridge (S051060) to 35C to 95F) humidity: to RH Shelf life: months Life: to the following or and ratio The of with the type of If or text exceeding the A-16 Technical Specifications Sign-off:
Sign-off: Introduction to B-2 LJ4 B-3 International ISO B-21 ESC/P or FX B-22 International character B-26 Characters with the ESC command B-27 I239X B-28 EPSON GL/2 B-28 C A5 APPSYM.FM B-1
C A5 APPSYM.FM Introduction to of of these the international characters to each Normally, software and to the If writing own or software that to the following sections which to should which to with the which and which choose. B-2 Sign-off:
Sign-off: LJ4 The following the LJ4 of the characters each included this chapter. typefaces ID ESC (includes another ECM94-1 ISO PsMath ISO MsPublishing Math-8 IBM-US IBM-DN McText OCR OCR OCR EAN/UPC The other the following: Swedish, ANSI ASCII, UK, Spanish, HP JIS HP Spanish, Chinese, IRV, IBM and IBM Spanish. These of the the typeface. C A5 APPSYM.FM 8U 0E 0N 1U 2N 5M 5N 5T 6J 6M 7J 8M 9E 9T 9U 10J 10U 11U 12J 12U 13J 14J 15U 17U 19M 19U 579L 0O 1O 3Q 0Y 8Y typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces SWA typefaces SWM OCR OCR OCR types) EAN/UPC types) B-3
C A5 APPSYM.FM The and typefaces to those shown the below: SWC Incised SWC SWC Ribbon SWC SWC Audrey SWC SWC SWC SWM Dutch SWM SWC Gothic SWC SWC SWC B-4 Sign-off: Typefaces
Sign-off: (8U) (0E) C A5 APPSYM.FM B-5
C A5 APPSYM.FM ECM94-1 (0N) (1U) B-6 Proof Sign-off:
Sign-off: ISO (2N) PsMath (5M) C A5 APPSYM.FM B-7
C A5 APPSYM.FM ISO(5N) (5T) B-8 Sign-off:
Sign-off: MsPublishing (6J) (6M) C A5 APPSYM.FM B-9
C A5 APPSYM.FM (7J) Math-8 (8M) B-10 Sign-off:
Sign-off: (9E) (9T) C A5 APPSYM.FM B-11
C A5 APPSYM.FM (9U) (10J) B-12 Sign-off:
Sign-off: IBM-US (10U) IBM-DN (11U) C A5 APPSYM.FM B-13
C A5 APPSYM.FM (12J) (12U) B-14 Sign-off:
Sign-off: (13J) (14J) C A5 APPSYM.FM B-15
C A5 APPSYM.FM (15U) (17U) B-16 Sign-off:
Sign-off: (19M) (19U) C A5 APPSYM.FM B-17
C A5 APPSYM.FM (579L) OCR (0O) B-18 Sign-off:
Sign-off: OCR (1O) OCR (3Q) C A5 APPSYM.FM B-19
C A5 APPSYM.FM (0Y) EAN/UPC (8Y) B-20 Sign-off:
Sign-off: International ISO To the below, the characters the ANSI ASCII with the characters the below. ASCII ANSI ASCII (0U) (0D) French (0F) HP (0G) ASCII (0K) (0S) (1D) UK (1E) French (1F) (1G) HP Spanish (1S) Chinese (2K) Spanish (2S) IRV (2U) Swedish (3S) (4S) IBM (5S) IBM Spanish (6S) C A5 APPSYM.FM 5B 5C 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E B-21
C A5 APPSYM.FM ESC/P or FX EPSON SWC EPSON EPSON EPSON Gothic SWC SWM Dutch SWM* OCR OCR only ESC/P B-22 Sign-off: PC BRASCII, PC OCR
Sign-off: PC437 PC850 PC860 C A5 APPSYM.FM B-23
C A5 APPSYM.FM PC863 (Canadian-French) PC865 PC857 PC852 (East B-24 Sign-off:
Sign-off: BRASCII characters the character C A5 APPSYM.FM B-25
C A5 APPSYM.FM International character You of the following international character using SelecType or the ESC command. when SelecType, the characters the the below the character Country ASCII USA UK Norway II II America ESC/P B-26 Sign-off: 5B 5C 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E
Sign-off: Characters with the ESC To the characters the below, the ESC command. C A5 APPSYM.FM B-27
C A5 APPSYM.FM I239X I239X PC437, PC850, PC860, PC863, and PC865. ESC/P or FX B-22. EPSON SWC, EPSON EPSON Gothic, EPSON EPSON and EPSON EPSON GL/2 EPSON GL/2 the as those to the section B-28 Sign-off:
Sign-off: C Command Summary (LJ4) Commands C-2 GL/2 commands. C-6 ESC/P and FX Commands C-8 ESC/P C-8 FX C-11 PJL Commands C-14 I239X Commands. C-15 C-15 Text C-16 C-17 AGM C-18 C A5 APPCOMM.FM Command Summary C-1 C
C A5 APPCOMM.FM the to the following the LJ-4 ESC/P2 EPSON LQ-570 FX EPSON FX-870/1170, or LX-100 GL/2 GL/2 graphics the following supported: PJL EJL EPSON This the commands these of the commands closely the or the however, the Additional information the of commands with these information to the following B, (LJ4) Commands This section the commands the LJ4 information commands, reference ESC of ESC ESC%#X Long-edge offset ESC Short-edge (right) offset ESC Unit of ESC ESC C-2 Command Sign-off:
Sign-off: ESC ESC Selection ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Top ESC Text ESC ESC Right ESC Clear ESC Perforation ESC Motion Index (HMI) ESC Motion (VMI) ESC ESC ID selection type only) ESC &n#W[operation] Cursor ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC &a#H ESC termination ESC ESC &f#S Font selection ESC Secondary ESC ESC (s#P Secondary ESC )s#P pitch ESC (s#H Secondary pitch ESC )s#H pitch ESC height ESC (s#V Secondary height ESC )s#V C A5 APPCOMM.FM Command Summary C-3 C
C A5 APPCOMM.FM ESC (s#S Secondary ESC )s#S ESC (s#B Secondary ESC )s#B typeface family ESC (s#T Secondary typeface family ESC )s#T ESC Secondary ESC ESC ESC ESC Font Assign ID ESC Font and character ESC ESC ESC ESC with ID# ESC (#X secondary with ID# ESC )#X Soft creation Font ESC Download character ESC Character ESC Graphics ESC graphics ESC graphics ESC offset ESC ESC ESC graphics B) ESC graphics C) ESC height ESC ESC C-4 Command Summary Sign-off:
Sign-off: Select ESC Select ESC Select ESC (PCL ESC Rectangle ESC height (PCL ESC height ESC ESC management/creation ID ESC ESC ESC reference ESC ID ESC ESC &f#X readback readback location type ESC *s#T readback location ESC *s#U readback ESC *s#I ESC memory ESC *s1M ESC hints End-of-line ESC &s#C ESC ESC PCL graphics switching GL/2 ESC %#B GL/2 GL/2 anchor C A5 APPCOMM.FM Command Summary C-5 C
C A5 APPCOMM.FM GL/2 commands PCL ESC %#A ESC FI Secondary FN Scalable or bitmapped SB Transparency TR Screened vectors SV of NP AA AR three AT BZ relative BR PA PR PD PU Relative three RT PE Circle CI RA RR Edge EA Edge relative ER WG Edge EW PM FP Edge EP C-6 Command Summary Sign-off:
Sign-off: Character Select SS Select SA DI Relative DR character SI Relative character SR Character SL ES SD AD Character CF LO LB DT Character CP TD text DV and type LT LA PW width selection WU SP SM type FT Anchor AC RF type UL and SC IW P1 and P2 IP relative P1 and P2 IR DF IN RO CO C A5 APPCOMM.FM Command Summary C-7 C
C A5 APPCOMM.FM ESC/P and FX Commands This section the commands the ESC/P and FX ESC/P ESC loading/ejecting ESC EM feeding CR feed FF LF Select 1/8-inch ESC 1/6-inch ESC n/180-inch ESC n/360-inch ESC ESC ESC C ESC C inches ESC C ESC top/bottom ESC ESC right ESC C-8 Command Summary Sign-off:
Sign-off: motion ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC HT ESC vertically VT inch ESC inch ESC Font selection Select typeface ESC Select pitch and ESC Select ESC Select ESC Select ESC Turn on/off ESC LQ or ESC Select ESC ESC Select ESC ESC ESC set/clear ESC Select pitch ESC C A5 APPCOMM.FM Command Summary C-9 C
C A5 APPCOMM.FM Font Select SI DC2 Select double-width SO Turn double-width on/off ESC double-width DC4 Turn double-height on/off ESC Select ESC ESC Select ESC Select ESC ESC Select ESC Turn on/off ESC character ESC Spacing intercharacter ESC SP ESC Character Assign character ESC Select character ESC Select international character ESC character ESC Copy ROM to RAM ESC Select ESC of ESC ESC as characters ESC Selection and of ESC graphic ESC graphics ESC C-10 Command Summary Sign-off:
Sign-off: FX commands topic The following section and FX and LQ commands topic. operation ESC loading/ejecting ESC EM CR motion feed FF ESC C inches ESC C perforation ESC perforation ESC feed LF Select 1/8-inch ESC Select 7/72-inch ESC Select 1/6-inch ESC Select n/216-inch ESC n/216-inch ESC VT ESC characters with the ESC C or ESC C commands), while FX might them. motion ESC ESC\ ESC right ESC HT ESC C A5 APPCOMM.FM Command Summary C-11 C
C A5 APPCOMM.FM Select or ESC The and the ESC command. Select typeface family ESC ESC and character Select ESC Select ESC Turn on/off ESC Select SI DC2 Select double-width SO double-width DC4 Turn double-width on/off ESC Turn double-height on/off ESC Font Select ESC ESC Select ESC ESC The ESC and ESC commands effects; combining the Select ESC ESC Select ESC ESC Turn on/off ESC C-12 Command Summary Sign-off:
Sign-off: Word intercharacter ESC SP Select character ESC Assign character ESC Select international character ESC ESC ESC Characters characters ESC The appearance of characters using ESC slightly from FX Copy ROM to RAM ESC Select ESC Printable ESC Select graphics ESC Selection and of ESC C A5 APPCOMM.FM Command Summary C-13 C
C A5 APPCOMM.FM PJL Commands This section the commands (PJL). information PJL, to the Technical Reference from COMMENT @PJL COMMENT [<CR>] <LF> DEFAULT @PJL DEFAULT [LPARM: [<CR>] <LF> DINQUIRE @PJL DINQUIRE [LPARM: [<CR>] <LF> ECHO @PJL ECHO [Words] [<CR>] <LF> ENTER @PJL ENTER LANGUAGE [<CR>] <LF> EOJ @PJL EOJ [NAME= [<CR>] <LF> INFO @PJL INFO only [<CR>] <LF> INITIALIZE @PJL INITIALIZE [<CR>] <LF> INQUIRE @PJL INQUIRE [LPARM: [<CR>] <LF> JOB @PJL JOB [NAME ***][START ***][END ***][<CR>] <LF> OPMSG @PJL OPMSG DISPLAY [<CR>] <LF> RDYMSG @PJL RDYMSG DISPLAY [<CR>] <LF> RESET @PJL RESET [<CR>] <LF> SET @PJL SET [LPARM: [<CR>] <LF> STMSG @PJL STMSG DISPLAY [<CR>] <LF> UEL <ESC>%-12345X USTATUS @PJL USTATUS [<CR>] <LF> USTATUSOFF @PJL USTATUSOFF [<CR>] <LF> PJL @PJL [<CR>] <LF> C-14 Command Summary Sign-off:
Sign-off: I239X Emulation Commands This section the commands the I239X information these commands, reference ESC C inches ESC C NUL perforation ESC perforation ESC ESC spacing to inch ESC to inch ESC text ESC graphics or inch) ESC text inch) ESC Unit or inch) ESC ESC ESC ESC C A5 APPCOMM.FM Command Summary C-15 C
C A5 APPCOMM.FM feeding/print motion CR feed LF FF vertically or inch) ESC feed ESC ESC BS SP HT VT inch) ESC top of ESC Text Font selection Select pitch DC2 Select pitch ESC: SI ESC SI ESC ESC ESC Select and pitch ESC[I Select or ESC Select character ESC Select character ESC Select ESC[T character ESC character from ESC Select character C-16 Command Summary Sign-off:
Sign-off: Font overscore ESC_ Continuous ESC- ESC[- Select type ESC[@ double-width SO double-width ESC SO double-width DC4 Double-width ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC graphics ESC graphics ESC graphics ESC High-density graphics ESC Graphic ESC ESC ESC [P- functions ESC [K input CAN Auxiliary function Select ESC [F C A5 APPCOMM.FM Command Summary C-17 C
C A5 APPCOMM.FM AGM graphics or inch) ESC text inch) ESC feeding/print motion vertically or inch) ESC feed LF graphics ESC graphics ESC graphics ESC High-density graphics ESC Graphic ESC graphic ESC C-18 Command Summary Sign-off:
Sign-off: Working with Fonts and D-2 D-3 More Fonts D-6 Downloading D-6 Selecting D-6 C A5 APPFONT.FM Working with Fonts D-1
C A5 APPFONT.FM this section to know about or of the To Font the following The other than the selected with software. The exactly match what These of other than LJ4 or when trying to that the If and below to to them. and Screen Fonts both the and the The which memory, the to Screen which to text to the that printed. of because the and The normally that specially the of or character. The however, that created from mathematical that the of each character. allows the to character the The distinction and as when which included with that both the and the D-2 with Sign-off:
Sign-off: The following the that The of the appear software's using the with the (If of these The with the shown the following LJ4/GL2 Font Scalable HP Dutch SWC Italic, CG SWC Italic, CG HP OCR OCR EAN/UPC selecting software choose the the HP C A5 APPFONT.FM with Fonts D-3
C A5 APPFONT.FM ESC/P and FX Font EPSON EPSON SWC EPSON EPSON SWM* Dutch SWM* Gothic SWC only ESC/P Font OCR OCR D-4 Working with Sign-off:
Sign-off: I239X Font Scalable EPSON SWC EPSON EPSON Gothic EPSON EPSON EPSON Font OCR To the the SelecType. that loaded. Press while the Press Item the appears. Press Font printed. C A5 APPFONT.FM with D-5
C A5 APPFONT.FM More that downloaded, or to the they printed. Downloaded memory off the or otherwise If downloading memory. Downloading easy to their The the option of the downloaded whenever or when to If from within the (To this the and the Once the applications. Selecting Fonts Whenever from the software software instructions. If text to the directly from DOS or software that include selection, with SelecType when the LJ4, ESCP2, FX, or I239X D-6 with Fonts Sign-off:
Sign-off: of SelecType Switching SelecType E-2 C A5 APPMAP.FM of SelecType E-1
C A5 APPMAP.FM Switching SelecType The following the and options SelecType. KEY Pressing the displays the Pressing the displays the )Appear when option E-2 of SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: C A5 APPMAP.FM of SelecType E-3
C A5 APPMAP.FM E-4 of SelecType Sign-off:
Sign-off: ASCII American Information of assigning to characters and The of computers, and software. which each (CR) automatically (LF) The of displayed and memory character of numbers, and (characters inch) of the of fixed-width text characters. or that when the turned or initialized. inch The of inch of The higher the of the higher the To information from the to the that the memory from such as inch. The of software that commands from the commands the known as the The of the where the and to the C A5 GLOSSARY.FM
C A5 GLOSSARY.FM fixed-width whose characters the amount of the of the character. the the amount of as the of characters and that typographic and family The of and of halftone that of The together to or spaced to or white the Newspaper photographs of halftones. The and supply of The of the to its of interface The the and the interface character or and interface that oriented the This that than high and spreadsheets. memory The of the that to information. information and to the operates. Information that to the from the (such as downloaded memory temporarily. RAM and ROM to the which characters This this or with the text turned outline whose outline mathematically, allowing to or smoothly Sign-off:
Sign-off: PCL The built the photoconductor of the that pitch of the of characters inch fixed-width The height of as measured from the top of the character to the of the lowest. typographic of to of inch. that oriented upright the (as to which oriented the This the or of operating commands that from the and acted existing such as the HP whose characters amounts of the of the character. the than the lowercase RAM Access Memory (RAM) where temporary information To refresh the memory and the that permanently the memory. of the and clarity of the or measured inch. measured that smooths the of or ROM Memory (ROM) where information C A5 GLOSSARY.FM
C A5 GLOSSARY.FM SelecType of the that allows to and of the from the The that off the of character. that the and other information. of and characters. assigned to character that Apple and Microsoft Corporation. that easily resized or Sign-off:
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, Phone: SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. February