<leadername> Sign-off: A5 switch AC C cover cover MP interface (option) interface interface
<leadername> Sign-off: rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Swiss, and Dutch of Bitstream Inc. CG and CG of Inc. Univers of Linotype AG and/or its Olive of Olive. of Monotype Corporation of Industries (UK) and New of Monotype Corporation Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, A5 front.mif C Reference
C A5 front.mif Declaration of Conformity According to ISO/IEC and EN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Representative: EPSON EUROPE B.V. Address: Prof. J. H. AT The Declares that the Product: Product EPL-N1600 XXB-2 Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC Directive 73/23/EEC: EN July Y. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Started The EPSON EPL-N1600 high performance and with of features. To with please: Ready! to and the information, and instructions this section. this information about About This This information about information about and the the Ready! Chapter the basics of to the Chapter to and the type and of that loaded. Chapter instructions the options the Chapter "EPSON Utility", to the EPSON Chapter "SelecType", the that including the SelecType and the C A5 Started
C A5 Chapter "Troubleshooting and helpful information what to and instructions to A, "Technical Specifications", the technical specifications about the B, the each with the of the characters each C, "Command Summary", the commands that to the This advanced users only. D, with the to follow to E, "Contacting Customer information. F, of SelecType the SelecType and the which them. This when SelecType. Started <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: About the advanced of It the (LJ4) allowing to using the of software that HP The inch) which smoothes the of both text and graphics. This clean, that to professional appearance. MicroGray with halftoning when graphics. The easy to and You the to and the as the Ready! The ECP and ECP high-speed and bidirectional with The with of features that to ease of and high-quality The below. High-quality of to the professional and its C A5 Started
C A5 of The with selection of and LJ4 to with the to professional-looking To reduce the amount of toner rough using the The with built-in bidirectional interface, interface, and MB of memory, which expanded to MB. You or interface. The Unit-Universal (C81290 to sheets without The Unit (C81293 allows to both of from the or the optional The (C81294 recommended that straight-through path, such as and ENERGY TAR The International NERGY TAR the of computers, and other peripheral Started <leadername> Sign-off: International NERGY TAR EPSON that this the International NERGY TAR efficiency.
<leadername> Sign-off: Information This as Class the U.S. of Health and Services (DHHS) Radiation Performance to the Radiation Health and of This that the radiation. Since the completely within protective housings and covers, the from the phase of operation. United The EPL-N1600 which There of from the the operated to the instructions the the completely within protective the from the phase of operation. Warning: of or or performance of other than those specified this This The of the and the C A5 Started
C A5 CDRH regulations The Devices and Health (CDRH) of the U.S. Food and Administration products products the United States. The shown below with the CDRH and attached to products the United States. Started <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Warning: of or performance of other than those specified this Class as IEC specifications. The shown below attached countries where required. Radiation This Class Assembly that invisible The head NOT FIELD SERVICE ITEM. Therefore, the head should C A5 Started
C A5 as of the process. only when the The recommended as time-weighted hour The EPL-N1600 hours of when closed of approximately the To the of to should the following of of together with of the location The should located that the and heat Not blown directly the directly of the building whenever Started <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Precautions This The following of whenever the cover. with other of to follow these to operation. to the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE. If the the touching the the instructed to this force the Although the to rough to scratch the of the the from the the clean, smooth Also, touching the from permanently its and quality. C A5 CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE Started
C A5 the or its Protect the light-sensitive from to light. the to light than necessary. the protective cover. Overexposing the abnormally or light to appear the and reduce the service of the the clean, smooth to or the It to the toner and with least hour from cool to Warning: of products fire, as they and injury. of them to To the quality, the to sunlight, or (such as locations to or of heat or Also, to the of the reach of H05VV-F H05VVH2-F GSGV, (A) ISO Started <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Instructions of these instructions operating Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning and or cleaners. this near the or and the and the back or or cover them. the or other or built-in the type of indicated the If of the type of or If to the the to where the If cord, that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the of through as they or that of fire or shock. of the C A5 Started
C A5 as specifically this to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or frayed. If If to or If normally when the operating instructions followed. only those that covered the operating instructions of other and often to the to operation. If or the If performance, service. Started <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to rating plate and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and yellowEarth BrownLive If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and yellow connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. If to the the or with of the and C A5 Started
C A5 and Notes to to to Notes information and the of Started <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Chapter the Accessing the The Quality Enhanced MicroGray C A5
C A5 the There to and its The only) (SelecType) Normally, should the to The allows to easily the including the and To the below. software allow to using the these the to the information using the Chapter Accessing the You directly from based applications, or from operating as below. The from when the from the operating should the from to the To the from software, the or the You to or of these buttons. To the from or Workgroups, the the group, then the Choose EPSON from the and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: To the from NT the the group, then the Double-click and from the selected and To the from and NT to and Next, right-click the of EPSON and and or NT The The easy operations. The of three (LCD), lights, and buttons. The and lights about the of the and the buttons to and that with the software. with the from information the SelecType from the including the OneTouch Chapter "SelecType". This section shows SelecType and options. It as whenever SelecType features. C A5
C A5 Quality with of to that they with the highest The features and Enhanced MicroGray MG). that the appearance of text and graphics. The factory The the text and graphics nearly You to the off. or the to To the follow these the or the the the to or off. the SelecType Follow the instructions the section SelecType. This the the it necessary. the affects text and graphics. the with of text and graphics. If too light or too the with the or the SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the the the of the SelecType Follow the instructions the section SelecType to this You should the this Increasing the increases toner If to the toner Enhanced MicroGray Enhanced MicroGray MG) created high of and other with smooth MG off MG To the Enhanced MicroGray folow these the Click the MG the Graphic the C A5
C A5 <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Chapter the MP Selecting the MP as the with the MP with the MP Manually Loading Selecting the Loading C A5
C A5 The from of three the the MP or the optional To from Ready! To optional should high and relatively smooth with and to the and optional or and to the MP The to to of should You with that the and both of types. the MP The MP and which the or other such as or Selecting the MP as the There to the of the the the from the SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the Choose the the NT or NT information using the the the SelecType information the SelecType with the MP the front cover the top of the towards C A5
C A5 shown the below, the that the MP the front cover the to the right of the MP <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the and the to them the the of the the MP The top of the the the top of of should first. The which should upwards. the that touches the right of the that the top of the the the to the MP while otherwise C A5
C A5 with the MP the MP as the to the right of the MP the the MP that they together and that their closed. the with their and the leading the If the of the the of the that the the MP with the to the right. If the of the the of the that the with the the first. that the the of the MP and that they the of the of the MP <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the right to the the should the of the right to the MP while otherwise C A5
C A5 Manually Loading You manually Manually helpful when to the each printed. This the as the feeding, sheet-by- to the first and the On to each To follow the below. the of the following To the from software, the or the You to or of these buttons. To the from or Workgroups, the the group, then the Choose EPSON from the and To the from NT the the group, then the Double-click and from the selected and To the from and NT to and Next, right-click the of EPSON and or NT <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: The NT or the NT appears. the Select the from the If the already loaded, this the or that or of the the or that with the as as the to match the from The shows and the selected Press On to The of and printed. If the the the of and On only once the On the automatically. You to to the On Press On to the of necessary. this every to printed. C A5
C A5 Selecting the the A4 If of to the of the following the Choose the the NT or NT information using the the the SelecType information the SelecType Loading To or from inches) to inches), the MP (as Ready! and the of the following Access the the the the Width, and Unit to match the OK and Access SelecType and to CTM <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Since the of or type of the EPSON the of type of of purchasing or You such as heavy and The of thicknesses. or to the If the too light, the as this they specially The when with the You of of the MP to feed of the or them manually. You only or To the from with that completely cover the with the C A5
C A5 You should the sheet pressing of top of of If the to the of the You to of the MP or them manually. You overhead or with or If other of <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Chapter Unit Unit Unit Installed. Loading the optional with the Removing the Unit the Unit. the Unit the Removing the Memory memory Removing memory ROM ROM ROM Optional Interfaces Interface Card. C A5
C A5 There of options These The Unit Universal (C81290 increases feeding to of The Unit (C81293 useful both of The Optional memory expands memory. (C83229 ROM Optional interface and of interfaces, allowing to EPL-N1600 with Ethernet IBM and other interfaces. The the of the which country. Each of these options its section. If purchased and options the first the and the following the instructions the Ready! Then the options. <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Unit The optional third to the and the MP This section to the and If the optional this to the You the of the optional as You the the that the MP the software, or with the If the software, to the to the of the Option of the the to the the shown the LC2 Unit If the optional follow the instructions below to the sheet Unpack the and the where the to C A5
C A5 the and facing the the and the the with the the of the Warning: The (about when the If necessary, to the securely the <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the the of the securely, the the completely from the and the sheet the front C A5
C A5 the front securely, the Warning: the optional the to the together with the attached to the <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Unit If already the follow the instructions below. the without the to Unit Installed", If both the and the the first. Turn to the Unit", and the Unpack the and the where the to the and facing the the front of the the the as shown below. There three top of the the and the right. These three three the of the C A5
C A5 to the and the the the the The and together about (about when them together and another to necessary. the and the to the corners. that the and seated. <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the to the the of the the to the the securely Completely the and the clearly the the C A5
C A5 the to the as shown below. the securely. back the and the <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Loading the optional with the reaching the and straight Press the plate C A5
C A5 the and to the right of the You to the of the to the to the steady. the other to and the of the While to the steady, and the right of the the that the of the matches the the There notches the of the which to the to match the length. <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: of to sheets) to the from sticking together, and the of the firm to the of the the the with the of the that the the and the the If the with too the to the touches the of the of C A5
C A5 the the the while otherwise <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the the should the first. with the the heavy. that the and turned off, the from the outlet and from the interface from the At the rear of the the the to the these and and them, as shown below. C A5
C A5 Completely the and partly the the front the to the the and and them as shown below. the sheet back and the the and from the <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Removing the that the and turned off, the from the and from the interface from the At the of the the them and and them as shown below. C A5
C A5 Completely the and the the the front of the as shown below. the and and them, as shown below. the sheet and the <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the and and from the the and the the as shown the the If the the the and C A5
C A5 Unit the Unit The optional allows to both of the automatically. To the follow the instructions below: Unpack the of the and them the where the the that the locking the of the as shown below. <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the cover to the of the the the of the and with the the this to the cover located to the right of the the cover, it together with the the the from where the C A5
C A5 With the front of the the of the the corners of the with the corners of the and the the The about (about when and another to necessary. There three top of the the and the right. These three three the of the <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: that the securely seated top of the the to the to the and the the securely. C A5
C A5 Completely the the the the front of the the to the to the the front. the securely. the and the To that the Unit correctly, the the <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: You through the software, or through the the the Unit the NT or NT of the SelecType: Follow the instruction the section SelecType to this You should the this the Unit to or the or to the to another should follow the below. that the and turned off, the from the outlet and from the interface from the the release to the of the C A5
C A5 At the of the the and and them, as shown the below. Completely the and the the front <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the front and and them from the front of the as shown below. the front and them the and back the the and from the C A5
C A5 the of the the cover which originally from the from the and to its location the right of the the the and the that the to the and then the the the and the <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: The normally top of the If the optional (C81294 This of and recommended such as and that straight-through path. The about of that when the to allow about (about inches) the rear of the the and the the To the follow the instructions below. the three mounting the of the If the optional there the the of the of the and the three the these mounting C A5
C A5 the of the to the of the If to the of the this as You or through the software, or through the the the the NT or NT of the SelecType: Follow the instructions the section SelecType to this You should the this Removing the Follow the instructions below to the If the of the closed. the that the <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Proof Sign-off: the from the of the (or from the of the optional the Memory Memory (SIMM), increase memory to 40MB MB optional 32MB). You to memory graphics-intensive or You purchase the SIMM purchase the following EDO type Capacity of or 32MB Access of or within inches) inches), with thickness of inch) C A5
C A5 memory Turn off the Warning: To shock, to SIMM the turned off. the from the the necessary. Turn the its the cover the the right of the the screws the cover. and slightly the then the cover. <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the SIMM the RAM the of the and the SIMM match, or Press the clicks right to the apply too force. the cover. the screws. Gently the cover. the back and turn the To that memory correctly sheet the C A5
C A5 If incorrect amount of memory shown the off the and the to correctly the SIMM. If the amount of RAM incorrect, or service Removing memory through the section to the RAM the each of the RAM outward to release the memory both of the SIMM and as shown Follow through the section to the <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: ROM ROM You the (C83229 the as those to the memory through memory section to the RAM the three ROM The right ROM should already You should the the ROM the the the C A5
C A5 Removing ROM through memory section to the RAM the switch to release the ROM Optional Interfaces This section to the optional interface below. To to Ethernet optional Ethernet Card (C82357 /C82362 /C82363 To or interface to of the following: 32KB Interface Card C82307 32KB Interface Card C82310 To to IBM or of the following: Coax Interface Card C82314 Interface Card C82315 <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: The and each interface. the built-in interface active, this interfaces and or interface. to and the switches the active The interface with the following IBM AS-400, and with the EPSON interface, the of the following IBM and and IPDS), and and D01, D02. The interface allows the to connected to the following IBM and and To to with the optional the Interface Card (C82312 or Ethernet Card (C82357 /C82362 C82363 If the while it through the Interface Card, to the off and then properly. To to GPIB the GPIB Interface Card (C82313 C A5
C A5 Interface Card Follow the below to optional interface Turn off the the from the Turn the its back the screws that the cover and the cover. With the of the optional interface facing the of the the interface the the interface as shown below. to the <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the interface with the screws. You that the interface correctly C A5
C A5 <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Chapter EPSON the Accessing the and NT Accessing C A5 EPSON
C A5 The EPSON that and information about the of the including the amount of toner. If with the You the EPSON to from Microsoft or NT This only that connected directly to the You when The of this and NT Please the EPSON that with the optional Ethernet Interface Card (C82357 or C82362 to or the of This shows and allows to such as EPSON <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the the CD-ROM that with CD-ROM this D). and NT users: then choose users: the and then choose the D:\EPSETUP.EXE (or E:\EPSETUP.EXE then OK and NT users: the that appears, or selecting and then clicking the arrow the top right. the that appears, EPL-N1600 and OK The automatically. installation OK The C A5 EPSON
C A5 Accessing the and NT Click then to to then EPSON The appears. To the the the top right of the or right-click the EPSON the the then the that appears. Accessing information about the to To the the top right of the EPSON and the become Then the the that to know about and click. EPSON <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Chapter SelecType The Lights. to SelecType. SelecType the SelecType SelecType the OneTouch OneTouch OneTouch SelecType AUX LJ4 GL2 PS ESCP2 and FX I239X C A5 SelecType
C A5 This section to the its its and its buttons to the of this section, there of to the SelecType to There of the OneTouch which the easily. The The operations. The of three lights, and buttons. The and lights the of the and the buttons to and The shows the following: such as Warming which the such as which should or that to correct. SelecType options, such as which allow to such as the selection, and other SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the to to and information, and information the SelecType including the OneTouch commands, the sections this chapter. C A5 Source MP Item On SelecType
C A5 Lights On On when the indicating the and the off this light off. The light flashes as the switches and off-line On when and the printed. Flashing the the (the section of memory this light off. Flashes when or At the or appears the OneTouch On when the OneTouch The following this Source, Feed, of to this OneTouch "OneTouch OneTouch On when the OneTouch The following this MP SelecType On when the SelecType to SelecType", of to the SelecType SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: On Switches the and off SelecType Selects OneTouch or SelecType (ALT) Press this once to OneTouch Press this to OneTouch Press this once to SelecType Pressing this while SelecType the to ALT Item, or Selects the this or selects the SelecType SelecType Press this when the to SelecType Item Selects the option this or selects the function within the the SelecType Selects the OneTouch option this button, or selects the within the the Item of the SelecType C A5 Advances the or shown to the each group. If with the ALT SelecType the or shown to its previous SelecType
C A5 the off and the memory (the light this the and clears the SelecType <leadername> Sign-off: Selects the OneTouch option this button, or the currently shown the as when SelecType Press this when the to the the to or cleared. If the light flashing, the or the and the as Chapter If with the ALT the
<leadername> Sign-off: to SelecType SelecType software, including the following: the and selecting the IES Switching) Specifying the and the interface Choosing the of the memory to You should the following when SelecType of SelecType the OneTouch and the Application commands to the that SelecType If the software To the SelecType C A5 SelecType
C A5 SelecType and SelecType, should the buttons the The of the the when SelecType SelecType <leadername> Sign-off: Source MP Item On
<leadername> Sign-off: the buttons SelecType You directly items the OneTouch information, the OneTouch To SelecType while the To the Item or To of the or the To item Item of items Rate the or the To of Rate or On or To Press ALT to the items or back through the showing the which SelecType displayed. To SelecType or SelecType C A5 SelecType
C A5 SelecType This section of the SelecType and the item each These and the internal You information the and of features. You should further Font LJ4 Font FX Font I239X Font PS PS Font PS Fact when the optional These the each of the interfaces. further when the optional interface installed. These the often software, and that reason to software the software these further A4, Feed, the optional SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: These the each This from the the which the of the that the further MP LC1 LC2 the optional installed. These the performance of the further Top Top offset B, offset B, Protect, These to the with information further Interface, Counter Clear, MP LC1 LC2 Count, SelecType the optional These the and the when interface. further C A5 SelecType
C A5 These the and the when interface, and the further Word Length, Parity, Stop DTR, Xon/Xoff, AUX If the optional interface these the the this interface. the with the interface further LJ4 These the and when the LJ4 "LJ4 further Font Source, Font Pitch Source CR Function, LF Function the selected These the installed. GL2 These the of the when GL2 "GL2 further only when SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: PS These only the optional "PS further MicroGray, Protect ESCP2 These the of the when ESCP2 "ESCP2 and FX further Pitch, T. Margin, Text CG Country, CR, LF, These the FX These the of the when FX "ESCP2 and FX further Pitch, T. Margin, Text CG Country, CR, LF, These the I239X These the of the when I239X "I239X further Pitch, T. Margin, Text, CR, LF, Graphic, Char, Character C A5 SelecType
C A5 the OneTouch The OneTouch of SelecType they and to The the OneTouch and SelecType reflected each other. OneTouch To the SelecType (repeatedly necessary) the light to Source indicating the OneTouch The OneTouch Source, and shown the the 3RUW or /DQG shown Source whether the from the MP the or the optional If the containing the that matches the the used. the or off the MP of to the "Selecting the MP as the whether the or This SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: To OneTouch the SelecType (repeatedly necessary) the light to indicating that the OneTouch The OneTouch MP and shown the the 2Q or 2II shown the or off. smoother and text and graphics. If this the with the from the SelecType Selects the of to to MP Selects the the MP the or off. this turned the toner the of characters. The the characters right and C A5 SelecType
C A5 SelecType Read this section of the the SelecType the below, should to the You these the such as which printed. PS Prints the features. these options to whether correctly. the option LJ4 Font Font FX Font I239X Font PS Font Prints of the selected the option SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: this to the You each interface to the other each that to the Since each its of should these the LJ4, ESCP2, FX, GL2 or I239X as necessary. The options the interface. AUX If optional interface If optional The the from within software. These software the SelecType. items the directly with the OneTouch the OneTouch further Source whether the from the MP from the or from the optional If from the containing the that matches the selected the the C A5 LJ4, ESCP2, FX, I239X, PS GL2, SelecType
C A5 A4 This whether the A4 or whether the or This the Selects the of of each to printed, to This item selects further about the feed section "Manually Loading Switches the and If the the it currently which the to the or off. This item when the Unit SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Selects the of the This item when the Unit If the optional Unit choose whether the first to front the of or (the cover and the cover). MP, LC1, LC2 Source A4, A5, B5, LT, HLT, LGL,GLT, GLG, EXE, F4, MON, C10, DL, C5, C6, IB5, CTM A4 On Down, On On Edge, Short Edge If Optional Sheet If Optional Unit C A5 On SelecType
C A5 this to the MP and the currently the and optional MP Allows to the the MP You the MP directly from OneTouch LC1 Allows to the currently the LC2 This the optional It allows to the currently the optional MP A4, A5, B5, LT, HLT, LGL, GLT, GLG, EXE, F4, MON, C10, DL, C5, C6, IB5 LC1 A4, LT, LGL, GLG, B5, EXE LC2 A4, LT, LGL, GLG SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: This allows to which the operation of the Allows to the smoother and and graphics. You the directly from OneTouch Turns the turned the toner the of characters. The characters outlined their right and You the item directly from OneTouch the to lighter or Increasing the increases toner If to the C A5 SelecType
C A5 Top to the of the the that the the top of the the this option to to the of the the that the the of the the Top offset the the back when both this the the back where expected. This item when the Unit offset the the back when both this the the back where expected. This item when the Unit installed. Selects whether Turning this item the to the the the specified of This of toner that properly the this item off, the SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the to of when of the following and Overflow. this option off, the to to this option Protect memory as to You to Protect If the to ON and This reduces the amount of memory to the allow to Protect usually to You to increase memory memory to the Protect the memory, which downloaded to the amount of graphics when the reaches the memory allowing to printed. this to On the graphics reduced. C A5 SelecType
C A5 On, On Top Top offset offer On On Protect On On This allows to concerned with the Interface this to the from interface to which connected If to other the from the interface which selected the of that the when and received. this the searches other (interfaces). SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: reducing to the fixing heater the this the to as as to then and ready to about seconds. the the and printed the the instead of Ready when the by. the amount of toner the E****F E*** E** E* Counter Clear the toner counter, wher the MP the amount of that the MP LC1 the amount of that the C A5 SelecType
C A5 LC2 the amount of that the optional Count the of sheets this SelecType the SelecType that and them to the factory AUX Interface English, ITALIANO, ESPANOL, SVENSKA, DANSK, SUOMI, On E****F Counter Clear MP LC1 LC2 Count SelecType This only the optional interface This the optional SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: This allows to which the interface. the the and the It this selecting the the STROBE and the ACKNLG information concerning the of the interface, A. or bidirectional the and the the to the interface bidirectional this to the amount of memory to and If to memory If to memory allocated The factory Normal Normal ECP, Normal, C A5 SelecType
C A5 Allows to with the interface. Word Selects the or and software the The factory Rate this option to the the interface. The measured and software the Parity Selects the the interface. Parity and software the Stop Selects the of each character of information to the Stop to the of character. and software the DTR Selects DTR Ready), known as or off. and software the SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Selects the the and the to On or known as software The together with and software the the amount of memory and through the interface. If to memory allocated to If to memory to The factory Normal Word Rate Parity Stop DTR On, On, Normal, C A5 SelecType
C A5 AUX This the optional interface the amount of memory and through the optional interface. If to memory allocated to If to memory allocated to The factory Normal Normal, LJ4 This allows to while the LJ4 Font Source Chooses the of the the which the the which the memory, or which downloaded from the to the Font Chooses the of the the The of the from the Pitch Chooses the pitch (the spacing) of the the the and fixed-pitch. The pitch (characters inch). SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Height Chooses the height of the the the The height inch to Chooses the of the the of the this If which the selected with the Font Source and Font the the Selects the of the selected and This (VMI) as and this VMI the This that the or to this based the VMI Source You only this optional ROM You this optional ROM CR Function If CR Function to CR the feed (LF) with each (CR). CR Function to CR+LF the to each If text each other, CR Function to CR+LF C A5 SelecType
C A5 LF Function If LF Function to LF the (CR) command with each (LF) or (FF). LF Function to CR+LF the to each or If the characters the right LF Function to CR+LF Font Source DIMM, Download Font From upwards Pitch of of IBM-US, ECM94-1, ISO, ISO, IBM-DN, MsPublishin, Math-8, PsMath, VeMath, UK, ANSI ASCII, Spanish, Source CR Function CR, CR+LF LF Function LF, CR+LF GL2 using the EPSON GL/2 allowing to software which The to the GL/2 which HP The EPSON GL/2 of the HP-GL commands and includes the commands found GL/2 as as commands. SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Selects whether the to the GL/2 or the HP of the GL/2. Selects whether the from the software scaled, and the factor based the of the software Selects whether the of the from the or the of the Selects the which to the Selects the which Selects the which through Selects the thickness of the to the LJ4GL2 A0, A1, A2, A3 C A5 SelecType
C A5 Round Mitered, Round, through of the GL/2 You to the the to they match the trying to the following items; the information selection): HP-GL/2 or HP-GL origin: or Corner only LJ4GL2, or If to the first switch the and then the using or SelecType. or the RAM (such as when PS This the optional SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: ESCP2 and FX This allows to which the when ESCP2 or FX The items both specifically otherwise. Font Selects the which Pitch Selects the pitch (the spacing) of the pitch, measured (characters inch), or choose spacing. or off. T. Margin the from the top of the to the of the first The measured inches. Text the this option, to inch). If the or T. Margin the to the each C A5 SelecType
C A5 CG Table the character option to the graphics character or the The graphics graphic characters corners, areas, international characters, characters, and mathematical If the the of the character as characters. Country this option to of the international of the characters each countrys CR This selects whether the feed (CR-LF) operation whenever the the right If this the characters the right and character. This function software applications. LF If this option to the line-feed (LF) with each (CR). If this to On line-feed with each You should this to On text each other. If this to or Light the to the graphics with the commands. If the high, and Light the SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: If the the to This that This reduce the of the printed, and when graphics. Selects whether the slashed or unslashed This distinguishing and when Font T, S, H, OCR A, OCR Pitch Prop. On T. Margin inch inch of Text Italic, PcNordic, PcTurkish2,PcE.Europe, Country USA, Germany, UK, Italy, Norway, Spain2,LatinAmeric, CR On, LF On Light, O, whether or A4 selected C A5 SelecType
C A5 I239X I239X IBM commands. information of the and the below, to the previous section. Font Gothic, Pitch Prop. pitches T. Margin inch inch of Text CR On LF On Graphic On Light O, CharacterSet whether or A4 selected The to whether or A4 selected. SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Selects the character Character the characters and The text based the selected character the Graphics option or off. The OFF. Character Selects character or C A5 SelecType
C A5 SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Troubleshooting and and Printout Memory Option the the Cartridge Cleaning the toner Transporting the C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 This chapter information the and to: the Cartridge Clean the the included of There of to what occurred: the EPSON the using the to the of the of the the as The LCD which the both and of these this chapter Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: and through this section to the of then try the recommended the they If the through the this section, The and shown The following to when the shown. Other of the chapter. Preventing and If or this of corrective higher-quality that too thin or rough. the of or and then its to that too the to the that the freely. than (or the optional the C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 turning the of the the The or correctly the the section to that the correctly. of reaching the Cartridge, the Cartridge and the the the to the optional the of the or the The inform of the location where Clearing clearing the reprinted. Warning: clearing that the the becomes when the and of the attached to the Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: reaching the Cartridge If the reaching the Cartridge, the shows the cover, and the Cartridge.. You should of sticking about to four (about to inches) from the the and the of of the If the tears when the the Cartridge and the cover. C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 the using the optional and or sheets which the the from the If using the MP from the MP including or partially-fed of the the MP the of the or and the or sheets. to If the to light the as shown there torn of the such of thick and from the MP or from the and while from front to back, the path, the the torn of Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the Cartridge and the If the Cartridge and the the shows the and the Cartridge. You should of sticking from the Warning: the cover the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE. to the the from the and it of the If the tears when the the Cartridge and the cover. or partially-fed sheets of or other from the or the MP the or MP with the C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 the If the the shows Exiting the cover and the If the optional and back the of the that the If the optional the that the Warning: The and of from the the sheet of from the If the tears when try to the If the optional or the optional and the or the previously or partially-fed sheets of or other from the or the MP the or MP with the Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the to the If as the optional the shows the catch of the and back that the the cover. the of from the as shown the Warning: high to the path. It firmly, the of of the If the tears when the and the and the cover. C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 or partially-fed sheets of or other from the or the MP the or MP with the the of the If the of the the shows the catch of the and back that the of the of from the the Warning: high to the path. It back the to free the and the of from the If the tears when to the Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: If the optional or the optional and the or the or partially-fed of or other from the or the MP the or MP with the the If the the shows the catch of the and back that the of the Inspect the located the of the of the and the C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 the and the the and or the or MP with the from the that If the light and the cover to clear the The On light turn when the Turn off the and the the and the then the back If the such as switch, the switch turned or another the outlet to whether the operating properly. The and the On light off. Press On once to the (the On light Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: The On light nothing properly to the the Connecting the to the the Ready! The interface securely. both of the the and the to the using the that using interface, the double-shielded, twisted-pair interface than length. If interface, the parity, of and of to match the The Cartridge empty. the as Printout The selected with software commands The selected the information. or of the or as that both of the interface securely. double-shielded, twisted-pair interface than length. C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 If using interface, the parity, of and of to match the The the correct. the with the SelecType. If the correctly, or service of the that the and software Graphics correctly that software the using the LJ4 that software to If interface, that the parity, of and of to match the Graphics amounts of memory; Memory this chapter Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: The background or the the of Turn off the Clean the the cloth. Clean internal three with only character You the type of If the of too rough, characters appear or Smooth, high-quality recommended Chapter information choosing There with the Cartridge. the from to and then If this the the Cartridge the Cartridge", Black or white appear the Turn off the Clean the the using cloth. Clean internal three with only character C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 There with the Cartridge. the from to and then If this the the Cartridge. the Cartridge", the or or Turn off the the Cartridge, from to and then If this the as Then to the quality.. or or You the type of If the of too rough, characters appear or Smooth, high-quality Specifications information choosing Turn off the the Cartridge, from to to the and the of with clean, cloth. Clean the the using clean, cloth. Clean internal three with character Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: If the the Cartridge. the Cartridge", or to the The higher the the the lighter the or You the type of If the of too rough, characters appear or Smooth, high-quality recommended Specifications information choosing Completely If, the the EPSON the that the amount of toner the Cartridge" that the as the Cartridge", The with software or interface the If to the with the Turn off the and The light or the the of or The higher the the the lighter the or C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 the Cartridge, from to to the and then If the the as The Turn off the the The too the the of If the the as Non-printed of the the path. Turn off the the Cartridge and then the of the clean, cloth. Warning: the the which with the CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE. to the Memory Overflow The memory the To the the the If the the as You clear this turning the off, seconds, and then turning back Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: You to increase the amount of memory. chapter informaiton memory. The memory to the the specified The reduces the If the try simplifying the the of graphics or reducing the of or the to Option from the optional selected the software. There the with that the properly and that to with too sheets of The of sheets of The properly. Chapter instructions the when the optional "Clearing C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 This section of the shown the of each and correcting the You should that every shown the however. The from the the to the of the the cover or Unit cover, then the and the cover. Then the The reprinted. The from the the to the of the then the If the this appear. The of the latched and Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Overflow There enough memory to both of the the To the the the If the the as You to clear this turning the off, seconds, and then turning back If to this when simplifying the the of graphics or reducing the and of You memory to the as Chapter off to the the Unit The correctly. the of the Exiting the the about from the C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 off canceled. Government and with output this specified, output of the switched to Down. Press the to clear the displayed feeding properly from the (or optional or its the the reaching the Cartridge", feed the "Preventing and this (this when printed). Format DIMM DIMM If the DIMM formatted, the DIMM If, reformatting, the DIMM to or To clear this the or off the and the DIMM. Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: I/F Card This that the with the optional interface Turn off the and the then DIMM The the optional DIMM. Turn off the and the DIMM. There memory to the using the specified quality. The reduces the If the simplifying the the of graphics or reducing the of or Turn off the then the Turn the off the the or SelecType. You to increase the amount of memory. Chapter information memory. The properly the C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 There Cartridge the Cartridge the Cartridge", LC1 The properly. the occurred the the of the Cover occurred the the The to manually. The and to the and the Overflow The memory the To the the the If the the as You clear this turning the off, seconds, and then turning back Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Memory The memory the memory to as "Memory the path. the and clear the as this chapter. the cleared, the reprinted. the cover the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE to the occurred the the to the high to the path. C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 XXXXX YYYY There the specified of the indicated the the sections of the Started! and of to and XXXXX YYYY The the specified match the the with the and The to the the the too Press the to If this appears Protect the of the of to this If to this when simplifying the the of graphics or reducing the and of You memory to the as Chapter The cover the cover to Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: RAM The its RAM memory. Ready The ready to The interface and the cleared. other interfaces active and their and to the the that to You should the to the ROM The of its ROM memory. The C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 Service or detected. the the and off the least seconds and then back If this off the the cord, and service The turned The of You should the toner Warming The DIMM This internal the the If this EPSON Writing DIMM The writing the to ROM A. Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the There to the the and clears the from the active interface. You to the when there with the and the successfully. To the the and the appears the and ready to clears the memory, and the to the The memory from interfaces and To the and the appears the and ready to You turning off the Performing clears from interfaces, to of C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 the Cartridge The Cartridge to the complexity of If become the SelecType to the function to approximately toner the Cartridge. count the (empty) and the about of the toner capacity. If only the indicating that there than toner should Cartridge. to the S051056 Cartridge. the the the top right of the and the cover the Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the Cartridge as shown the and to the its or Warning: the which CAUTION HIGH TEMPERATURE of the properly. the Cartridge from its C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 the which the toner packed, to the instance, the the toner to sunlight or light of You should the toner as as from its to to the the Cartridge as shown the below, and or to and the toner the evenly. the clean, with hand. the other to the of the and the horizontally. Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the It that the top of the when this; the its or upside-down, serious to the the as shown below, and it the the the clicks You should the the and the to the correctly. the cover. the Press the the the displays the Then the Item to the Count Clear displays and the toner counter C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 Cleaning the The cleaning. If quality, clean the of the as this section. You should the and the cover every months. Cleaning the of the If the outer or dusty, off the and with cloth with or thinner to the cover; these chemicals the and the to the or Cleaning the of the of the Follow the below to the of the the the white this that to the the turned off. the cover. the Cartridge, as Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: shown the below, the cleaning and once the of the when cleaning the If too scratch and the If white cleaning the to the Cartridge. the Cartridge, the top cover of the and to the supply turning Cleaning the of the the with cloth. If which following the this section, the the cover, then the cleaning the of the the from the and clean the with cloth. C A5 Troubleshooting and
C A5 toner If toner the the the If only amount of toner the of the with clean, cloth. If amount of toner from supply stores) to Then with clean, cloth. and other cleaners. to the instructions If toner clothing, it off with as the toner to Troubleshooting and <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Transporting the If to using the and as follows: Turn off the the from the outlet and the and the interface the cover, the Cartridge, and the the the to bright light. the cover. the and from If there the MP that as the to and and the MP back If the optional as Chapter If the optional sheet and/or the them as Chapter the protective then the its C A5 Troubleshooting and
<leadername> Sign-off: Technical Specifications A-2 Specifications. A-2 A-3 A-3 A-4 Mechanical. A-5 A-5 Interfaces. A-6 interface A-6 the ECP and A-13 Interface. A-14 A-14 and A-18 Sheet Unit Universal (C81290 A-18 (C81294 A-18 Unit (C81293 A-19 (S051056) A-19 C A5 Technical Specifications A-1
C A5 Specifications Since the of or type of the EPSON the of type of of purchasing or and reduce and other to to to to MP A4 A5 B5 inches) inches) inches) Government inches) Government inches) inches) F4 Custom to to Monarch inches) inches) DL C5 International B5 C6 A-2 Specifications <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: that The the currently and eletrophotographic to with A4 the and the of First than seconds with Warm-up About seconds feed: or feed feed supply to sheets the MP or (optional) selection to C A5 to the to the optional Technical Specifications A-3
C A5 HP (LJ4 Optional and LJ4 RAM: 8MB, to 40MB Operation: to C to F) Humidity: Operation: to RH A-4 Technical Specifications <leadername> Sign-off: HP-GL/2 (GL2 ESC/P2 (ESC/P2 ESC/P (FX IBM to C to F) to RH
<leadername> Sign-off: Mechanical and inches) years or whichever first to to Rated to to Rated than than C A5 Width: inches) Depth: inches) (about options Technical Specifications A-5
C A5 Interfaces interface The (IEEE 1284-I interface assignments shown the below. The heading Direction to the of as from the Direction IEEE 1284-B IN IN/OUT DATA1 IN/OUT DATA2 IN/OUT DATA3 IN/OUT DATA4 IN/OUT DATA5 IN/OUT DATA6 IN/OUT DATA7 IN/OUT DATA8 OUT OUT OUT OUT Select IN NC GND CG OUT PeripheralLogic High A-6 Technical Specifications <leadername> Sign-off: ECP
<leadername> Sign-off: Direction IEEE 1284-B GND IN OUT GND NC OUT +5V IN IEEE1284 Active to DATA Negotiation phase: to high. ECP Used to and from the to the with DATA to DATA (bidirectional, input ECP or EPP supported) Negotiation phase: used. ECP Bidirectional C A5 ECP Technical Specifications A-7
C A5 DATA the MSB, DATA the LSB. Acknowledgment to that from the host. Negotiation phase: IEEE supported; to high to that theXflag and phase: that the phase: switched from to high, that the that there ECP Used to from the to the with High that the to phase: Reflects the BUSY of the phase: this as and then phase: Reflects the BUSY of the ECP Used flow this as ninth that whether the command or A-8 Specifications <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: PError/AckDataReq/nAckReverse High that feed occurred the supply section, or that there the phase: High whether or IEEE or this conforms with phase: this as and then phase: High the this conforms with ECP authorizes The this to whether or as to the high. Negotiation phase: the Used to to the from the host. phase: this as and then phase: as phase. ECP as phase. C A5 Technical Specifications A-9
C A5 nAutoFd/HostBusy/HostAck Not used. phase: to this and IEEE 1284active (nSelectIn) high. this high whenPtrClk phase: this to the that the ready to this high, that the the phase: This high to to to phase. If this high the that IEEE 1284active (nSelectIn) the IEEE phase aborted and the interface to ECP Used flow NC Not used. PeripheralLogicHigh to with A-10 Technical Specifications <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: detected, the to BUSY the released. phase: high. phase: high. ECP when switching to The peripheral to the when this and 1284active high. that occurred. phase: This high to authorize compatibility. the high, this to that the phase: This to to that the ready. this as and then phase: Indicates whether or the ECP This to with the host. both and C A5 Technical Specifications A-11
C A5 nSelectIn/IEEE1284active Negotiation phase: This high the that to phase: This high to that the from the to the host. This to terminate the from the to the phase: as phase. ECP high. This to terminate ECP and to GND Twisted CG Connected to the chassis. This and GND connected. +5V to with A-12 Technical Specifications <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: the ECP and To the ECP with (IEEE the ECP The ECP with workgroups, NT and NT To the ECP follow these the ECP the BIOS that with of the and to the Click the button, to and then Right-click the and the that appears. Select the Select the ECP [COM LPT], then the Select the the the This Click OK to the C A5 Technical Specifications A-13
C A5 Interface The interface the following characteristics: Word length: or Parity: or Stop or ready (XON/XOFF to ON) the SelecType to the (approximately to bits/second): RS-232C conforms to EIA Connector: or The interface DTR Ready) and XON/XOFF or the the input to bytes, the XOFF or the DTR to (MARK), indicating that Once the the recovers to bytes, the the XON or the DTR to high (SPACE), indicating that ready to character or detected. A-14 Technical Specifications <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: assignments The interface assignments and of the interface shown the below. The of as from the TXD OUT This from the to the RXD IN This from the to the CTS IN OUT This from the to the DTR OUT ready. This whether or the ready to If the ready selected, the ready to (this HIGH.) If the ready selected, the when the HIGH and when the LOW. the DTR LOW, the within characters. This function or off with the of the This from the to the This from the to the IN This from the to the The heading "Direction" to the of as from the C A5 RS-232C Direction Technical Specifications A-15
C A5 the Interface If interface, to that the and the using the If the match, the The the or The the interface below. To the the Remote information about type: RS-232C Word length: Parity: NONE Stop XON/XOFF: ON DSR: OFF You to computers already to the The following to the To the software, software Workgroups, and NT the the Double-click the the that appears, the Select COM Click the OK button. the A-16 Technical Specifications <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: and NT Click the to and then Right-click the EPSON EPL-5700 and the that appears. to right-click Select the Click the arrow to the Then COM Click OK to this the interface You the interface that with to specify the and the of the interface the following interface rates: and If to with higher that the to match the the and the This with HSERIAL the DOS and To the of the and the selection. the to the and type the following: would to the COM1 the type the following: If type the following: C A5 C:\HSERIAL C:\HSERIAL the selection the selection C:\HSERIAL /P=1 /B=576 C:\HSERIAL Technical Specifications A-17
C A5 and Unit (C81290 A4, B5, to to feed: to sheets or feed the first seconds or types: such as and supply: DC the and (C81294 Dimensions(including and Height or capacity: A-18 Specifications <leadername> Sign-off: inches) inches) inches) including the including the inches) inches) inches)
<leadername> Sign-off: Unit (C81293 A4, to to and Height (S051056) to 35C to 95F) humidity: to RH Shelf life: months Life: to the following or and ratio The of with the type of If or text the the The ratio to C A5 inches) inches) inches) Technical Specifications A-19
C A5 A-20 Technical Specifications <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Introduction to B-2 LJ4 B-3 International ISO B-21 ESC/P or FX B-22 International Character B-26 Characters with the ESC command B-27 I239X B-28 EPSON GL/2 B-28 C A5 B-1
C A5 Introduction to of of these the international characters to each Normally, software and to the If writing or software that to the following sections which to should which to with the which and which choose. B-2 <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: LJ4 The following the LJ4 of the characters each included this chapter. ID ESC (includes another ECM94-1 ISO PsMath ISO MsPublishing Math-8 IBM-US IBM-DN OCR OCR OCR EAN/UPC The other the following: Swedish, ANSI ASCII, UK, Spanish, HP JIS HP Spanish, Chinese, IRV, IBM and IBM Spanish. These of the the typeface. C A5 8U 0E 0N 1U 2N 5M 5N 5T 6J 6M 7J 8M 9E 9T 9U 10J 10U 11U 12J 12U 13J 14J 15U 17U 19M 19U 579L 0O 1O 3Q 0Y 8Y typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces typefaces SWA typefaces More SWM OCR OCR OCR types) EAN/UPC types) B-3
C A5 The and typefaces to those shown the below: SWC Incised SWC SWC Ribbon SWC SWC Audrey SWC SWC SWC SWM Dutch SWM SWC Gothic SWC Dutch SWC SWC B-4 <leadername> Sign-off: Typefaces
<leadername> Sign-off: (8U) (0E) C A5 B-5
C A5 ECM94-1 (0N) (1U) B-6 <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: ISO (2N) PsMath (5M) C A5 B-7
C A5 ISO(5N) (5T) B-8 <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: MsPublishing (6J) (6M) C A5 B-9
C A5 (7J) Math-8 (8M) B-10 <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: (9E) (9T) C A5 B-11
C A5 (9U) (10J) B-12 <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: IBM-US (10U) IBM-DN (11U) C A5 B-13
C A5 (12J) (12U) B-14 <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: (13J) (14J) C A5 B-15
C A5 (15U) (17U) B-16 <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: (19M) (19U) C A5 B-17
C A5 (579L) OCR (0O) B-18 <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: OCR (1O) OCR (3Q) C A5 B-19
C A5 (0Y) EAN/UPC (8Y) B-20 <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: International ISO To the below, the characters the ANSI ASCII with the characters the below. ASCII ANSI ASCII (0U) (0D) French (0F) HP (0G) ASCII (0K) (0S) (1D) UK (1E) French (1F) (1G) HP Spanish (1S) Chinese (2K) Spanish (2S) IRV (2U) (3S) (4S) IBM (5S) IBM Spanish (6S) C A5 5B 5C 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E B-21
C A5 ESC/P or FX EPSON SWC EPSON EPSON EPSON Gothic SWC SWM* Dutch SWM* OCR OCR ESC/P B-22 <leadername> Sign-off: PC BRASCII, PC OCR
<leadername> Sign-off: PC437 PC850 PC860 C A5 B-23
C A5 PC863 (Canadian-French) PC865 PC857 PC852 (East B-24 <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: BRASCII characters the character C A5 B-25
C A5 International Character You of the following international character SelecType or the ESC command. when SelecType, the characters the the below the character Country ASCII USA UK Norway II America ESC/P B-26 <leadername> Sign-off: 5B 5C 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E
<leadername> Sign-off: Characters with the ESC To the characters the below, the ESC command. C A5 B-27
C A5 I239X I239X PC437, PC850, PC860, PC863, and PC865. to ESC/P or FX the section. EPSON SWC, EPSON EPSON Gothic, EPSON EPSON and EPSON EPSON GL/2 EPSON GL/2 the as those to the section B-28 <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: C Command Summary (LJ4) Commands C-3 GL/2 commands. C-6 ESC/P and FX Commands C-9 ESC/P C-9 FX C-12 PJL Commands C-15 I239X Commands. C-16 C-16 Text C-17 Functions C-18 AGM C-19 C A5 Command Summary C-1 C
C A5 the to the following each LJ-4 ESC/P2 EPSON LQ-570 FX EPSON FX-870/1170, or LX-100 GL/2 GL/2 graphics the following supported: PJL EJL EPSON This the commands these of the commands closely the or the however, the Additional information the of commands with these C-2 Command Summary <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: (LJ4) Commands This section the commands the LJ4 information commands, reference ESC of ESC ESC%#X Long-edge offset ESC Short-edge (right) offset ESC Unit of ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Top ESC Text ESC ESC Right ESC Clear ESC Perforation ESC Motion Index (HMI) ESC Motion (VMI) ESC ESC Cursor ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC &a#H feed ESC termination ESC ESC &f#S C A5 Command C-3 C
C A5 Font selection ESC Secondary ESC ESC (s#P Secondary ESC )s#P pitch ESC (s#H Secondary pitch ESC )s#H pitch ESC height ESC (s#V Secondary height ESC )s#V ESC (s#S Secondary ESC )s#S ESC (s#B Secondary ESC )s#B typeface family ESC (s#T Secondary typeface family ESC )s#T ESC Secondary ESC ESC ESC ESC Font Assign ID ESC Font and character ESC ESC ESC ESC Select with ID# ESC (#X Select secondary with ID# ESC )#X Soft creation Font ESC Download character ESC Character ESC C-4 Command Summary <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Graphics ESC graphics ESC graphics ESC offset ESC ESC ESC graphics B) ESC graphics C) ESC height ESC ESC Select ESC Select ESC Select ESC (PCL ESC ESC height (PCL ESC height ESC ESC management/creation ID ESC ESC ESC reference ESC ID ESC ESC &f#X readback readback location type ESC *s#T readback location ESC *s#U readback ESC *s#I ESC memory ESC *s1M ESC C A5 Command Summary C-5 C
C A5 hints End-of-line ESC &s#C ESC functions ESC PCL graphics switching PCL ESC %#A GL/2 ESC %#B GL/2 GL/2 anchor GL/2 commands PCL ESC %#A ESC FI Secondary FN or SB Transparency TR Screened vectors SV of NP AA relative AR three AT BZ relative BR PA PR PD PU Relative three RT PE C-6 Command Summary <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Circle CI RA RR Edge EA Edge relative ER WG Edge EW PM FP Edge EP Character Select SS SA DI Relative DR character SI Relative character SR Character SL ES SD AD Character CF LO LB DT Character CP TD text DV and type LT LA PW selection WU Select SP SM type FT Anchor AC RF type UL C A5 Command Summary C-7 C
C A5 and SC IW P1 and P2 IP relative P1 and P2 IR DF IN RO CO C-8 Command Summary <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: ESC/P and FX Commands This section the commands the ESC/P and FX ESC/P operation ESC loading/ejecting ESC EM feeding CR FF feed LF 1/8-inch ESC Select 1/6-inch ESC n/180-inch ESC n/360-inch ESC ESC ESC C ESC C inches ESC C ESC top/bottom ESC ESC right ESC C A5 Command Summary C-9 C
C A5 motion ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC HT ESC vertically VT inch ESC inch ESC Font selection Select typeface ESC Select pitch and ESC Select ESC Select ESC Select ESC Turn on/off ESC Select LQ or ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC set/clear ESC Select Pitch ESC C-10 Command Summary <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Font Select SI DC2 Select double-width SO Turn double-width on/off ESC double-width DC4 Turn double-height on/off ESC Select ESC ESC Select ESC ESC ESC Select ESC Turn on/off ESC character ESC Spacing intercharacter ESC SP ESC Character Assign character ESC character ESC Select international character ESC character ESC Copy ROM to RAM ESC ESC of ESC ESC as characters ESC Selection and of ESC Select graphic ESC graphics ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC C A5 Command Summary C-11 C
C A5 FX commands topic The following section and FX and LQ commands topic. ESC loading/ejecting ESC EM CR motion feed FF ESC C inches ESC C perforation ESC perforation ESC LF Select 1/8-inch ESC 7/72-inch ESC 1/6-inch ESC Select n/216-inch ESC n/216-inch ESC vertically VT ESC characters with the ESC C or ESC C0 commands), while FX might them. motion ESC ESC\ ESC right ESC HT ESC C-12 Command Summary <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Select or ESC The and the ESC command. Select typeface family ESC ESC and character Select ESC Select ESC Turn on/off ESC Select SI DC2 Select double-width SO double-width DC4 Turn double-width on/off ESC Turn double-height on/off ESC Font Select ESC ESC Select ESC ESC The ESC and ESC commands effects, combining the Select ESC ESC Select ESC ESC Turn on/off ESC C A5 Command Summary C-13 C
C A5 Word intercharacter ESC SP Select character ESC Assign character ESC international character ESC Printable ESC ESC Characters characters ESC The appearance of characters using ESC slightly from FX Copy ROM to RAM ESC Select ESC Printable ESC Select graphics ESC Selection and of ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC C-14 Command Summary <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: PJL Commands This section the commands (PJL). information PJL, to the Technical Reference from COMMENT @PJL COMMENT [<CR>] <LF> DEFAULT @PJL DEFAULT [LPARM: [<CR>] <LF> DINQUIRE @PJL DINQUIRE [LPARM: [<CR>] <LF> ECHO @PJL ECHO [Words] [<CR>] <LF> ENTER @PJL ENTER LANGUAGE [<CR>] <LF> EOJ @PJL EOJ [NAME= [<CR>] <LF> INFO @PJL INFO [<CR>] <LF> INITIALIZE @PJL INITIALIZE [<CR>] <LF> INQUIRE @PJL INQUIRE [LPARM: [<CR>] <LF> JOB @PJL JOB [NAME ***][START ***][END ***][<CR>] <LF> OPMSG @PJL OPMSG DISPLAY [<CR>] <LF> RDYMSG @PJL RDYMSG DISPLAY [<CR>] <LF> RESET @PJL RESET [<CR>] <LF> SET @PJL SET [LPARM: [<CR>] <LF> STMSG @PJL STMSG DISPLAY [<CR>] <LF> UEL <ESC>%-12345X USTATUS @PJL USTATUS [<CR>] <LF> USTATUSOFF @PJL USTATUSOFF [<CR>] <LF> PJL @PJL [<CR>] <LF> C A5 Command Summary C-15 C
C A5 I239X Commands This section the commands the I239X information these commands, reference Printable ESC C inches ESC C NUL perforation ESC perforation ESC ESC to 1/8-inch ESC to 7/72-inch ESC text ESC graphics or inch) ESC text inch) ESC Unit or inch) ESC ESC ESC ESC C-16 Command Summary <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: feeding/print motion CR LF feed FF vertically or inch) ESC feed ESC ESC BS SP HT VT inch) ESC top of ESC Text Font selection Select pitch DC2 Select pitch ESC: SI ESC SI ESC ESC ESC Select and pitch ESC[I Select or ESC Select character ESC Select character ESC Select ESC[T character ESC character from ESC C A5 Command Summary C-17 C
C A5 Font Continuous ESC_ Continuous ESC- ESC[- Select type ESC[@ double-width SO double-width ESC SO double-width DC4 Double-width ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Normal graphics ESC graphics ESC graphics ESC High-density graphics ESC Graphic ESC ESC ESC [P- Functions ESC [K input CAN function Select ESC [F C-18 Command <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: AGM graphics or inch) ESC text inch) ESC feeding/print motion vertically or inch) ESC LF graphics ESC graphics ESC graphics ESC High-density graphics ESC Graphic ESC Select graphic ESC C A5 Command Summary C-19 C
C A5 C-20 Command Summary <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Working with Fonts and D-2 Fonts D-3 More D-6 Downloading D-6 Selecting D-6 C A5 Working with D-1
C A5 this section would to about and of the To Font such The other than the selected with software. The exactly match what These of other than LJ4 or when trying to that the If and below, to to them. and Screen Fonts both the and the The which memory, the to which computer's to text to the that of the and The normally that specially the of or character. The that created from mathematical that the outline of each character. allows the to character the The distinction and as when which included with outline that both the and the D-2 Working with Fonts <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: The following the that The of the appear software's using the with the (If using of these The with the shown the following LJ4/GL2 Font Scalable HP CG Dutch SWC Italic, Italic, CG SWC Ribbon SWC SWC SWC Italic, Italic, Italic, Incised SWC Olive Italic, SWC SWC SWC SWM Dutch SWM Italic, New SWA SWM C A5 Univers Working with D-3
C A5 Font Scalable HP SWC Italic, Gothic SWC Gothic Font HP OCR OCR selecting software choose the the HP ESC/P and FX Font EPSON EPSON SWC EPSON EPSON SWM* SWM* Gothic SWC ESC/P D-4 Working with Fonts <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: I239X EPSON To the the SelecType. that loaded. Press while the Press Item the appears. Press Font printed. C A5 Font OCR OCR Font EPSON SWC EPSON EPSON Gothic EPSON EPSON Font OCR with Fonts D-5
C A5 More Fonts Fonts that downloaded, or to the they printed. Downloaded memory off the or otherwise If downloading memory. Downloading easy to their The the option of the whenever or only when to If clicking the Fonts the Once the applications. Selecting Whenever from the software software instructions. If text to the directly from DOS or using software that include selection, with the Remote instructions, Chapter Selecting the recommended. Selecting from software and selection from software the selection from the Remote D-6 Working with <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Contacting Customer United and the of Ireland users E-2 Australian E-4 users. E-5 users E-6 users. E-7 E-7 E-8 C A5 Contacting Customer E-1
C A5 If operating properly and with the troubleshooting information this and EPSON services to to the information indicated below. of (The the back of the Brand and of software (Click About the NT, of software normally with United and the of Ireland users If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, EPSON (UK) LTD of services and technical World EPSON Service Customer and Warranty Pre the following sections World If to the and information the EPSON products, software and to E-2 Contacting Customer <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: EPSON EPSON service information including troubleshooting switch and information. To EPSON, the UK or from the of Ireland touch-tone You to follow to Once telephone and numbers, EPSON of the to found the that the EPSON and the ID numbers. The to automatically. Service and You the EPSON Service the UK or from the of Ireland. membership required. that software to ANSI and of to Downloading include and the that with software and information. first to the Service, and (which yourself). Customer and Warranty Customer and Warranty teams the UK or from the of Ireland. They the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty of EPSON Customer and Warranty services the technical section of www.epson.co.uk/support/ and EPSON service C A5 Contacting Customer E-3
C A5 Pre The the UK or from the of Ireland, the UK or from the of Ireland, and They the following information: Pre information and EPSON products Where to purchase EPSON and options Australian users EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as this the following information: EPSON FAXBACK EPSON FAXBACK the specifications and EPSON products offered There technical information including of the software and and the through of choices the information to EPSON This where the software and the BBS to the If URL Access the EPSON World Worth the You the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON E-4 Contacting Customer <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: Dont that often and The should the first They often and easily as as the to EPSON EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of answered The to the information when The information the the This information includes the EPSON type of operating and other information required. users the telephone and below: C A5 Contacting Customer E-5
C A5 To technical as as other services, users to EPSON Limited. EPSON established both Chinese and English the to with the following information: Product information to Frequently of EPSON World www.epson.com.hk. board board (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: BBS: Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: Phone: E-6 Contacting Customer <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: To technical as as other services, users to the EPSON Office the and below: BBS: To technical as as other services, to EPSON Limited. EPSON established both Chinese and English the to users with the following information: Product information to of EPSON World www.epson.com.hk. (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: BBS: C A5 Contacting Customer E-7
C A5 Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: Phone: To technical as as other services, users to the EPSON Office the and below: BBS: E-8 Contacting Customer <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: of SelecType Switching SelecType F-2 C A5 appf.mif of SelecType F-1
C A5 appf.mif Switching SelecType The following the and options SelecType. KEY Pressing the displays the Pressing the displays the This only with option. F-2 of SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: C A5 appf.mif of SelecType F-3
C A5 appf.mif F-4 of SelecType <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: ASCII American Information of assigning to characters and The of computers, and software. feed which each (CR) (LF) The of displayed and memory character of numbers, and (characters inch) of the of fixed-width text characters. or that when the turned or initialized. inch The of inch of The higher the of the higher the To information from the to the that the memory from such as inch. The of software that commands from the commands the Also known as the The of the where the and to the C A5
C A5 glossary.mif fixed-width whose characters the amount of the of the character. the the amount of as the of characters and that typographic and family The of and of halftone that of The together to or to or white the Newspaper photographs of halftones. The of the to its of interface The the and the interface character or and interface that oriented the This that than high and useful spreadsheets. memory The of the that to information. information and to the operates. Information that to the from the (such as memory temporarily. RAM and ROM to the which characters This this or with the text turned outline whose mathematically, allowing to or smoothly PCL The built the photoconductor of the that <leadername> Sign-off:
<leadername> Sign-off: pitch of the of characters inch fixed-width The height of as measured from the top of the character to the of the lowest. typographic of to of inch. that oriented upright the (as to which oriented the This the or of operating commands that from the and acted existing such as the HP whose characters amounts of the of the character. the than the lowercase RAM Access Memory (RAM) where temporary information Remote software to to including and To refresh the memory and the that permanently the memory. of the and clarity of the or measured inch. measured that smooths the of or ROM Memory (ROM) where information C A5 glossary.mif
C A5 glossary.mif outline The that off the of character. sheet that the and other information. of and characters. assigned to character that Apple and Microsoft Corporation. that easily or <leadername> Sign-off:
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND Phone: EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. Phone: EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, Phone: SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. February