This and and and erly, that with the instructions, interference to and reception. It type tested and found to comply with the Class computing with the specifications of of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following the the with to the the outlet that the and branch If the user should the or technician The the following the Commission helpful: This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington, DC The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the lished the FCC this If this than interface connected to interfaces. rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, with- the written of Corporation. with to the of the information While the of this Corporation responsibility or Neither from the of the information Graphics created with UniPaint Unison World Inc. and EPSON 3D-Graph. Apple of Apple Computer, Inc. of Corporation. of Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Microsoft of Microsoft Corporation. ESC/P of Corporation. Copyright Corporation Y446991030 FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS to and interference WARNING
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat This should built-in provided. This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding type third This only grounding-type This If to the the to the of the grounding-type this where the
If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the outlet of this through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that to or other servicing those to service this from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or or frayed. B. If the C. If the to or D. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions of other and often technician to the to operation. E. If the or the F. If the performance, indicating service. PQ277
Introduction The EX the well-known of with normally to costly The of higher than characters and perfected switch to of Near Quality or The Option EX of the the JX-80 with the however, inexpensive ribbons when The SelecType to both of the Near Quality (NLQ) pitches, and to the the While the EX the SelecType shows what choices If using software IBM@ the choice of the EX or IBM the of both the commands character graphics those IBM and computers. Loading than sheets and the built-in push-feed of of continuous-feed including graphics, the EX the bidirectional the of graphics Introduction
About this To to EX-800 or EX-1000, this includes This which the of the back the first chapters instructions. The another to the They easy to the section of the to there four other covers the and Graphics advanced and the sections reference information, including the to of the commands, and Finally, there and and the back of the reference containing the information Introduction
Chapter the EX easy follow the this chapter. Although this covers both the EX-800 and the EX-1000, the (the EX-800) the the that the EX-1000 the the that the there and that of them the the The the
the You should the first three the and the the that the cover and the cover off the the and it off. the the the right of the as shown the of the the with the of the then the firmly that the feed to the of that the (the the head the head and it to the right as shown below. the
finished the and the head the and them to the transporting the D. Choosing the The enough to the the to reach. the following the or other Choose that and free from heat (including sunlight), and grounded outlet-one that three to match the the Dont the with or other that might the supply from of interference such as the of telephones. the Ribbon The EX and trouble-free installation. With the option whenever and You both of in-the the cover. If the that turned off. the
WARNING The OFF when the head. the Also, the the to the head becomes the head to about the the the from its and the turning the the of the arrow, as shown the the the the together; then (as shown below) the head that the the back of the the the and that the the head and the Release the that the the the the of the head the
Turn the to that the freely the The EX-800 becomes too light, the whole ribbons specifically EX It to ribbons other of and should try to the ribbon. To the the the and and of the You then as the cord, that the switch the of the below) turned off; then the properly grounded turning the absolutely Turning the when the head seriously the Turning the the
the ON with the switch the of the the things The head back and forth and the of the this the The and to the the The and to (which E). The light the the The consists of three shown below. The three buttons the right the and with the The four lights when the turned and when ready to The the
The buttons There three buttons the right of the The light to this that the ON LINE to and from the the light off, the off and Press the to from to off or from off to The off when to without the Pressing the ON LINE then The other buttons when the off FORM FEED This sheet of or to the top of LINE FEED This the each or continuously the this to to the feed while the turned You the The lights to the ON LINE light, the three other lights. POWER This to that the connected to the and turned READY This when the and ready to It normally PAPER OUT This when the of The the of switches that choose the and This SelecType, which Chapter the
the You the Right to to the cover that what The the the together as shown and the the Then the that about -inch from the of the The Second, the the vertically and that the the as shown below. Then the. back the
Loading normally to the of If EX-1000, to 14-inch-wide that of the the Roth the EX them. These (shown below) whether to the back or when of Turn the ON first. the the the the release and back. that the the (back) You to the single-sheet the ON LINE light OFF If ON, the ON LINE once. the
the the with its to the as shown below. the the then of the to the single-sheet (indicated the This the feed the the the the back to the This the its top the If the (the the the from the and This the If nothing that the turned ON and that the ON LINE light off. Then the and 1-1O. the the
the The EX built-in that the characters its memory that that the properly The the of the DIP switches. This of the the section of this the that the and that the OFF To the the Near Quality (NLQ) the FORM FEED while the the release the FORM FEED The first the of the and of DIP switch Then the characters from its memory The the off. of typical shown below. OFF CG Table MODE ESC/P Country U. S. A. OFF OFF LF OFF /0X23456769: <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJ <=>?BABCDEFGHIJK ;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKL <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLM <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMN ;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNO ;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP o ;<=>?BABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQ o ;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQR the
To the the the LINE FEED instead of the FORM FEED while the The EX however, the NLQ DIP switch Therefore, the Quality of the Quality NLQ, without DIP switch. (DIP switches E.) Connecting the to EX interface Therefore, to the that interface and The interfaces RS-232C interface. If immediately The that other interfaces of the optional interface boards know which interface to The interface More connecting interface that both the and off. Then the the as shown Next the and them ground wire. this to the ground screw the to from interference. Then the other of the the and the ground the of the interfaces further the
The interface the interface, should interface the IBM* PC and and other with DB-25 including the Apple IIe with interface. (Although the interface with IBM or usually to EX to the of IBM or the Apple The interface the of four DIP switches. the section interfaces C information to them. the DIP Switches The EX switches that allow to of the to These switches, known as DIP switches, the back of the below. the
The switches of and numbered from to the below, the first of the shows the of the switches. You helpful as this section. DIP switch the around to easy to the switches. You easily the switches and off with thin pointed such as screwdriver or the of The switches ON when they UP and OFF when they DOWN. the that follow, the factory DIP switch off the the switch or switches, then the The and the the Interface If interface, the interface of the DIP switch should the following: the OFF CG Table MODE ESC/P C o U.S.A. OFF OFF OFF LF
If the interface switches and OFF If using interface, to C, which information interfaces. The operating and IBM ESC/P of commands and software computers. This the that should the and The of this to the ESC/P as the The EX operating ESC/P The IBM software that IBM It necessary to this EX to with IBM computers. from the of and IBM commands A, the commands and There which to the IBM software only IBM its selection You to the following characters and software them the If IBM with the DIP switch and choose IBM softwares selection EX as IBM You software that IBM that the commands allow to the of DIP switch the choice of operating Turning the switch OFF selects and ON selects IBM the
The character graphics of the characters IBM and character graphics and international characters. On previous these characters as With the EX, however, the character graphics without or of the of the commands. DIP switch the choice the character and graphic character CG the DIP switch Turning the switch ON selects the character graphic and turning OFF selects the that the character graphic DIP switch function the IBM that the EX to each DIP switch OFF IBM should to the of this switch. the choice The about the operating and the character graphics the software choose the and the Character Graphics (DIP switch OFF and DIP switch ON). That software and the of the commands. If DIP switch to OFF to choose instead of character graphics. On the other hand, character graphics, the to IBM DIP switch ON and software to match. You to and software to match. Although the IBM commands based of the commands, software. These and to and characters appear the
Other DIP switch the DIP switch of that reference or further information. the
the
Chapter Choosing and Loading The EX and of its singlesheet or its built- tractor. The tractor easy to and of widths. The singlesheet and easily, and optional Choosing Without single-sheet from to inches and from to inches (including the perforated You optional which inches You the that the If or the EX, than three or with thickness of than the thickness as the of this chapter. Loading You already singlesheet the of the chapter This combining with If amounts of however, to This optional that of and Choosing and Loading
whenever sheets as easy and to as The its own than sheets of there software allow to the of If software characters the when reaches the of the and sounds the this the ON LINE light off If software characters the of and to this the ON LINE light and the first thing should the ON LINE once to turn off. Once the ON LINE light off, the that and the as Loading Continuous-feed The push-feed tractor built the EX other types. It the to of with and easy to The push-feed tractor slightly than the pin-feed FX and the pull-through tractors. If to using other follow these instructions that the turned off. If using the with the You Choosing and Loading
Clear enough around the that the and of the There three of and with the or as with the near the and the the or shelf. the or and the the follow these to EX. the its the notches the back of the as shown This from catching the the cover and the head to about the the the and release Release the the locking back, as shown Releasing the the Choosing and Loading
the the to the and the locking to With the this the If to without or software the about inch from the that the perforated of the with the the the the when the covers the as shown then the right to its as the the that the first of and that the perforated attached. the first four the of the the of the as shown then the cover. the right that the the the and the cover. the the cover Choosing and Loading
If the straight and the right Turn the to the the plate front of the tractor. (The the shows the should through.) that the reaches the Turn the the the Then back the (the the right The back when with the the to the outgoing from pulled back the This the that the when sheets, with The notches that located the of the tractor. the the with the the notches the as shown below, then the back the the Choosing and Loading
the top of Finally that the the perforations, to top of The top of the of the when the turned This whenever software the or the length. the top of threestep process: that the turned off. the feed to the the first of perforations the as shown Turn the The this and of the advanced. This when to to the top of to the software, to the top of the top of the head. this the the correctly with software. The top of Choosing and Loading
that should the the while the turned You the of the and the of the top of Loading If to choose the type that mounted perforated with the tractor. friction that the of that inches, including the of the The with the tractor the as thicker than Therefore, the thickness which the of this chapter. Also, the the about inch from the locking WARNING with the feed or with commands. off the and the If become the authorized to the yourself. through tear them off perforation the then feed the through. It to than to the It to sheets. There normally the that the to catch the You these with the single-sheet Choosing and Loading
The Thickness You the EX to thicknesses of You to this when or the thickness off the the cover, and the head to the of the The thickness four You these the catch the as shown the should the from the with the notch the shown or the to the third or fourth from the the to the when thickness Catch Choosing and Loading
Chapter the EX with Application that and tested the to with Selection the type of that the of the features. installation or that of to choose from. If selection the instructions below. further information selecting or commands from the of this chapter, which covers spreadsheets, graphics and selections If software selection choose EX-800 or EX-1000. If the EX choose of the following. They of preference. EX-800 FX-85 FX-80 FX-80 FX LX If to the IBM choose IBM IBM Graphics or IBM that of preference. If the option choose EX or JX-80 IBM the IBM the option the EX with Application EX-1000 FX-286 FX-185 FX-100+ FX-100 FX
If the EX to the to whether to the and the EX properly If the correctly the selection and If the troubleshooting section D. Computer-Printer Computers and to characters and commands. To the the of computers, and software the American Information which usually to its ASCII. The ASCII includes characters and mathematical and other The such functions as sounding the and the enough to commands actually of or One of the the the of of Therefore, commands of the first of which the This the ASCII EX this using to or the the or to the of the the Further the to the of this chapter. the EX with Application
and commands to commands, should know they software The of or commands with of or The the based of the The or based of and often Instead of using only the through the the through F. the and OA, OB, and OC the and FF to to write that than with front, as shown this distinguished from the them 1B Other of the following: 1BH &H1B The Command Summary and the Reference Card both the and each command. Word the from and and headers and footers, and and other effects. Once using the ordinarily of features using command to around the text to the printed, the and translated commands On the distinctive while others the as appear-for or the EX with Application
This normally restricted to features that found such as and of commands the These commands or This the of allowing to command, To of however, to to the commands. the to commands If this the Command Summary this to the command, and the to to the command. If EX correctly both the EX and and this selected the the and installation information the options that of the or section interface, of the commands to If the troubleshooting section and of this Spreadsheets Although spreadsheets as as they and If spreadsheet of the to the selection. If spreadsheet the information the EX with Application
spreadsheets the of the The EX-800 and the EX-1000 and to the EX-800 and the EX-1000. Therefore, spreadsheet the of or commands spreadsheet usually commands within Instead, or of the whole spreadsheet. With the EX, there of commands to the of spreadsheet. spreadsheets the of commands to the spreadsheet to to commands. Then the Command Summary this to the to spreadsheet might to commands. To would the the Command Summary The ESC M, and the SI. spreadsheets the the commands, the Command Summary), might this: The the M, and SI (condensed). The SelecType, This allows to choose with buttons the If spreadsheet correctly both the EX and spreadsheet and this If the to selected the the EX with Application
If the facility the Command Summary to the commands. If the troubleshooting section spreadsheet or of this Graphics The EX of finely graphic or (with the optional Chapter information the graphics commands, the to of the with of the graphics graphics software, option to allow EX with option EX or FX should and white, to of If option software that option the EX or the JX-80 graphics selection which should the to the selection. to commands to the awareness of however, helpful or troubleshooting to to such as BASIC or to the the EX with Application
If, the other hand, to command to the correctly the with to whether the with the command, or the commands with BASIC You commands with The this written BASIC, BASIC included with of BASIC, and Microsoft* BASIC, the of to the LPRINT followed the text to as shown below: LPRINT "This text printed." the CHR$ function with the LPRINT LPRINT CHR$(27);CHR$(@); This ASCII and to the selecting of BASIC the ASCII the CHR$ function to (as or Also, where the to character, the character the LPRINT The command shown therefore other LPRINT CHR$(27);"E" LPRINT CHR$(&HlB);CHR$(&H&) Microsoft BASIC &H to numbers. If another of BASIC or the the to the these commands. the ES with Application
the EX with Application
Chapter SelecType The SelecType allows to choose features from the It easy of without to learn software commands, and when instead of when SelecType Choices With SelecType choose of these three You of these You SelecType ABCDEFGHIJKLf'hopqrstuvwxyz characters
The SelecType The SelecType (shown below) buttons that the and of the and lights to choice. These buttons three The first of selects the and The EX and NLQ (Near Quality) and To of these the the Three buttons the pitch and character You choose characters inch), characters inch), or The of characters from character to character. Therefore, than W. You choose of these the The of choose the this characters about of their If both and condensed, to characters with the EX-800 and with the EX-1000. This spreadsheets. The however, with the The SelecType SelecType
If to with condensed, condensed, which choose first. selected and then the three to that condensed. (The light off also.) If selected and then the three to that without to or first. to SelecType the SelecType created with and then the following Press the or buttons the that to Each selection and lighting the using command. If or three SelecType easy to SelecType the lighted buttons what the using SelecType Not Work to each operation, these (INIT) or to These or SelecType One however, SelecType This the ESC command. You whether the buttons when If the lights the the SelecType
If SelecType choices: the (which another such as to the that with SelecType the instead of SelecType to The to the that SelecType sophisticated commands that the that SelecType that the SelecType Therefore, NLQ and the DRAFT SelecType NLQ of the SelecType spreadsheets and NLQ and With SelecType the to first of and then switch to NLQ when perfected the and ready to the finished the of SelecType with the IBM recommended that should SelecType with that SelecType
Chapter EX You effects with the EX from the the to or to and phrases. This chapter shows the to with software. Once about the features, their commands the Command Summary SelecType, as know, the of whole Software commands, the other hand, from character to the Quality, and The to the EX the NLQ and The EX of quality: and NLQ (Near Quality). fast, and other NLQ fully-formed characters The below shows the NLQ and NLQ that the and SelecType easy of the and NLQ to NLQ of the with DIP switch E). You choose the and NLQ with software commands. If the option software of and of those to You graphics or text and whole or EX
and Character To to the EX pitches as as and four selected with SelecType or software command, and software commands offer other option: and Spacing The pitches and characters inch and The below shows the the tW0. Another this the of the characters Therefore, than W, as the below: The character the of characters. Double-width and to the pitches and the the EX offers other that the of These double-width and condensed. The double-width the of of characters. This such as headings reports and displays, usually amounts of o o EX ABCDEFGHIJKLhopqrstuvwxyz
and reduced to about of their with the This spreadsheets allows to characters 8-inch and 13-inch selected with SelecType, DIP switch E), or with software command. with the DIP switch, off with SelecType or the software command. or the characters or the and usually to the of characters to the of characters the as of characters. Effects and Emphasis The EX offers of of text and allows to and These software commands, them they properly Emphasized and both the slightly to the EX each character as the head the with the slightly to the right of the first. This fully-formed characters. the EX each with the slightly below the first. This the characters While NLQ however, NLQ characters already of the head. and combined. The the the of combining the EX characters
and such as footnote or of mathematical formulas, and the of of It and without The below shows with text and combined with and mathematical Character The EX incorporates character Character Graphics. This allows to of the of the commands and the character graphics IBM and and software. include the characters to and areas, professional effects. You the Character Graphics with software or DIP switch ON. to the DIP switch instead of the software command the character graphics then as as the EX V.P. and CEO V.P.
The other to the character to characters commonly other languages-chiefly and Scandinavian-such as characters and international character selected DIP switches to USA, UK, Danish, Swedish, and Spanish. the DIP switch these and selected software command. The character the following: Spanish and American. of these characters B. Also, characters You this or as typeface. Italics to They attractive and Other The commands the summary normally when using software. You of them with with (such as and that directly and therefore only to to the such as BASIC. EX
EX
Chapter Graphics and Characters The graphics allows EX to charts, or other and the character allows or software to characters the memory that them as they ordinary software graphics, to and the this and the software instructions. The and to graphics EX to graphics With such and then to the to the Graphics and Characters
If software that graphics, to about graphics to the software. If, the other hand, to own or to the EX graphics, The Head To graphics to know about the head The head the the to fire. Each the and the to the head the the fire to numbers, or Graphics and Characters
The head to graphics to text graphic the EX about the that newspapers and printed. If closely newspaper photograph, that of The EX its with of as as inch and vertically The the EX therefore, as finely as the the first of this chapter. its graphics the EX of each and the top of the Therefore, graphics each each of those the head the of specified. To than the head than The then the and another, as with To the head from leaving the graphics as the text the to the With spacing, the EX finely graphic that that they of each than of inch of the head of the which as or and as or as You to the whole or with graphics fact, as or as as and anywhere the The graphics to the which to fire each there of that allows to to which of the This shown the Graphics and Characters
To fire its To fire than the the of the and the to the Therefore, with these the fire the top To fire the If to fire the top and and then the together, fire of shows three of to the that fires of With this of the to and and duplicated. these graphics however, to know the of the graphics commands. Graphics Commands The graphics commands from other commands. of the other such as and double-width, the and another off. graphics, the the command that graphics of graphics printed. the this command, the as and them the Graphics and Characters
The graphics There graphics commands and the the the commands, however, the things only the graphics command, ESC K. graphics, there inch The to graphics ESC BASIC the this ESC graphics, and the and the of graphics. reservation graphics 8-inch of graphics; the 8-inch Since the than the graphics commands the commands numbers, supply than easy to and the of and to of graphics, and than of graphics the of of and the of to the to of graphic and You both and the of The and the If with MOD and INT the following formulas, which the of MOD INT Graphics and Characters
Graphics graphics such as ESC the the of specified and as graphics what they This that to supply exactly the right amount of graphics If supply too the and and to locked. The then as graphics, really On the other hand, too graphics the as Graphics The first this section shows graphics command, reservation numbers, and to of graphics. The BASIC If another the exactly the Therefore, easily the to the The first of the graphics The the that as It the to of the shown The FOR-NEXT of FOR X=1 TO LPRINT CRR$(74);: NEXT That the whole BASIC, the of the they the from other the other to to the to the below. Although as as the the of this chapter, shows exactly the Graphics and Characters
WIDTH software (including of BASIC) and every or characters. This with graphics. of graphics the of the and and as of BASIC graphics WIDTH the of graphics The of BASIC WIDTH LPTI:, or WIDTH LPRINT software the The shows of graphics than It textured or The below. The each of FOR and NEXT that the the the to If the There that the through to this of Graphics and Characters
The from characters the WIDTH The to of inch-the height of the the The through the graphics commands the of (fines and graphics each This of the to the each through the of The thing to to the to its including the Notice that the graphics (ESC K) only To than of graphics, the graphics issued each Although the this chapter the graphics there other eight-pin and that graphics the (ESC the summary The four eight-pin both and IBM Their commands ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z. there of the graphics ESC This the as the commands, that and the the graphics required. The the the The following shows to the ESC to graphics. This from the to exactly the as the first ESC K. Graphics and Characters
the that the to of (the CRT or to match the as to round (the high-speed and the head with the that the The higher that the of the than these however, that Reassigning graphics Another graphics assign eight-pin graphics to of the graphics commands. You with graphics software to the and of the graphics option the without the height. The reassigning graphics ESC this command, of the four graphics (K, L, Y, or Z) and the of the as to the ESC to the CRT graphics the BASIC would the following: Graphics and Characters
should whether the reassigning graphics Graphics This section through the of graphics The complicated, include the You should with to the which graphics shows the three that choose the this the graphic the three high-speed low-speed and they Graphics and Characters High-speed Low-speed
high-speed It should the right plotting the the each the the arrow the each high. Then each examined to the graphics The the first shown The the and the the of each Graphics and Characters
The the the Once the the they the DATA The to the This selects 7/72-inch only used. the each of graphics from the DATA and to the The Therefore both and the this the following If to the other the to Graphics and Characters
Characters The EX that allows to and characters of You alphabet or typeface, mathematical or or graphic to as building These characters only Also, software that creating characters or supply with of characters already created. of the character function to (These characters characters The below shows characters to of what that what or character of own, the temporary memory (RAM). The character with the the memory (ROM) and of them when The of character graphics the instructions where each printed. fact, character graphics To character that and the shows three of these characters the below the heavy Those characters with and Also, though to to the the characters. The the of shows character. Although there the EX head, Graphics and Characters
of them character. The the top the the the right as this section. Once the character the the each together, as graphics. Then, the character to this information to the the character The to characters ESC You than character with command. The and the ASCII of the first and characters If character, and the You and or and and to which the You other the ESC and ESC commands the Command Summary). to and If, instance, to the characters to Z, (or ASCII and (or ASCII the ESC AZ the would the of Graphics and Characters
Following the of the of characters to this that the of the character and whether the top or the The of the character the that the each of each character. Since character to supply each character of the character should the clear: the ESC selects The character The and the of characters this of The information about the character (which the the of the to the the and This heart and the of RAM ASCII which to the the characters the ROM. The of the threeline The first and third the the heart that Graphics and Characters
the to the below: both of characters (the ROM characters that the normally and the character the The to switch the and and the following If the ROM character selected. (This the If the character selected. If the character characters, the command the ROM characters used. You switch character the of To the of and the Copying ROM to RAM the the character and to other characters, the that the heart. If the character that nothing printed, as to of the characters, leaving the of the as to switch back and forth the character and the character Normally to of the characters from ROM to the of RAM that the character The of the to this as follows: If this the of then the characters to then the character and as character There then to switch back and forth Graphics and Characters
This characters already created. You this to the characters. Specifying the and height The of the other The things: the of the character and its the The when the character If character to the the third of characters that the top and and character the with the should other character follow these to If character than the of with the following Starting with to every the right and the If the character should with the top character the top and and the as follows: with the right, the to with the top that Mixing The characters with NLQ, of and with characters. Graphics and Characters
The below shows the heart character Other that characters RAM, which Whenever the turned off or (INIT) of the characters INIT each BASIC or when and to them. If the the with the ESC command, the ROM selected, the characters The IBM of characters. A-44 the Command Summary interested. Graphics and Characters
Command Summary This and the commands, both (ESC/P) and IBM the EX. This summary The first each and the where the of this If know which command the to the where The Reference Card the of the of the commands topic, with that to of the commands. The and the Reference Card the the and the IBM The of this and commands and IBM commands and the commands the following Operation Motion Motion Each section and section. The section the ASCII, and the command; the section the of the and information three and should easy to the to Command Summary Word Processing Character Characters Graphics
the chart A-3 information these. the following commands that only or the the ASCII and or the ASCII characters and used: s, ESC ESC U, ESC ESC ESC W, ESC S, ESC and ESC% BASIC double-width with of these The type of command consists of character to to the instance, to the ASCII SI OF This from the directly More commands of or character to the the following: ASCII ESC 1B this or to or You the following to ON from BASIC: LPRINT A-2 Command Summary
chart The below the The that the the the the or that the and the to the that this and the other Command Summary A-3
Commands This section the EX commands, with their and The the the right the this where of the found. If the and IBM the the the both and the section. Command Summary
A-5 Command Summary
A-6 Command Summary
(ESC/P) Commands The following section and the (ESC/P) commands. the and clears the of the the command. Selection DC1 Format: ASCII DC1 the to the selected the (DC3). the switched off the ON LINE A-7 Command Summary
DC3 Format: ASCII DC3 the the received. The reselected with the ON LINE C Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following turned ON. turned OFF A-8 Command Summary Turn On/Off
Turn Immediate On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following turned ON. OFF this the character character rather than as the It the that the the and then back This command the selected. Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3C normally bidirectional. This selects (It The head to the and from to right. A-9 Command Summary Select Unidirectional
ESC Turn Unidirectional On/Off Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following turned ON. turned OFF normally bidirectional. This selects positioning text or graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B off the that to the of of ESC Therefore, the sounds and when the reaches approximately of inch from the of the Command Summary A-10 Paper-out
Turn On/Off ESC EM Format: ASCII ESC EM 1B The following turned ON. turned OFF The should the sheet It other than or The command the of DIP switch The the characrers or and or or MSB MSB the MSB (ESC ESC and ESC graphics or characters. the MSB of incoming to with the MSB to which that or character graphics printed. ESC this Command Summary A-11
the MSB of as the MSB ESC or ESC Sounds the A-12 Command Summary
Prints the the and the to the DIP switch ON or the AUTO FEED XT the interface LOW. text the the text character the Command Summary A-13
Motion Prints the the and the to the top of the to the length. the to the spacing. The of from The top of to the the to inches. The of from The top of to the A-14 Command Summary
The the of the and the first the with the (1/6inch), and ESC the EX to and then DIP switch the function. This ESC C or ESC C NUL The of from the ESC N. the of DIP switch this received, the the and the the spacing. Command Summary A-15
ESC Format: the to of inch commands. The the and ASCII the to of inch commands. The the and or ASCII the to of inch commands. The the and ASCII This the A-16 Command Summary 1/8-inch Spacing
Format: the to of inch feed commands. The the three and ASCII The of from Select n/72-inch Spacing ESC Format: the to of inch commands. The of from ESC Format: Advances the of inch. The of from This feed and return. A-17 Command Summary Select n/216-inch Spacing n/216-inch
n/216-inch ESC Format: the of inch. that ESC should the of the or when If the selected, this VT Format: Advances the to the the selected ESC If selected, used. If selected, the ESC Format: to the affected The as from The NUL character the of the command. ESC ESC NUL clears the A-18 Command Summary
Format: Functions the as ESC B, that the selects the which Therefore, to of The selected ESC To clear the ESC NUL. Select This to the with the of from VT commands the selected this command. Motion ESC Format: the to the pitch. the treated as This command clears and previous characters the lowercase the The the the of character. A-19 Command Summary Margin
ESC Format: the right to the pitch. the treated as This clears previous and previous characters the The the the of character. head BS Format: Prints the then the to the Backspacing to, the The BS ESC or this immediately graphics the of back to the which graphics started. ESC Format: This the from the that characters to printed, this of of inch. The and the effective the specified the right A-20 Command Summary Right Margin Backspace
C Format: the (relative to the which of following To and first the of inch. If the to the from the this of The command the the HT Format: Advances the to the The of characters the pitch, and affected character pitch. Command Summary A-21 Relative
ESC Format: This allows of to which as (from with the NUL character terminating the command. The ESC NUL clears The or ESC every characters. The the character pitch and the of characters the ESC Format: The following Selects the Selects the Near Quality (NLQ) ESC Format: This affects the Quality The following A-22 Command Summary Select NLQ or Select NLQ Font
ESC Format: If the option the selects the to the below. Format: Selects of the the below. The together the of the from the Select combined with and condensed. If both and selected, condensed. Command Summary A-23 Black Select Select
and Character Select Pitch ESC Format: Selects pitch characters inch). the pitch, this normally to ESC Select Pitch Selects pitch characters inch). Turn On/Off ESC The following turned ON. turned OFF The of characters from character to character. Therefore, than W. The the character which appear B. This condensed. Command Summary A-24
SI Format: ASCII SI 0F Prints characters about of their the characters inch. condensed, and condensed. SI Format: the SI command. DC2 Format: SI, ESC SI, SelecType, or DIP switch A-25 Command Summary Select
Select Double-width Format: Double-width the of characters. This or DC4. ESC SO Select Double-width Format: the SO command. DC4 Format: double-width selected SO or ESC SO, double-width selected ESC or ESC A-26 Command Summary Double-width
ESC Format: The following The ON. The turned OFF Double-width the of characters. ESC Format: text each with the slightly to the right of the first. ESC Format: emphasized, the selected ESC E. A-27 Command Summary Turn Double-width On/Off Select Emphasized
ESC Select Format: text each with the slightly below the first. NLQ the ESC Format: off the selected ESC G. ESC SO Select Format: Prints characters about two-thirds of the height the of the character Command Summary A-28
ESC Format: Prints characters about two-thirds of the height the of the character ESC Format: or ESC- Format: The following turned ON. turned OFF This including Command Summary A-29 Turn On/Off Select
ESC NLQ Justification Format: The following Selects Selects centering. Selects right Selects The when the becomes HT and BS there within Justification NLQ ESC SP Format: the amount of to the right of each character, to the already allowed the of the character. The of of to which should from Each of of inch. A-30 Command Summary Intercharacter
Character ESC Select Character Table Selects the character Selecting Character Graphics selected ESC The following Selects Selects Character Graphics. the function of DIP switch that the of or ESC Format: characters from the character to printed. This the Character Graphics selected ESC or the DIP switch character graphics ESC Format: the selected ESC Command Summary A-31 Select
Characters Chapter and information ESC Format: This command allows characters to the currently selected ESC: Format: This the characters the ROM RAM that characters this topic. Characters Copy ROM RAM Command Summary
ESC Select Format: ESC to the character The following Selects the Selects the Printable ESC Format: the of through as characters, which allows the of these characters characters. ESC Format: This through to treated as This the Command Summary A-33
ESC Printable Format: ASCII to and to usually These become input of the ESC which allows the of these characters. If this to and to to Graphics graphics Select Graphics ESC Format: Turns eight-pin graphics The of Select Graphics ESC Format: low-speed graphics The of A-34 Command Summary
ESC Format: Turns eight-pin high-speed graphics The of ESC Format: eight-pin graphics The of ESC* Format: graphics the below the The of Table A-2. Graphics A-2. Graphics A-35 Command Select High-speed Graphics Select Graphics Select Graphics
ESC Format: graphics to another. The character (K, L, or Z), which reassigned to ESC Format: Graphics The of and The of This items each of A-36 Command Summary Reassign Graphics Select Graphics
IBM Commands The and the IBM of the commands. Therefore, this of the summary and the commands the summary The commands that Commands that Commands Head Size/Character that IBM graphics the as graphics that ESC ESC and ESC Command Summary A-37
Commands that from Commands Operation ESC Q3 Format: the off the turned off and back or DC1 Motion ESC n/72-inch Spacing Format: the to of inch. This memory the the ESC to The of from ESC Format: the memory ESC A. If ESC ESC the to of inch. (The the and ASCII A-38 Command Summary Select Spacing
ESC Format: Advances the of of inch. The of from This feed It DIP switch OFF ESC Format: the as top of ESC Format: The following turned ON. turned OFF If the the feed to each return. If the off, This the function of DIP switch Command Summary A-39 n/216-inch Turn On/Off Top of
Motion ESC and Right Margins Format: The to the pitch, double-width, and the right to The the inch. The first ESC Format: This allows of to which as the to with the NUL character terminating the command. The ESC NUL clears The every characters. The the character pitch that the ESC and ESC and ESC D) to their Command Summary
ESC Format: the selected, when the NLQ selected. selected; when NLQ selected. Width/Enhancements ESC: Format: pitch characters inch. DC2 and and selects The double-width. A-41 Command Summary Select Font Select Pitch
ESC_ Turn On/Off Format: The following turned ON. turned OFF Character ESC Select International Character Format: Selects the international character (Table the character B. Select Character Format: Selects character international character (Table previously selected. the character B. A-42 Command Summary
ESC\ Format: Prints of characters from the The of characters the character the and the to ESC Format: Prints character from the the character the and the to Command Summary A-43 Characters from One Character from
Characters ESC= Characters Format: If C the of characters to (C MOD INT(B/256) the of the first character to the top used; the through the that the characters, with each character The each character as shown the the To character, ESC I, which A-41. Command Summary
Character This of the character including the characters the international character and the IBM character The of each character, the and and the of each character. The first of the covers the ASCII character from to The of the shows characters each from the character and from the character graphics The character graphics selected ESC or DIP switch Where shown, the character and the Character
Table B-1. characters Character
B-1, Character
Table B-1, Character
Table B-1, Character
B-1, B-6 Character
B-1, Character
Table B-1, B-8 Character
International Character character and than character each, the international character select. You the choice DIP switches through or using the ESC command. The below shows character together with the to with ESC to each The DIP switch to of the first character E. that once character selected, of these characters the ESC command. B-2. international characters B-9 Character
Table B-3. of international characters Characters Characters Normal Normal B-10 Character
IBM This section shows the characters IBM There character (CG Table and international (CG Table The selected when DIP switches to UP; the international selected other of these three switches. You switch the using the ESC and ESC commands. To characters from the the ESC or ESC to the BASIC the as follows: If ESC or ESC\ to printed. three the from to and the to the international from to Character B-11
Table B-4. IBM characters B-12 Character
Table B-4, B-13 Character
B-4, B-14 Character
B-4, International Character B-15 (CG (CG Table
Table B-4, B-16 Character
Table B-4, International B-17 Character (CG Table (CG
Table B-4, B-18 Character
C The Interface This the information to the built-in interface. It includes DIP switch and technical specifications. The information the built-in interface and G, and the information optional interfaces WARNING interface should the the This The thing to about using interface that the the and software the EX to properly Therefore, when the that matches the the others. The DIP Switches connected to the built-in interface of the EX, the first thing to or the of DIP switches. of the DIP switches the EX the built-in interface. four characteristics. of these the EX interface and the and software. The of and the match this The of or should normally choose The characteristics the They and The (which the that the the factory that or software another or that to the the and the C The Interface
the three or or that the and match. the Switches The interface and the type of interface with DIP switches and Table C-1. Interface type DIP switches and the when the built-in interface used. They optional interfaces or the built-in interface. Therefore, the interface these switches the them. items the factory The Interface C
Troubleshooting Interfaces character then through to the READY light although printed. nothing that both the and the of and and the that both the and to the of and that they both the parity, and of and Interface Specifications The EX built-in interface RS-232C interface with the following characteristics: length: or to +3V to The Interface C-3 The EX the DIR and the X-on/X-off TXD) to the whether ready to characters or whether to and that the of these You to or to
DTR or X-on/X-off. The DTR to the ready to data-when the of the input to The to space-meaning that the ready- when the of free the input to Connector DIN this the of relative to the Table C-3. interface The as shown (The shows the from the back of the C-1. interface The Interface C
and This of the advanced features, and and Troubleshooting and that the turned and Both the POWER and ON LINE lights should that the and connected. the the connected to interface. If the allows to choose and that selected If the the Chapter If the correctly, the right, and the elsewhere. If the
or the text the or text with of the characters match those the feeding appear and that the seated correctly and that the located properly the the that the freely the If the or amount of replacing. It the head to wear the and head. to other of the should the If the option the to that the correctly This usually corrected the of DIP switch If that the If they international characters, the of DIP switches to If they graphics characters, that software correctly and that correctly DIP switches and instructions the of DIP switches and to that selected the and that perforation OFF:
If the as shown Chapter the the to If the or that the correctly sounds and If the READY light off and the ON LINE light flashing, the EX to allow the head to cool. to to If the ON LINE light flashing, the off and that of and that the correctly Then the back and If the and to service Person. Troubleshooting Graphics appear graphics when graphics Text appears as graphics characters and or of the and to these characters that other commands or the graphics and its If the graphics too of If the while graphics it the to text If the text the as graphics Turn off the and turn it back to
The EX that easy users to the of The or of exactly what reach the this turning the while holding the FORM FEED and LINE FEED buttons the Then, when or written the EX the to the If the characters they appear the the right as their ASCII characters, as shown below. Non-printable such as shown this as The of the numbers. The while writing this the of characters the right with the of that the the third as You the of character B) to what character to each If the first character of the that the ESC character appears as 1B, and the character as To the command, the character, and to the of commands B. and
this that to the commands to the BEL character to sound the If that or to the them to the If to the turned off turning off the INIT from the IBM and If that or software causing those products. when operating commands or writing the IBM PC and users offered this section. IBM PC BASIC IBM PC BASIC and (CR-LF) each SO characters It feed to each included explicitly LPRINT the BASIC WIDTH LPRINT to this The that the from CR- LF the there and
The character usually to ASCII its own as of graphics or character To this, the OPEN to to the and the PRINT# of LPRINT You to slightly WIDTH To the this this: third with IBM PC BASIC release This ASCII (1A with LPRINT or with PRINT to including this the and it from grease, and of heat, including sunlight. 40F to 95F C to C). If the outer clean with cloth with the cover to from the or cloth, and or thinner to the it the head and the the of the with the If The head with the head. when the the the head becomes If to the or the off and while the head cools The head should about characters of character). or of the fire or firing completely the and
If this or the expected the certainly with another of the as the head the and head. to the head the should tested to that other the There should when the the ribbon. the head to the and the head the and and them the cover with the feed the the and If the option the instructions its D-7 and
D-8 and
and DIP Switches This of the and and the of the DIP switches. and The EX to of three when it turned when INIT the interface becomes LOW), and when the ESC command. The following The head to the If the option installed, the to Interface and the The cleared. Margins and cleared, to 1/6-inch, every and selected. The and to DIP switches and and the top of to the The ROM characters selected, and the character and international character to DIP switches and to when the turning the or INIT the cleared of ESC the to the SelecType the other the to the DIP switches. Also, ESC whether DIP switches the turned instead the and DIP Switches
DIP Switch The EX DIP switches that allow to of the to The DIP switches of mounted the back as shown of switches from that DIP switch the switch the and the the right DIP switch You easily the switches with thin, pointed such as screwdriver or the of DIP switch off the the switch or switches, then the The and the the turned E-1. DIP switch location and DIP Switches
The following the switches and their each the those the factory The first the of switches. The three of the DIP switches to choose from selection of options. E-1. DIP switch group1 Table E-Z. DIP switch items the factory and DIP Switches E-3
International Character Thirteen international character Eight of these selected DIP switches to and the II, Spain II and America) selected with the ESC command, which the Command Summary the characters each character B. IBM character the character (Table and the international character (Table You the the IBM character B. There to of the characters the international character and characters. Together these the The selected permanently commands to The DIP switch to the character shown E-3. E-3. International items the factory and DIP Switches
Interface Selection The type of interface and the type of interface with DIP switches and Table E-4. Interface type DIP switches and the when the built-in interface used. They optional interfaces, or the built-in interface. Therefore, the interface occasionally, these switches as them. Table E-5. built interface items the factory and DIP Switches
and DIP Switches
Choosing and Optional Interfaces This information interfaces with EX instructions choosing the right interface and instructions internally mounted interface boards. Compatible Interfaces You of optional interfaces that the built-in and interfaces and the 8K These three IEEE-488 and other interfaces, which allow to with other interface (the Apple interface the rather than the interfaces, which to release the other when amounts of text interfaces of rates and other features with the interface. The following interfaces with EX that of these and that others #8149M #8172M If optional internal interface, DIP switches and OFF and to the interface. Choosing and Optional Interfaces Apple II interface interface with and interface type interface 32K 128K interface IEEE-488 interface IEEE-488 interface 32K interface 128K interface
Choosing Interface This section the interfaces. IEEE-488 and Apple interfaces The IEEE-488 allows to computers, and other that they freely offers of IEEE438 interfaces. The offers the to the IEEE-488 and The the features and 8K and function, which of IEEE-488 commands. The Apple II, II and IIe interface as interface board the which software to the of the With the interface the interface the Apple with the EX. interfaces If often amounts of interface free the other and interfaces to increase the buffering to 32K or 128K (about and The built-in interface EX applications. If, however, interface that allows such as or or that conforms to the rather than RS-232C, optional interface. F-2 Choosing and Optional Interfaces
Three interfaces EX three offer of choice of or and operation to RS-232C. They offer choice of other features, which F-2. Table F-2. interface X-on/X-off which the to the to that and when once ready The loopback allows testing of the of the interface without connecting rather the EX interface board interfaces the EPSON them. If the board four with The should of the Table F-3. If the or whether the located the the of DIP switches the F-3. Choosing and Optional Interfaces
Interface interface, the cover, WARNING the cover the turned OFF high the when the the of the of the the electricity charge that Turn off the to both the and the and the and the interface from the the and the sheet the and the head to the of the the screws holding the casing of the (shown using cross-head type screwdriver. Choosing and Optional Interfaces
With the facing the of the and it slightly to release it from the F-2). At each of the front there as shown F-3. One reached through the Reach the and the to release the front of the the and the through the as shown F-4, to the to the the to release the the then from the the then follow the the section the interface board. the board, the to and Optional Interfaces
the Interface the of the following the the section. the the (as shown F-5) to allow to the interface when the reassembled. the three which the interface board and the screw the of the board FG. These shown F-5. The screw FG the the ground wire. the ground the interface. the interface beneath the as indicated the F-6, and the CN2 the of the the to the three the screws provided. the ground to the FG the interface board, as shown F-7. Reassemble the the the previous section. Choosing and Optional Interfaces
Interface If optional interface, to the of the or the them to properly The the or of DIP switches located the interface board; the the software command. It that the and If the the rather than the interface because the interface the factory to performance of If the interface or should to the and interface to match. If to the the interface yourself, to the below match the and interface. The the the the and as There other DIP switches and the The other the with the interface. Choosing and Optional Interfaces F-7
The three following the information the optional interface Choosing and Optional Interfaces
Technical Specifications This the the EX-800 and the EX-1000, including the built-in interface. the specifications the built-in interface, C. characters characters and characters Near Quality Approximately 1/6-inch Bidirectional both text and graphic Unidirectional software command. Character and high; and characters high and NLQ The and characters inch (CPI) below: CPI l&inch, or of of inch. Technical Specifications
of to including the thickness to Continuous feed Single-sheet Mechanical Ribbon Cartridge, to EX, or characters, dots/character): Black only: Color: Red: Yellow: MCBF the head) head characters, dots/character and (with Depth: G-2 Technical Specifications to to EX-800
120V AC VA Insulation AC and chassis Can withstand AC and chassis or Operation: 40F to 95F C to C) -30F to 150F C to C) Humidity Operation: to without to without Operation: to within to within Operation: to to to to Technical Specifications
Interface WARNING interface should the the This the of the interface, C. Connector assignments and of respective interface shown G-1. Technical Specifications
Notes: The heading Direction to the of as from the the twisted-pair return, to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the Technical Specifications
interface based TTL Both the and the of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this only of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW) Interface G-1 shows the the interface. and Table G-2 the shows the relationship or and the on-line/off-line the (SLCT IN), and the of on/off character, DC1 /DC3. G-6 Technical Specifications
G-8 Technical Specifications
that these apply specifically to If that topic information. Application Software to such as or accounting. American Information and nearly of computers, and software. that of of the of Usually to second. Bidirectional which the head from to right every other On the other from right to This increases the of the the head both or The or that the to the bidirectional the head actually to the GL-1
of the of characters. characters inch Formerly C o To of or that with other Continuous-feed-paper This pin-feed half-inch tear-off each and perforated the tear- off and the The ASCII includes characters and other which caked These the such functions as sounding the and troubleshooting the the each that or that when the turned or initialized. usually the which that the to another DIP switches switches that DIP These switches the graphics graphic of GL-2
of which and of which each character with the slightly below the first. Double-width which each character as as characters. Double-width known as expanded. One of of the EX. of character high-speed and NLQ reduces the to increase the pitch with characters inch. which each with the slightly to the right of the first. to commands. ESC/P of commands and software computers. Double-width. this usually to (FF) and that the to the top of the GL-3
the to its Interface The the and the interface and interface character or which the characters This or that the The that the of inch, software commands. Near Quality (NLQ) One of of the EX. Near Quality reduces the and increases the of character to increase the of character high-speed Three commonly with and the and (This the with which people and the A, B, C, D, E, and This and and only the and information and that ON or OFF often and expressed GL-4
The of the that the the Paper-out switch the that when with interface interface the the and the There types: interface character or and interface character with characters inch This usually the or character Pitch Indicates the of characters inch pitch The that the which the of the character from character to character. Therefore, W, than lowercase Access Memory The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. Returning to its with command, INIT or turning the off and ROM Memory The of the memory that The the information the ROM, the information CL-5
of the operation of the the turned the the characters that its ROM. interface interface the the and the There types: interface and interface character or Prints characters about two-thirds of the height the of the character Prints characters about twothirds of the height the of the character Top of that the to the and to the correctly when feed. Tractor The of the that continuous-feed through the Unidirectional only than bidirectional characters- Characters and the the user characters.
Reference
Commands Function The following of commands the the summary A). To of the to to the the operating or IBM that commands consisting of or the and the
EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON AMERICA, INC. Calif. U.S.A. EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, Hertfordshire, HP2 7EZ. U.K. EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Unit Rodborough Road, NSW EPSON ELECTRONICS TRADING LTD. EPSON ELECTRONICS TRADING LTD. (TAIWAN BRANCH) 25/F, Harbour Harbour Road, 10F. E. R.O.C. Phone: EPSON ITALIA V, F, SESTO S, GIOVANNI SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON DEUTSCHLAND F.R. Phone: EPSON FRANCE S. A. S.A. Phone: STTK
EPSON AMERICA, INC. California Choosing and Loading Selection with SelecType Graphics Characters Command Summary Featuring: Printed