EPSON Preferred SM Warranty the F2000 Direct-to-Garment Please this and Unit ID You to of the Warranty. Toll-Free Priority Technical Security and of
and purchase of the F2000 to high-quality the Direct-to-Garment To with its performance, pleased to include the SM Warranty this This one-year warranty includes toll-free technical and service Should or with the toll-free the technical option, and Unit ID as this Please the technical promptly. Please the information contained this Unit ID and the toll-free these to of Service. terms and this one-year warranty the of this Terms and Conditions Warranty Products. Once congratulations and to the Preferred Family.
Preferred Technical Follow these easy to technical toll-free Follow the instructions. Unit ID to with the Technical to the Currently through AM to PM to change) If Unit ID to the Toll-Free please business hours the This to the Technical as the toll-free Terms and Conditions Warranty Products What Covered: Inc. warrants to the first that the F2000 covered this warranty purchased and the United States, or to the specifications and from workmanship and of from the of purchase of purchase required). warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the What To Correct Should F2000 the warranty please the toll-free Preferred this This answered hours (currently AM to PM through to please to the service technician with of Purchase information including the and of purchase. You to of purchase warranty coverage the service technician with to to the and the and what required. If service required, the service The technician
instructions about the the this service its instead to the highlights of the please and service the of or its the items become the property of The items the warranty of the Product. or to If the and within service territory, Authorized Servicer to the facility. and to location the business that to PM If that PM the business to the and while of service imply that required. its to that whatever reason appears to technical services the of field these the with the or refurbished to the of (The include software, or The to and the and the following the the or The If the within business of of the the invoiced the originally the It responsibility to optional and the location. What This Warranty Not This warranty cover: Cleaning of height reduce the F2000 instructions and cleaning caused neglecting or improperly as the F2000 The includes the following items: Clean suction (recommended: as head cleaning (recommended: when appears front bottle (recommended: when appears front or as and (recommended: once white, once month
If the month or Prolonged operation. Clean and (recommended: as (recommended: as Clean (recommended: as If cold, them to (recommended: hours or white only (recommended: when appears front IC the section of instruction to investment. caused caused third-party software, applications, or to the its from or boards, or caused installation, to or such as fire, software or interaction with products. from service other than Authorized Servicer. Service when the the U.S., or Service where the rating or to used, refurbished, or products. or of or of or services reprinting. caused using or and caused the to heat or directly the of or This warranty If claimed or service, incurred. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES: THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON- INFRINGEMENT. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATION MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID.
and breach of this to of the the products covered this action breach of warranty brought within months of the of purchase. performance or nonperformance to its reasonable as this written warranty, neither its or including or including profits, of downtime, of third including customers, or to property, from the or to the products, whether from breach of warranty or other theory. allow or breach such the this and the apply. include both and of this to conducted California, with the of the American Association, and the the thereof. This with the of the State of California, this which with the Act. Purchasing Service: the Preferred The Preferred Warranty offers warranty service to inform of the opportunity to service the of warranty through service the F2000 purchase the the one-year warranty and to to toll-free technical service the One-Year Preferred Option EPPSCF2KB1 of coverage or service whichever first; the head once. If the head the of the and another purchased to immediately follow the first then the head from the first of heads the If the allowed to purchased, carry-over from the first You purchase service the one-year warranty You purchase to follow first of service each purchase the warranty or while service
include and as of service of
EPSON and of Corporation. Preferred service of Inc. Inc. P.O. CA MS: Inc., CPD-40255