F7070
of these instructions to follow and instructions the and the the assembly, to and the The following shows the the Callout the
the choosing the easy and locations to sunlight, heat, or the location that people to and the You to the and to clear them. the and to the The following items should included with and Assembly wrench Software and Carry
Assembly The items below found the feeding Bracket and mounting Unpacking the
Assembling the Assembling the the following items assembling the the both of the the of the wrench to the screws each of the back of
the screws (four the back of the right and the and with screw. screw to the other of the the then another screw. Assembling the
Assembling the Temporarily the screw. the four screws, then the the mounting to the three screws and washers.
the mounting the as shown. the screw, the then the screw to the the screws. Assembling the
the the and then the screws from the You people to the four people to and people to the the to and the the following items the the and the To the the clockwise theyre the ground.
the both of the with the locking the ground. Once the them counterclockwise to them This the from when the the the as shown. The heavy. least four people when the the
the the the the the of the with the arrows the top of the the the clockwise the locking the ground. the from the the to the three screws and washers.
the front cover and the the holding the through the the and the
the the through the as shown. Then the of the the top of the the and from the the and the The sealed properly the the the the
the the English necessary. the Unit You the following to and the feeding the to the back of the with C screws each as shown. the Unit
the Unit The feeding heavy and people to To the feeding holding the the as shown. the feeding the the feeding to the using three C screws.
the feeding to the four C screws. the screws the service finishes the the through the the cover. the Unit
the Unit the and thread through the the seated the and then the cover.
the You the following to and the the to the front of the C screws each as shown. least people to the To the holding the the as shown. the
the the the the three C screws as shown. the to the four C screws. the screws the service finishes the
the that attached to the it through the to the back of the the the and to the screws the to the the to the of the the
the Thread the through the the to the and the to the cord. service to the and the the the service the properly grounded the type of indicated the the Turn the necessary. Press the Press or to Preferences and OK Press or to and OK and OK. Press the to the
the completing assembly and the the of the the below. This that the straight and reduce The operation people to necessary from the front and the back of the the and This to once installation. the front cover and the the of the the and the the
the the of the with the of the the the right of the with the both the the At the back of the the straight and the the front of the feeding to the of the the
the and the Loading Turn the Loading
Loading the front cover and then the the screws the and the the of the the of the with the the
or the the the as necessary. the securely the the screw. Turn the counterclockwise turned further. Loading
Loading the the the and the screw. Turn the clockwise the further.
the the If the of the the of the as shown the the right, to the the through the front of the and then the Loading
Loading the the right with the the Then the the holding plates while their The plates should that the of the through the three and the white the holding plates through the
the front cover. the prompted to choose and options. Choose options as necessary. the Software the software CD that with and follow the on-screen instructions. You USB or Ethernet USB the and that shielded or the software to. To to or directly to network interface, RJ-45 (CAT-5 or higher) the Software
USB USB off then the USB to the and the CD Follow the instructions to the installation.
Network the Ethernet to the and the CD Network
Network Follow the instructions to the installation, the following the from and EPSON and the software If firewall or the publisher SEIKO EPSON, and then allow the EPSON and and EPSON of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America Inc. CPD-38749