This and and and properly, that with the instructions, interference to and reception. It type tested and found to comply with the Class computing with the specifications of of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following the the with to the the outlet that the and branch If necessary, the should the or The the following the helpful: Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington, DC The of nonshielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this If this than interface connected to interfaces. rights of this reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information While every the of this Corporation responsibility or Neither from the of the information contained Corporation or from the of options other than those as Products Corporation. of Corporation. of Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Copyright Corporation FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS WARNING
Introduction The FX-850 and FX-1050 the well-known features of costly to the high-quality and ease of to from the FX-850 and FX-1050 offer the following: advanced that of without the This allows to while the optional attached. tear-off that tear off the the the that of the that allows to feed the or to finely the and tear-off that allows selection of character and pitch, as as choice of or (NLQ) with of to characters The to of types, including Double-high and headings and Introduction with features normally to
options of options with FX information the and of these Chapter The and of to of the without reloading. This This option the performance of It with Optional interface boards of optional interfaces to the built- interface. choosing the right interface and instructions the boards the section interface boards About This This illustrated, instructions and operating the FX-850 and FX-1050 The FX-850 and FX-1050 basically the that the FX-1050 The this usually the FX-1050 around information testing, and the to and follow the instructions this chapter first. and include information and operation. This information necessary the operation of Introduction
Chapter information to the from This section includes the of software, commands, graphics, and characters. Also, Chapter summary of commands. If the properly or the what Chapter of and recommended Other information of the options, and specifications. There of terms and At the back of this Reference that information about commands and this WARNINGS: to to and should to that operates correctly. Notes: information and useful the operation of Introduction
the Unpacking the the protective Choosing the Assembling the the the the Testing the the Loading sheet of the Connecting the to Connecting the interface the
the the that the shown below and that the of the the the to the
the protective The protected locking and head protector. These protective items turn the these items, them with the other the cover. the head the
the and right locking the head to the of the Then, the cross-head screwdriver to and the locking the WARNING: to protective the
Choosing the location the following the the enough to the its to reach. around the to allow easy operation and grounded The below shows the
Assembling the To the only the following: the the the the The first the to the You should to this the of of this to manually the turned off using the the the white the WARNING: locations that to sunlight, heat, or using outlets that switches or timers. of information both memory and memory. outlets the with or other that might the supply. the from of interference such as or the of telephones.
the the the and the the fits the the to the of the the of the when the turned off. the
the Follow these to the the head to the of the the head while the turned this the Also, the the head cool touching the from its and the wrapper. the
Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow. This the and to the its and the the (The FX-850 the of the Press lightly both of the to the properly the
pointed such as the of to the the head and while the ribbon- to the the head from to to smoothly. the twisted or creased. the
Attaching the The functions to feed the smoothly and efficiently. Follow these to the the the the the
the cover the of the cover the notches the front of the the cover. Testing the that assembled, the built-in function to that the correctly though to to this to that operating properly. the to to outlet and of the
the Follow these to the the turned off. the properly grounded WARNING: Whenever off the least seconds turning back switching and off the Loading of Next, to of that FX-850) or inches FX-1050). WARNING: turning the protective Turning the while the head seriously the Turn the The POWER and PAPER OUT lights the
that the release back to the the to the arrow the the
the right to match the of Next, the Press the LOAD/EJECT once to the If the without the the completely and firmly; then the LOAD/EJECT the
the The or near (NLQ) Follow the below. of as Turn off the While holding the LINE FEED the release the LINE FEED the WARNING: the that than inches FX-850, or inches FX-1050, seriously the head.
of first, of characters. of typical The the or the ON LINE To the temporarily, the ON LINE to the off To the the off Press the LOAD/ EJECT to that loaded, and then off the the the slightly the section the Chapter To the NLQ follow these another of as Turn off the then while the FORM FEED release the FORM FEED the
of typical NLQ shown below: To the the ON LINE to the off Then the LOAD/EJECT to the and off the Connecting the to If the correctly and the shown, ready to to the FX interface. If shielded should to immediately. If the of another type of interface, to optional interface board. If whether interface, operating If the interface, the section interface boards Chapter Connecting the interface the interface as below: Turn off both the and the
the securely the the together they of the to properly, this the
If ground wire, to the ground beneath the interface the other of the the (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the
Chapter Continuous Positioning supply Switching Continuous and Switching back to the Loading Micro-Adjustment Short Tear-Off The thickness
of to of inches the FX-850 or inches the FX-1050. that to the of the If of sheets, to the optional sheet This option sheet whenever and to or Chapter To of follow these If already loaded, follow the instructions switching and sheets. Turn the the release back to the
the upright and the with the arrow the (You to this the of the right to the of the the the At this the PAPER OUT light off. Press the LOAD/EJECT to the to the WARNING: the the while the turned Press the ON LINE that the ON LINE lights
If the the the completely from the Then the release back. Press the and To the the ON LINE to the off and the LOAD/EJECT than using the when reaches the of the and the this the ON LINE light off or software. If the ON LINE light the first thing should the ON LINE to the off Once the ON LINE light off, the that and as Press ON LINE to the Continuous The built the FX easy to and Its low-profile and of To follow these Turn off the the release to the
Release the each the the to the and
Next, the right to match roughly the of the to the both covers.
the first four the the of the as shown below. Then the covers. the right to where the straight and and then the as shown below.
that the together. the cover and turn the Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the to the The this and each to the Press the ON LINE to the that If that or other too high or too the or the perforations, the If to this the This the of allowing to the or 2/216-inch information, the section this chapter. choose the tear-off to This the that tear off its perforation. The then the feed the Short tear-off to and the that usually the section tear-off this chapter WARNING: If to the the the the while the turned
Positioning supply Three of positioning and supply shown below. Its to supply with the that the smoothly the
Switching Continuous and with the easily switch to without the from the tractor. To switch from to follow the below. the cover and the ON LINE to the off If using the tear- off function, the FORM FEED to to where To feeding than necessary, that tear off the with the LOAD/EJECT
Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the of the and The to the tractor, the path. The PAPER OUT light when the completely of the path. Pressing the LOAD/EJECT once the back enough to reach If the PAPER OUT light the LOAD/EJECT With the LOAD/EJECT to three (With than inches, the LOAD/EJECT only once.) the release back to the
the upright, and the to roughly match the of the cover. Next, the the At this the PAPER OUT light off. Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the to the
Press the ON LINE to the Switching back to To switch back to with first the sheet of and the off the cover. the the back of the the release to the Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the to the Press the ON LINE to the
the Loading The the of the when the This where the the If the too high or too the to the the the section. the the the and as reference feeding the Once to the of the that turned off. when to the of the this the turned off. the turned back the to its factory The the of inch to to the or tear-off or the tear-off function. You when the and the ON LINE light flashing. the tear-off or the the that turned off, or initialized. when the single-sheet the remember the the off. WARNING: If to the the the feeding of feeding
This section to the the tear-off the the section tear-off information. To of the first and then the ON LINE to the The ON LINE light to flash. While this light flashing, the FORM FEED and LINE FEED buttons Press the FORM FEED to the or the LINE FEED to the backward. the the of inch. If the the continuously 2/216-inch the reaches the factory-set the and feeding You this factory as reference when the the reaches the or top the and the Short Tear-Off finished the tear-off the perforation of the to the tear-off of the that tear off the the the back to the that of the WARNING: tear-off with To tear-off, first off the and DIP switch off. the section DIP switches Chapter Then as the section of the cover that the as tear-off
The tear-off function operates as follows: The perforation the of the to the tear-off of the cover. Tear off the the covers tear-off If to the of the perforation to the tear- off This tear-off when immediately tear-off. that the and the ON LINE light flashing. Then, the 2/216th-of-an-inch the FORM FEED to the or the LINE FEED to feed backward. the tear-off and the turned off, or initialized. tearing off the the to the
You the tear-off turned (DIP switch off) when sheets. the release to the sheet tear-off to sheets and of types, including and You feed manually or with the optional sheet these of however, to the thickness The thickness To thicknesses of the FX with thickness that to These the to the the thickness first the off and then the cover. WARNING: If the the cover, to the head Select the thickness to the below. the should to the
of the below. It selecting the right thickness to match sheets or Thin the to when back to ordinary with the higher than the of the head. thicker than such as or absolutely that within the of the and about the of the These should than four including the should with the feeding or the optional WARNING: the of or thick the head. or
You the that the section this chapter The that to the thickness to the thickness of the the thickness If to choose the type mounted with with the tractor. If to the single-sheet feeding sheet You the that the section this chapter The that to the thickness to match the thickness of the the thickness To tear off perforation the tractor. Then the off and the FORM FEED to the WARNING: the through the easily off the and the Therefore, the LOAD/EJECT to or to feed to the Also, the tear-off with If become the the to service Since to and humidity, them operating You of including or bond. To individually, the the thickness as indicated the Then, follow the instructions the of this chapter.
You with the optional the section the Chapter the to the thickness the showing and recommended WARNING: that the within the of the as shown below. To that the fits within this of
Chapter the the Lights SelecType Other the DIP Switches DIP switch functions Selecting SelecType Character Characters inch If SelecType Enhancing Character Emphasized and and Selecting with Select the
the The buttons the of the The lights the of the Lights the POWER On when the switch and supplied. READY On when the ready to input when PAPER OUT On when the of or when the ON LINE On when the and ready to This light flashes immediately or tear-off to that used.
the ON LINE This the line/off the the and from the FORM FEED the off this to of or to the, top of the the the this to the LINE FEED the off this to feed the or to feed the continuously. the the this to the LOAD/EJECT the off this to loaded, or to loaded. and backward.)
SelecType The using the SelecType off, or the and combined. If both, the FONT Press this to or The light shows which selected. CHARACTERS PER INCH Press this to the characters inch You choose CPI, CPI, or PS spacing). The light shows the selected character spacing. CONDENSED Press this to or The light when the this characters of their
Other The of the FX to holding the FORM FEED or LINE FEED while the the This the DIP switch and the characters the ROM Memory). the section the Chapter information. the FORM FEED and LINE FEED buttons immediately or tear- off, to the and tear-off the section Chapter information. holding both the FORM FEED and LINE FEED buttons while the the This allows advanced to the section the Chapter information. the DIP Switches the of the of DIP switches and below the features, such as the character and length. These become whenever the turned or initialized. the DIP switches, off the Then such as the of or to the switch to the or off The become when the the
DIP switch The below the DIP switch The to the which each The the factory DIP Switch SW OFF character ROM character Slashed Not slashed Character Graphic IBM ESC/P Short tear-off OFF ON below International character DIP Switch SW ON OFF inch inch On On -inch perforation On the
International character SW Country SW SW On ON USA On On On On On On On On On On Spain character DIP switch the character the characters memory when the turned off, the character selected this switch to when this switch characters Chapter information characters. This switch effective the ESC/P character DIP switch the slashed the DIP switch off, the This clearly distinguishing and when such items as Character DIP switch the Graphics character selected. off, the character selected. The Graphics character international characters, characters, and character graphics comers, and areas. If IBM the Graphics when to the character graphics as they displayed the Since the character affects of the character the or IBM
text selected the Graphics Also, the software command. If IBM (DIP switch the graphics characters which character select. The below which characters each Italics /"#$%&'()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>7@ABCDEFGH Graphics You to the ESC to of the Graphics characters. B. DIP switch the operates the IBM off, the operates the ESC/P the IBM DIP switch the switch off, to each feed. The functions of DIP switches and when the the IBM the section international character the Short tear-off DIP switch off, the tear-off This the tear off the and then the of the the section tear-off the
International character Selecting character with the characters other To the international character switches and to the DIP switch The following shows the characters that each international character International character USA UK Norway II II America The countries through only through the ESC software command. the Command Summary Also, IBM (DIP switch character containing international characters (CG character selected whenever of DIP switches or to off. If three switches CG character selected. B. DIP switch the to inches. off, the inches. Other with the ESC C and ESC CO commands. the Command Summary Chapter the
DIP switch optional information using with perforation DIP switch one-inch the and the first the this the to the perforation, and then If correctly, of the the of and the top of the the section the this chapter. of the top and perforation these DIP switch (CR) feed. off, only when the feed (LF). Since and to the and Selecting of combining character pitches, and other These features selected the SelecType or software commands. This section the features SelecType. To software commands, the section Chapter and the Command Summary Chapter the
SelecType You the SelecType to choose pitches, and The the SelecType the turned off, or initialized. commands from software temporarily the SelecType Character The FX-850 and FX-1050 three built-in character o o back of o o o o o o ROMAN ./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK LMNOPQRSTUWXYZ[\]'-' back of What the of these items of than SANS SERIF !##$%&*()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@fiE?CDEFGHIJK LMNOPQRSTVWXYZ[\]^_' o o o back of o o o o o the
The character high-speed This rough and and near (NLQ) Near to characters Characters inch each of the three built-in choose character of or characters inch or The following the of spacing. This This This the and each character the amount of the from character to character. Therefore, the lowercase than the W. to the pitches and spacing, the to the character the characters of the of characters. spreadsheets and other where to the amount of information Both and condensed, The below with o This the
and combined. If both, If SelecType to These previous software commands these commands SelecType should the options function instead of SelecType to Therefore, SelecType with the software information selecting Also, the section the FX with software Chapter SelecType the of whole Software commands, the other hand, anything from character to the using software commands, with the FX from the text the to to and phrases. This section shows the to with software. Once about the features, their commands the Command Summary Chapter Also, the section Chapter information commands to the Character and and spacing, software commands offer other and double-high the
The the of characters. This useful such as headings reports and displays, amounts of o Another headings and other double-high: This double-high. of its of high the double-high the the Double-wide and double-high combined to o o or the characters or the and usually to the of characters to the of characters the as using characters. Emphasized and Emphasized and the FX each character as the head the with the slightly to the right of the first. This characters. the
the each character the slightly below the first, the text and combined with NLQ however.) You characters or as typeface. ESC the the DIP switch to the Graphics character This The of It and (The however, and and footnote and mathematical formulas. The below and mathematical Selecting with Select command Select that allows to choose of To Select to the first choose the The choose from condensed, emphasized, and the
The of the Select shown below: ASCII: ESC 1B To the Select to the and then whatever choose the The that the or of To the of the Select below and the or the features Select Hex. to title using characters would these three together to the of Double-wide the
the of the Select command to the to the To the Select command and the and ASCII: ESC 1B these things when the Select command: Select of the features that already and to Select to only, the character to and condensed. with NLQ and of Select and separately, SelecType or the ESC and ESC commands. The to the Select to the software. information commands to the Computer-Printer section Chapter and the Command Summary the
Software and Graphics the FX with Application selection spreadsheets graphics software Computer-Printer Communication commands the Command Summary commands from within software Graphics The head Graphics commands Graphics Characters characters Software and Graphics
the FX with Application that and tested the to with specify the type of that the of the features. or that of to choose from. If selection the instructions below. selection If software selection choose FX-850 or FX-1050. If the of these choose of the following. They of preference. FX-850 EX-800 FX-85 FX-80 FX-80 FX LX MX If to the IBM choose IBM FX-850), IBM XL FX-1050), IBM Graphics or IBM that of preference. If the FX-850 or FX-1050, to the software to Software and Graphics EX-1000 FX-286 FX-185 FX-100 FX-100 FX LX MX
to the and the FX properly. If the correctly, the selection and If the troubleshooting section Chapter Word of features around the to the printed, the and translated commands On the others the text as appear-for or This normally restricted to that found such as and commands These commands or This the of allowing to command, To of however, to to commands. the to commands and then the section this chapter spreadsheets Although spreadsheets as as they If spreadsheet of the to the selection. If spreadsheet the information spreadsheets the of the The FX-850 and the FX-1050 You however, increase the of characters selecting or both from the SelecType Software and Graphics
The below shows characters these If spreadsheet the of which and supply the from this FX-850 FX-1050 Normal spreadsheet commands within spreadsheet. Instead, or of the whole spreadsheet. With the FX, there of commands to the of spreadsheet. The first to choose from the SelecType the the spreadsheet to to commands. Then the Command Summary Chapter to the to spreadsheet might to commands. To condensed, the the Command Summary. The command ESC M, and the SI. spreadsheets the the commands, the Command Summary), might this: The the M, and SI (condensed). Software and Graphics
graphics software The FX of finely graphic Although the section graphics this chapter information the graphics commands, the to of the with of the graphics graphics software, the option to FX with option FX should to of graphics selection which should the to the selection. Computer-Printer Communication with of numbered ASCII (American Information the the translated the ASCII A, transmitted to such as or and then back the A. There ASCII the the both and lowercase and the through The ASCII of includes and that the Command Summary Chapter each three as ASCII character, as and as the as the ASCII character A, the and the The software and numbers, and assigned from through ASCII with of than they the operation of Software and Graphics
and other These ASCII characters usually the and as characters Although there than to the of to sophisticated Therefore, ASCII to These the ASCII with of through normally characters and to This first to the that the that follow to as as characters or The that the of of these the of with the You written ways-such as ESC, and this the of ESC when within command. commands the to the instructions ASCII command. command, as ASCII or of that instructs the to function. software continually commands to and These commands the to such actions as typeface, the amount each and the software these commands yourself. This allows to text that normally through the software. offer however, anywhere The Software and Graphics
commands that the Command Summary Chapter and the Reference the back of this the Command Summary The commands the Command Summary Chapter of of ASCII You the ASCII characters or their or the to ESC S1 ASCII characters. The this command and the 1B the Command Summary, commands the functions they such as character pitch, and graphics. You commands the of software commands the of the Command Summary. This the commands. commands include such as the the selecting or double-high ESC double-high turned and when turned off. the Command Summary, to distinguish them from ASCII characters. commands from within software How commands the software software the while others commands If software allow to commands to the the Command Summary to the to software should exactly what and required. Software and Graphics
Graphics The graphics allows FX to charts, or other software graphics, to and the this and the following software instructions. Software and Graphics
The and to graphics to graphics With such usually and then to the to the If software that graphics, to know about graphics to the software. If, the other hand, to or to the FX graphics, The head To graphics to about the head The head the head the the to fire. fires, the and the to the head the the fire to numbers, or Software and Graphics
The head to graphics to text graphic the FX about the that newspapers and printed. If closely newspaper photograph, that of The FX its with of The the FX as finely as the the of this section. its graphics the FX of each and the top of the Therefore, graphics each each of those the head the of specified. To than the head than The then the and another, as with To the head from leaving the graphics as it the text the to the With spacing, the FX finely graphic of each than 8/72-inch of the head of the which as or and as or as You to the whole or with graphics fact, as or as as and anywhere the The graphics to the which to fire each there of that allows to to specify which of the each with its that allows to exactly which should fired. To fire its to the shown the the To fire than Software and Graphics
the the of the and the to the Therefore, with these the fire the top To fire the If to fire the top and and and the together, fire of The below shows three of to the that fires of With this of the to and and duplicated. these graphics however, to the graphics commands. Graphics commands Graphics commands from other commands. of the other such as and the and another off. graphics, the command the command that graphics specifies of graphics printed. the this command, the as and them the The graphics There graphics commands and the the the commands, however, the things using the graphics command, ESC K. graphics, there inch Software and Graphics
The to graphics ESC BASIC the this LPRINT this command, ESC selects graphics, and and specify the of to graphics. reservation The graphics command than to specify to although thousands of the FX than Therefore, the graphics To and the of The the Since the numbers, supply than the of and to of graphics should and should because Graphics graphics such as ESC the the of specified and as graphics what they This that to supply exactly the right amount of graphics If too the and and to locked. The then as graphics, really On the other hand, supply too graphics the as Graphics that shows graphics command, reservation numbers, and to of graphics. The BASIC You of another The the Software and Graphics
The first of the graphics LPRINT CHR$(27);"K";CHR$(40);CHR$(0); The the that as It the to of the shown The FOR-NEXT of the of FOR X=1 TO LPRINT CHR$(74);: NEXT That the whole BASIC, the of the they the from other the specify. other to to the to the below. Although as interesting as the the of this chapter, shows exactly the graphics WIDTH software (including of BASIC) automatically and or characters. This with b&t graphics. of graphics the of the and and printed as of BASIC graphics WIDTH the of graphics The of BASIC WIDTH or WIDTH LPRINT software the The shows of graphics than It textured or Software and Graphics
The below. The each of FOR and NEXT that the the the to WIDTH LPRINT CHR$(27);"A";CHR$(8); FOR TO LPRINT FOR to LPRINT CHR$(170);CHR$(85); NEXT X: LPRINT NEXT LPRINT CHR$(27);"@" If the it There basic that the through to this of The from characters the WIDTH The to of inch-the height of the the The through the graphics commands the of and graphics each This of the to the each through the of Software and Graphics
The thing to to the to its including the Notice that the graphics (ESC K) To than of graphics, the graphics command issued each Although the this section the graphics there other eight-pin and that graphics the (ESC the Command Summary The four eight-pin ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, and ESC Z. There of the graphics ESC This the as the commands, that and the the graphics required. The graphics the following Option ESC High-speed ESC CRT C this and that the to the of (the CRT or to match the as to round (the high-speed and the head with the Software and Graphics ESC ESC
only the The higher that the of the than these however, that Reassigning graphics Another graphics assign eight-pin graphics to of the eight-pin graphics commands. You this command with graphics software to the and of the graphics option the without the The reassigning graphics ESC this command, of the four graphics (K, L, Y, or Z) and the of the as the to the ESC to the CRT graphics the BASIC the following: LPRINT CHR$(27);"?K";CHR$(4); should whether the reassigning graphics own graphics This section through the of graphics The complicated, include the You should with to the which graphics The the shows the three Software and Graphics
this the graphic the three high-speed and they the high-speed below. It should the right Software and Graphics High-speed
the the each the the arrow the each high. Then each examined to the graphics The the first shown below. The the and the the of each The the the Once the the they the DATA The to the This selects 7/72-inch used. the each of graphics from the DATA and to the The Therefore both and the Software and Graphics
WIDTH "LPT1:", LPRINT CHR$(27);"A";CHR$(7); FOR ROW TO LPRINT FOR COLUMN TO READ LPRINT CHR$(N); NEXT COLUMN LPRINT NEXT ROW END DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA the this If to the other the to or Z. Characters The FX characters its ROM Memory). Although this includes international, Graphics, and NLQ characters, to those when character or typeface, the FX allows to characters and them as they ordinary You the of characters using software that creating Software and Graphics
characters or with of characters already created. Also, software of the character function to These characters characters. characters The below such characters to of what that these characters whatever or DIP switch off character. The character three-step process: character. to and the DATA numbers. another to the character memory whenever Once character, or NLQ. If NLQ, the to the character created own characters with these that the characters. the to You type of character. The only that the characters follow the that the of the characters the FX. They another and the top or the empty. Software and Graphics
to the the Mercury Although the FX of that of them. the below to where to the the the characters, they included the characters the there heavy to the FX character. this that they If they other they NLQ. characters, the as as the the below. (The to when characters.) Software and Graphics
The sections the to the Mercury. The below shows the to the character. Once the type the following BASIC DIM F(9) FOR I=1 TO PRINT "WHICH ROWS HAVE DOTS IN COLUMN";I INPUT R: IF R=0 THEN F(I)=F(I)+2^(R-1) IF R=0 THEN NEXT ELSE GOT0 LPRINT CHR$(27)":"CHR$(0)CHR$(0)CHR$(0); LPRINT CHR$(27)"% LPRINT CHR$(27)"&"CHR$(0)CHR$(60)CHR$(60); LPRINT CHR$(128); LPRINT FOR X=1 TO LPRINT CHR$(F(X));:NEXT LPRINT CHR$(0)CHR$(0); LPRINT "YOUR CHARACTER IN CPI: LPRINT "IN DOUBLE-WIDE EMPHASIZED CPI: LPRINT CHR$(27)"!*< LPRINT CHR$(27)"!"CHR$(0)"IN NLQ:"; LPRINT LPRINT CHR$(27) "!"CHR$(0) "YOUR DATA NUMBERS:" FOR TO LPRINT F(K);: NEXT LPRINT: END Software and Graphics CHR$(1)CH$(0);
the the each of the the the of the which to appear. the the each the or when without that the the the To the the Mercury the and follow these instructions: the what to that that (the and to that and Then to that and and each of them. Press to with and to (The of the that know to each and to the each and and and and and only. to the and to the character and Software and Graphics
NLQ. numbers, which the You should the below: to this with character of own, If to the as and the If to the the from to Then the those shown the below. Once the character the to, and the The the Mercury character, characters or as the Software and Graphics
FOR P=58 TO LPRINT CHR$(P);" NEXT LPRINT IF K>3 THEN A=58 ELSE A=60 LPRINT CHR$(27):'"CHR$(0)CHR$(0)CHR$(0); LPRINT LPRINT CHR$(27)"&"CHR$(0)CHR$(A)CHR$(A-l+K); FOR TO LPRINT CHR$(128); FOR X=1 TO READ LPRINT CHR$(R);: NEXT LPRINT CHR$(0)CHR$(0); NEXT DATA FOR P=58 TO LPRINT CHR$(P);" NEXT To this character or characters, the DATA the the first when created character. If created than character, the DATA each character as the below: DATA DATA that there each and that the the below. This to characters. to than character, the of characters instead of the that You actually as as characters, than characters, to the Software and Graphics
the this characters, then or of them and them as the below. these with to the characters FX the of the characters the top the the character the the type FX (although to the character If characters and to them with the using Then the as to which to characters. Software and Graphics
Chapter Cleaning the the Ribbon Transporting the
Cleaning the To operating its should it thoroughly Follow these to the Turn off the the and to clear and If the outer or or dusty, with clean cloth with the cover to from the
WARNING: or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the think the Ribbon becomes too to the the following the the FX-850 or the the FX-1050. To the follow the below: Turn off the to the and the cover. WARNING: If the recently, the head cool to the ribbon.
the the the FX-1050, and the FX-850) and the straight and of the the head to the of the
the and the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the the and that the the as shown below.
pointed such as the of to the the head and At the the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the to that the twisted or creased. You the the head from to the the cover. the If to the the and as below. Turn off the the and the from the then the the and the
the and the head to the of the Then, cross-head screw the locking
the and right locking the head the to the and the head the and as shown below. the cover. the the its and
Troubleshooting and The The The spaced incorrectly The or The what sheets properly Continuous feed properly correctly Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting This chapter and their At the back of the chapter section the This users the of the and the and This section and their The the and the POWER light If the turned the POWER light to that the and that the outlet turned the ON LINE light If the ON LINE button. the connected securely to the both of the the and the the of (The PAPER OUT light should off.) If the the from the and the Chapter If the properly, the and the the the software, or the If the The The of the supply The the and The the section the Chapter Troubleshooting
If the and the sounds, turn the off and then back and to If the and to service The spaced incorrectly If the the feed the of each of Turn DIP switch If the of feed commands Turn DIP switch off. If the turning DIP switch off, the AUTO FEED XT of interface. The or The properly the section Chapter The the section the Chapter The thickness the the section the thickness Chapter The head This of characters to the head replaced. to the head because other of the should the The what The international character selected. the section international character Chapter The character or Graphics) selected. the section character Chapter and B. The securely connected to the both of the the and the Troubleshooting
If characters, that DIP switch off. softwares or selected properly. that software correctly the SelecType the to that with SelecType, or the instead of SelecType. software sheets properly The o the release back to the sheet The too or too the A. The properly. the section the Chapter and Chapter The selected the DIP switch. the section DIP switches properly The of the release to the The mounted the correctly. that the of the correctly the The properly. the section Chapter The supply too from the or with the tractor. Also, there the of the or something top of the supply. Chapter instructions the of the supply. Troubleshooting
correctly The selected with the DIP switch. The of the release the release back to the The properly. The supply properly The the type operation of the The of the back. The correctly. More than loaded. the sheets. the section the Chapter information The to easy users to the of the and of the reaching the produced. To the the FORM FEED and LINE FEED buttons the while the Next, or written the to the as shown below: 1B 1B 1B 1B 1B 6D C o 6E o OA o Troubleshooting
To off the the ON LINE to the off and then off the (The INIT from the the shown the characters the right with the of the what to the If characters they appear as their ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as of to the first three the of the Each while the T. the of the right and the The chart below the first of Command ESC ESC R0 ESC tl ESC DC2 ESC ESC Troubleshooting Function Select USA character Select Graphics Select
The Sheet the Recommended Envelope the Software software operation Testing the the Switching from the to insertion The Tractor and finished the Removing the Interface Boards Choosing interface Compatible interfaces Removing the the Attaching the
The The optional the FX-850) or the FX- and of to sheets of the without reloading. The the assembled as follows. Turn off the the cover and the the release back to the
the the release and, the the front of the the slightly to the notches the of the the the then the back top of the
the front section of the cover. the the front cover to the Then the the To allow to the to DIP switch to If information to this, the section DIP switches Chapter To the the following: Turn the off. DIP switch to the using such as the of Turn the back DIP switch with the turned off. The and the the turned
Recommended typewriter-quality If with or textured should it The to sheets of or You or The to or or to the thickness the section Chapter WARNING: the of or heavy the head. absolutely that the than of inch to the To follow the below. the the the and to allow that the front when
the the to the and the right to roughly match the of of and as shown. This the from sticking to another. the and of the to the
the the with the of the Then the right the tightly that the to bunch). the back to the the The completely too If the from the and
Envelope the as To to the following: the thickness to match the thickness of information thickness the section with Follow through of the previous section to You to or or the front they the the the ON LINE light Once the the sheet of whenever character or command to the the sheet of feeding and the PAPER OUT light To
and then the ON LINE The from the which If off the the or the Software operation This the to the the without the FF feed The the and the the reaches the of the when of the following commands used: feed; the LF VT the to the of of inch. ESC software switch and usually to the of software of the physical of feeding of top and each To properly, software to know the and to know exactly the counts and the of that of This the of should as the software the following section the
to the of which software to as or length, to the top the and the of to the The normally top Therefore, top of inch), the top software to four The usually of about three to of the software to three With of the of would inches). software the recommended sheet operation. The software or allow and only to to the with of these applications. the the the to the of and then that of as the software. If this process. as feeding If software allow to the length, software The following typical of software of Not software the of the to To from top from from New to to to
and other software to these You the each You the that the these If features, such as headers and footers, to accordingly. operation of the from the You to the immediately using the insertion as as the If the turned off, the to the factory the with affects the of You to software this length. the section Chapter Testing the the The built-in the slightly from that of the To the the the the LINE FEED or FORM FEED and the switch as Chapter the the counts the of the and this the of the first as shown the following The of counted the becomes the the You this however, software commands. The when to the count of the of the
of the first of The of the to the Chapter Switching from the to The FX allows to switch and easily without to the or the supply. To switch these feeding follow the below. the already and as the section switching and Chapter the as this section, that DIP switch to and that the release the back to the WARNING: the
To switch from to the release the to the You to the DIP switch the the sheet clicks as shown below. This the flow of of the front of the With the release foward, the normally. This allows to to the of To switch back to the the LOAD/EJECT the of the and the release back to the the and then the
insertion sheet sheet This allows to switch to type of (such as without the of that insertion useful allows to to Press the ON LINE to the off the sheet to with the the and then the the Press the LOAD/EJECT to the If to insertion or the otherwise, the from the Press the ON LINE to the to the the section Chapter
The Tractor The optional tractor the FX-850 and the FX-1050) The tractor with and the with the built-in tractor, as this section. that both of the tractor option as shown below, the and to the The tear-off function with the tractor. with the tractor, that DIP switch to (Short tear-off turned off when the DIP switch to the section DIP switches Chapter and that the turned off, and the tractor as follows: the cover and the and the already. Chapter
the the release and the front of the the the with the to the right and the notches the tractor the mounting the as shown below.
the the front the front mounting of the as the section Chapter the about of inch from the locking the the tractor, the off and then the FORM FEED This the the the tractor. the to the while the turned If to the the function Chapter the covers, and release the
the to match the of the and the they the (There the FX-850 tractor.) the of the the tractor of the the of the as necessary.
If the exactly the the tractor feed and the the covers. that the crooked or and then the
the the they distributed the of Also, that the right and both of the and then the together they about the of the the tractor cover.
Press the ON LINE to the ready to finished The tear-off function with the tractor. If to tear off the its perforation, the ON LINE to the off and the FORM FEED to the tearing off the the tractor If wish, the without using the tractor. To this, feed the from the rear, the and then to the release to the the the turning off the and removing the tractor cover, the as follows: Pressing the the tractor, back and off the
the as shown below. to or the tractor. Interface Boards There of optional interfaces that to the of built-in interface. Choosing interface Optional interfaces three IEEE-488 interfaces offer trouble-free operation, and the to computers, and other the that they freely. interfaces the memory and the other when amounts of text or graphics. With interface, increase the buffering to (about interfaces offer the of trouble-free combined with
interfaces with interface or interface that conforms to the instead of the RS-232C. interface boards rates and These interfaces offer of the following features: X-on/X-off and that increase the buffering to or If whether optional interface, or would to about interfaces, Compatible interfaces The interfaces that with the FX-850 and FX-1050 below. Interface interface interface interface IEEE-488 interface the optional interface board, the This easy to the screwdriver. Follow the instructions below: Turn off both the and the the from the and the from the and
the cover, and options. the and the release back to the the screw located the front of the WARNING: High the when the to the the turned off and the Also, the of the electricity built
the front cover and the These located both of the both the as shown the below. the slightly (about inches), to the attached to the
the from the CN11 the board. the and it clear of the when or attaching the to the
the option interface shield plate the located the back of the the screw CG from the board.
the There interface These boards with to the ground (FG) attached. This the the boards the the of the interface the following to which type of interface and then follow the that type of board. FG attached the CC screw to the round of the FG ground) to the and the other as shown. FG attached below FG attached to section
the the optional interface the the board. the board with the three screws provided. the of the FG the FG located top of the interface board. the DIP switches the interface board to the that with the board.
FG the interface board to the as shown below. the CG screw to the round of the FG ground) to the board. the interface board clockwise and to the board. that the properly the
the with the three screws provided. the DIP switches the interface board to the that with the board. Attaching the the of the the the Then the
to the FG the and the the the board. the the front of the
and the screw to the and then the WARNING: optional interface board, to the from the built-in interface. interface the This the of the optional interface board. the cover, and other or options.
Chapter Command Summary This chapter and the commands, both (ESC/P) and IBM the FX. The first of this commands and the where each If know which the to the where The Reference the of the of the commands topic, with that to of the commands. The and the Reference the the and the IBM The of this and commands and IBM commands separately; the commands the following Motion Motion Each section and section. The section the ASCII, and the command; the section the of the and information three and it should easy to the to the chart information these. Command Summary Word Processing Character Characters Graphics
The type of consists of character to to the instance, to the ASCII SI OF This from the directly. More commands of or character to the the following: ASCII ESC 1B this or to or You of the following commands to ON from BASIC: LPRINT LPRINT CHR$(27);W;CHR$(1) the following commands that or the the ASCII and or the ASCII characters and used: ESC s, ESC U, ESC ESC ESC W, ESC S, ESC-, ESC and ESC BASIC double-high with of these LPRINT CHR$(27); CHR$(1) LPRINT Command Summary
chart through The below the The that the the the the or that the and the to the the other Also, these Command Summary Hex. C 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F 1A 1B
Commands This section the FX commands, with their and The the the right the this chapter where of the command found. If the and IBM the the the both and the section. BEL BS Backspace HT LF 0A feed VT 0B vertically FF 0C CR 0D o 0E Select SI 0F Select DC1 Select DC2 DC2 DC3 DC4 double-wide CAN DEL 7F character ESC SO 0E Select OF Select ESC SI ESC EM on/off ESC SP intercharacter ESC Select ESC MSB ESC ESC Select Command Summary
ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC characters 2A Select graphics 2D Turn on/off 2F Select Select Select 7/72-inch Select 1/6-inch spacing Select n/216-inch Select top of Turn feed on/off Select international character ESC Select character 3A Copy ROM RAM 3A Select 3C Unidirectional 3D MSB to 3D characters 3E MSB to 3F Reassign graphics Select n/72-inch n/72-inch Command Summary
ESC C ESC CO inches ESC ESC Select ESC ESC ESC Printable ESC ESC Select 4A n/216-inch feed ESC ESC 4B Select graphics ESC 4C Select graphics ESC 4D Select ESC 4E perforation ESC 4F perforation ESC ESC Turn on/off ESC right ESC Q3 (FX-850) ESC Q22 (FX-1050) ESC International character ESC ESC SO Select ESC Select ESC ESC Turn on/off ESC Turn on/off ESC and right ESC High-speed graphics 5A graphics ESC ESC 5B Double-high on/off Command Summary
ESC SC relative ESC 5C characters from ESC 5E graphics ESC 5E from ESC 5F Turn overscore on/off ESC Select ESC ESC 6B Select NLQ ESC 6C ESC Turn on/off ESC Turn on/off ESC Select character ESC Turn double-high on/off ESC Select NLQ or Command Summary
(ESC/P) Commands The following section and the (ESC/P) commands. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the and clears the of the the command. Selection DC1 Format: ASCII DC1 the to the selected the (DC3). the switched off the ON LINE DC1 and DC3 the interface IBM and computers). Command Summary Select
DC3 Format: ASCII DC3 the the received. The reselected with the ON LINE Turn On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following turned ON. (The ASCII and or the ASCII turned OFF. characters and used.) ESC Select Unidirectional Format: ASCII C 1B 3C normally bidirectional. This selects only. (It The head to the and from to right. Command Summary
Turn Unidirectional On/Off ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B The following (The ASCII and or the ASCII turned ON. characters and used.) turned OFF. normally bidirectional. This selects ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B off the that to the of of ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B ESC Therefore, the sounds and when the reaches of inch from the of the Command Summary
Turn On/Off ESC EM Format: ESC EM ASCII 1B The following turned ON. turned OFF. The the characters and The should the It other than or The turned or off with DIP switch MSB MSB the MSB (ESC ESC>, and ESC graphics or characters. MSB to ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3D the MSB of incoming to with the MSB to which that or character graphics printed. ESC this Command Summary
MSB to ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3E the MSB of as MSB ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the MSB ESC or ESC>. BEL Format: ASCII BEL Sounds the Command Summary
CR Format: ASCII CR 0D Prints the the and the to the DIP switch ON or the AUTO FEED XT the interface LOW. CAN Format: ASCII CAN the Character DEL Format: DEL ASCII 7F the text character the Command Summary
Motion feeding FF Format: ASCII FF 0C Prints the the and the to the top of the to the length. ESC C Format: ASCII ESC C 1B the to the spacing. The of from to The top of to the the DIP switch ESC C Format: ASCII ESC C 1B the to inches. The of from to The top of to the the DIP switch Command Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4E The the of the and the first the with the (l/6-inch), and ESC the FX to and then DIP switch the function. This ESC and ESC C or ESC C The of from to ESC Format: C ASCII 1B 4F the perforation ESC N. of DIP switch feeding LF Format: ASCII LF OA this command received, the the and the the spacing. Command Summary Perforation Perforation
Select Spacing ESCO Format: ESC ASCII 1B the to of inch commands. The the character and ASCII Select 7/72-inch Spacing ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch feed commands. The the character and or ASCII Spacing ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch feed commands. The the character and ASCII This the Command Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch feed commands. The the character three and ASCII The of from to ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch feed commands. The of from to n/216-inch ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4A Advances the of inch. The of from to This command and return. Command Summary Select n/216-inch Spacing n/72-inch Spacing
VT Format: ASCII VT OB Advances the to the the selected ESC If selected, used. If selected, the ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B to the spacing. affected The as from to The character the of the command. ESC ESC clears the ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Functions the as ESC B, that the selects the which to Therefore, to of The selected ESC To clear the ESC Command Summary
Select ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B 2F This to the with the of from to commands the selected this command. If selected, used. Motion Margins Margin ESC Format ASCII ESC 1B 6C the to the character the treated as This clears previous and previous characters the lowercase (as the The the the of character. Command Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the right to the character the treated as This command clears and previous characters the The the the of character. head BS Format: ASCII BS Prints the then the to the Backspacing to, beyond, the The BS ESC or ESC Command Summary Right Margin Backspace
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This the from the currently that characters to printed, this of of inch. The and the previous effective the specified the right This command to both and NLQ. ESC Relative Format: ASCII ESC 1B SC the to the which of following To and first the of inch. the using this of If the to the the from the The the the This command to both and NLQ. Command Summary
HT Format: ASCII HT Advances the to the The of characters the character and affected character ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This allows of to which as (from to with the character or than the previous terminating the command. ESC clears The or ESC characters. The the character the of characters the Command Summary
ESC Select Near Quality or Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following Selects the (The ASCII and or the ASCII Selects the characters and used.) (NLQ) the SelecType NLQ selected, the or whichever currently selected. Select NLQ Font ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 6B This affects the near The following the SelecType Command Summary
ESC! Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects of the the below. The together the of the from the Emphasized Double-wide This to both and NLQ. with and condensed. If both and selected, condensed. NLQ. and Character Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects characters inch This command normally to Command Summary
Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC Selects characters inch This both and NLQ. Turn On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following (The ASCII and or the ASCII turned ON. turned OFF. characters and used.) The of characters from character to character. Therefore, than W. The the character which appear B. This condensed. This NLQ, and characters. Command Summary
SI Select Format: ASCII SI OF Prints characters about of their the characters inch. condensed, and condensed. This command both and NLQ. Select ESC SI Format: ASCII ESC SI 1B OF the SI command. This both and NLQ. DC2 Format: DC2 ASCII SI, ESC SI, or SelecType. Command Summary
Double-Wide Format: ASCII SO 0E Double-wide the of characters. This or DC4. This command both and NLQ. Select ESC SO Format: ESC SO ASCII 1B the SO command. This both and NLQ. DC4 Format: ASCII DC4 selected SO or ESC SO, selected ESC or ESC Command Summary
Turn On/Off ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B The following turned ON. (The ASCII and or the ASCII characters and used.) turned OFF. Double-wide the of characters. This both and NLQ. ESC Turn Double-High On/Off Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following turned ON. (The ASCII and or the ASCII characters and used.) turned OFF. Double-hi the height of characters. and the double-high This both and NLQ. Command Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B text each with the slightly to the right of the first. This both and NLQ. ESC Emphasized Format: ASCII ESC 1B emphasized, the selected ESC E. This both and NLQ. ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B text each with the slightly below the first. NLQ Command Select Emphasized
ESCH Format: ASCII ESC 1B off the selected ESC G. ESC S0 Format: ASCII ESC NUL 1B Prints characters about two-thirds of the height the of the character The ASCII or the character this command. It with ESC T. This both and NLQ. It with high. ESC S1 Format: ASCII ESC SOH 1B Prints characters about two-thirds of the height the of the character The ASCII or the character this command. It with ESC T. This both and NLQ. It with high. Command Summary Select
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B or ESC Turn On/Off Format ASCII ESC 1B 2D The following turned ON. (The ASCII and or the ASCII turned OFF. characters and used.) This including This both and NLQ. Command Summary
Word Processing Select Justification ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B The following Selects Selects centering. Selects right Selects The when the becomes The commands HT and BS there within This both and MQ. Intercharacter ESC SP Format: ASCII ESC SP 1B the amount of to the right of each character, to the already allowed the of the character. The of of to which should from to of of inch. This both and NLQ. Command Summary
Character ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following Selects character Selects Graphics character Selects the character ASCII through Selecting Graphics selected ESC and the function of DIP switch that the of or the characters and used. the character ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B characters from the character to printed. This the Graphics character selected ESC or the DIP switch character graphics This both and NLQ. Command Summary Select Character Table
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the selected ESC This both and NLQ. ESC Select International Character Format: ASCII ESC 1B the section international character information international character The following 0=USA =Norway II II 3=UK America the DIP switch international characters. This both and NLQ. Command Summary
Characters Chapter and information this topic. ESC Characters Format: ASCII ESC NUL 1B This characters as This effective when DIP switch ESC Copy ROM RAM Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3A This the characters the ROM RAM that characters The following This effective when DIP switch Command Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B ESC to the character The following Selects the Selects the NLQ characters, ESC ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the of through as characters, This allows the of these characters characters. Command Summary Printable Select
ESC ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This through to treated as This the B. ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B ASCII to and to usually These become input of the ESC which allows the of these characters. If this to and to to Command Summary Printable
Graphics Chapter graphics ESC Select Graphics Format: ESC ASCII 1B 4B Turns eight-pin graphics inch). The of Graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4C low-speed graphics inch). The of Select High-Speed Graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B high-speed graphics inch). The of C o
ESC Select Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 5A graphics inch). The of Select Graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2A graphics the below the The of this Command Summary
ESC Reassign Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3F graphics to another. The character (K, L, or Z), which reassigned to (O-7). ESC Select Graphics Format: ASCII ESC graphics this the of and The of This items each of Command Summary
IBM Commands The and the IBM of the commands. Therefore, this of the summary and the commands the summary. The commands that Commands that Commands Operation ESC U, BEL CR, CAN FF, ESC C, ESC C ESC N, ESC LF, ESC ESC ESC VT, ESC Head BS, HT Size/Character SI, ESC SI, SO, ESC SO, DC4, ESC W, ESC E, ESC F, ESC G, ESC H, ESC SO, ESC ESC T, ESC- Graphics ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC that IBM graphics the as graphics that ESC ESC and ESC Command Summary
Commands That from Commands ESC Q3 Format: ASCII ESC 1B the off the off and back or DC1 ESC Q22 (FX-1050) Format: ASCII ESC 1B the off the turned off and back or DC1 Motion ESC n/72-inch Spacing Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch. This memory the the ESC to The of from to Command Summary (FX-850)
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the memory ESC A. If ESC ESC the to of inch. (The the character and ASCII ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4A Advances the of of inch. The of from to This command feed spacing. It DIP switch OFF. Top of ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the as top of Command Summary Select Spacing n/216-inch
ESC Turn On/Off Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following turned ON. turned OFF. If the the feed to each return. If the off, This the function of DIP switch Motion and Right Margins ESC Format ASCII ESC 1B The to the pitch, and the right to The the inch. The first Command Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC NUL 1B This allows the of to which as the to with the NUL character terminating the command. The ESC NUL clears The every characters. The the character pitch that the ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B and ESC and ESC D) to their Command Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects the to the specified The of the following: Near Near Near Near the IBM incompatible with each other. These condensed, and Therefore, of these, the others. Select ESC Format: ASCII C Selects characters inch. Command Summary Select Font
Turn On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following (The ASCII and or the ASCII ON. turned OFF characters and used.) The of characters from character to character. Therefore, than W. The the character which appear B. This condensed, and DC2 Format: ASCII DC2 condensed, and and selects The command Command Summary
ESC Select Double-High/Double-Wide Format: ASCII ESC 1B 5B The following used: and The of affects both character height and feed as shown below: feed Char height Unchanged Unchanged Double-high Unchanged Double-high Unchanged Double-high The of selects the of the characters. Double-wide ESC_ Format: ASCII ESC 1B 5F The following turned ON. turned OFF. Command Summary Turn On/Off
Character ESC Select International Character Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects the international character (Table the character B. Character ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B Selects the character (Table the international character selected. the character B. Characters from ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B SC Prints of characters from the The of characters the character the and the to Command Summary
ESC^ One Character from Format: ASCII ESC 1B 5E Prints character from the the character the and the to Characters Characters ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3D If C the of characters to (C MOD INT(B/256) the of the first character to the top used; the through the that the characters, with each character The each character as shown the first the the section characters To character, ESC I, which Command Summary
Technical Specifications Specifications A-2 Interface Specifications A-5 A-8 Technical Specifications
Specifications Quality Pitch Characters/second/line NLQ Bidirectional text unidirectional-for graphics spacing: or or of of inch Printable Character pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch Character A-2 Technical NLQ characters FX-850 FX-1050
Characters: FX-850 FX-1050 Sheet to to to to or or or or Length: Printable or or of to sheets including the thickness A-3 Technical Specifications ASCII character (including characters) international character Graphics characters to inches to
feeding Friction tractor (optional) tract or (optional) Ribbon Cartridge ribbon, only: (FX-850) #8755(M) (FX-1050) of MCBF: head: MTBF: FX hours head life: characters dots/character) and VAC to Insulation 10M AC and chassis AC and chassis): Operation: 40F to 95F (5C to 35C) -22F to 140F (-30C to 60C) A-4 Technical Specifications characters dots/character) FX-1050 hours FX-850 FX-1050 Width: Depth: Can withstand or VAC second.
Humidity: Vibration: Interface Specifications with interface. optional interfaces, the with the optional interfaces. assignments the interface Connector assignments and of their respective interface shown the following tion STROBE to than microseconds the DATA IN IN IN OUT About LOW that and that the ready to Technical Specifications A-5 Operation: to (without to (without Operation: to within to within Operation: to to to to DATA IN These information of DATA IN DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA IN the to of respectively HIGH IN when and LOW when IN
Technical Specifications A-6
The heading Direction to the of flow as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the These should shielded and connected to the chassis of the and the interface based TTL Both the and the of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW. and The following shows the relationship or the line/off and the of the on/off characters, DC1 or DC3. *While character received and acknowledged that the another DC1 character, which would allow to Technical Specifications A-7
Interface The below shows the the interface. There three that the to of the Software the ESC the Software command. Technical Specifications A-8 the INIT the interface LOW).
The below shows the that become when the initialized. Item Item Top of Top of and right VFU VFU Font selection Font selection CPI CPI Justification the cleared when the turning the or INIT The character cleared when the initialized. Technical Specifications A-9 1/6-inch Cleared Every characters Every characters to the SelecType to the SelecType to:
Table B-2 Character B-6
Table This the of characters. The of inch. of of inch.) You to these the of characters that The characters with indicated international characters or graphics. the the section international character Chapter the the international characters. Also, the of the ESC and ESC commands the Command Summary information to these characters. The following shows each its character, and its If there the the the character. 2A 2C 2D 2E 2F B-2 CHR 3A 3B 3C 3D 3E 3F CHR
CHR CHR C 4A 4C 4D 4E 4F 5A 5B 5C 5D 5E 5F C B-3 6A 6B 6C 6D 6E 6F 7A 7B 7C 7D 7E
CHR B-4 CHR BO B1 B2 B3 B4 B5 B6 B7 B8 B9 BA BB BC BD BE BF C0 Cl C2 C3 C4 C5 C6 C7 C8 C9 CA CB CC CD CE CF DO D1 D2
CHR CHR D3 D4 D5 D6 D7 D8 D9 DA DB DC DD DE DF EO E1 E2 E3 E4 E5 E6 E7 E8 E9 EA EB EC ED EE EF FO F1 F2 F3 F4 F5 F6 F7 R-S F8 F9 FA FB FC FD FE
Character These character selected DIP switch or using the ESC software command. the Graphics character of the ESC or ESC software whether to to 9F as characters (ESC or (ESC Character Table C C C C o B-6
Graphics Character Table C C B-7
that these apply specifically to If that topic information. that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and this turned DIP switch, each (CR) feed (LF) of the of Usually to second. bidirectional which the head from to right other On the other from right to This increases the of the head both or which the of information or memory. of information consisting of GL-1
The that the to the issued together with feed, the to the of the bidirectional the head actually to the characters inch of the of text characters, often to as pitch. often the or character of numbers, and that with the characters which each character approximately of the of characters. or spreadsheets the that each perforated and the characters, the ASCII includes other These such functions as sounding the and or feed. (CSF) optional, that sheets of the troubleshooting the each that as as the ASCII that the characters. GL-2
or that when the turned or initialized. DIP switches switches that functions and the of the when turned or initialized. DIP graphics graphic of of which each or of double-high which each character as high as of characters. Each character the the slightly below the Can only which each character as as characters. (Double-wide known as expanded.) One of of character high-speed of characters. character with the slightly to the right of the first. Graphics The Graphics character international characters, characters, and character graphics comers, and areas. GL-3
ESC to commands. ESC/P The of commands software. It and software computers. of type family normally the of and that the to the top of the To the of the turning the or INIT interface The the and the interface character or and interface which the characters This (NLQ) One of Near reduces the and increases the of character to increase the quality. feed and that the GL-4
memory The memory. from the of the from the memory to the memory. The then information from its memory This of frees the to other while the The memory the that the and tear-off Three commonly with and the and (This the and the A, B, C, D, E, and F. This and and only the and information to that or off. often and the with the connected to switch the that when with causing the PAPER OUT light to The of the that fits top of the to feed interface interface. GL-5
Parity and to the of pitch Indicates the of characters inch The pitch. The that the of and (NLQ). high-speed, NLQ polished which the of the character from character to character. than lowercase The than typewritten tractor The built-in that through the RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. To to its command, INIT or turning the off and of the operation of the the the its DIP switch and the characters that its ROM. interface interface. GL-6
top of The the that the as the first sheets, this the to which the loaded. this to the turning the off and characters Characters that and the the known as characters. tear-off that the perforation of to the tear-off and then the back to the This using the GL-7
This section the FX commands. The the the right the Chapter where of the found. If the and IBM the the the both and the section. IBM Motion ESC/P
ESC /P Style/Print Enhancement/Word Processing Character Characters/Graphics
Commands IBM DIP Switch Functions International character
EPSON AMERICA, INC. California