ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: This English and Spanish. The English section this The Spanish section the of the shrimpfront.fm A5 R4C7930
shrimpfront.fm A5 R4C7930 rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Microsoft, and NT of Microsoft Corporation. IBM and of International Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
A5 ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: Introduction This covers the following information: the the Troubleshooting Product Information and Notes to to to Notes information and the operation of Where to Information to this information about the following Reference It the optional products, software, troubleshooting, and technical specifications. the Reference It the and includes the information Chapter of this R4C7930 Introduction
R4C7930 A5 Access anytime information and instructions the software that when the software. Although the this the FX-880+ the instructions apply to both the FX-880+ and the FX-1180+; the the the Reference You the Reference directly from the CD-ROM that with the or and from the Reference from the CD-ROM the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM The appears. If the Click the CD-ROM then SETUP.EXE Double-click To the Reference the and the Reference from the To the Reference follow and the section. Then Reference and follow the on-screen instructions. the the FX880P 1180P appears the EPSON Introduction ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
A5 ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: To the Reference to and EPSON Then, FX880P 1180P If enough to the Reference directly from the CD. the You the from the software CD-ROM, to or Follow these to the from the CD-ROM: the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM The Screen appears. If Click the CD-ROM the then SETUP.EXE. Double-click To the the such as cut-sheet or further Optional interface to built-in interfaces. and the Reference information.) You purchase and from EPSON or the EPSON SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please R4C7930 Introduction
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: the This chapter to and Unpacking the the items shown below, the should include EPSON software CD-ROM and Notice There of the and to the with another If the the back of the the country, You protective around and and turn the Follow the the Notice Sheet with the to these and protective to the A5 R4C7930 the
A5 R4C7930 Choosing the the The properly or the where easily to interface necessary. around the easy and or the to and humidity. from sunlight, light, heat or or to and the outlet where easily the cord. French-speaking users: fiche outlets switches or timers. information the memory of or outlets the as or other that fluctuations. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded If to and enough to the the and interface they with feeding. the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: the Ribbon Cartridge EPSON recommends the of EPSON the FX-880+, the FX-1180+). Products EPSON to that covered warranties. Warning: You to the head to the If the the head cool touching the turned off. If connected to from the the cover, then to A5 R4C7930 The off when the switch to the the
A5 R4C7930 Press the each of the as shown, then the front of the and and of the the head touching Then the head to the of the hand. the head while the this the If the the and and of the the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: the from the and the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to from the to the its and the as shown below; then both of the to the the pointed such as to the the head and Turn the ribbon-tightening to the should twisted or creased. A5 R4C7930 the
A5 R4C7930 the head from to to smoothly. the the mounting and lowering it Press both of the clicks the cover the front the the and lowering the cover Then clicks. the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: Attaching the To the to the straight the mounting the Then the upright You the when the the front or the to from obstructing or it slightly, then top of the A5 R4C7930 the
A5 R4C7930 Connecting the to with both IEEE-1284-compatible interface and USB interface. It includes optional interface type of interface. optional interface to the interface as below. You to both interfaces; the switches to the interface when the interface To to built-in interface, shielded, twisted-pair with the the and off. the securely the interface the together they both of the If there ground the of the to the ground as shown below. the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: the other of the the interface (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the USB interface To the to USB shielded USB or that with USB If USB recommended that the to the first of the or the directly to the USB Follow these to the to the built-in USB interface: both the and off. the of the the USB the back of the the other of the to the USB A5 R4C7930 the
A5 R4C7930 optional interface You optional interface to built-in interface. The EPSON interface below with (Not interfaces Card type C82305 C82306 interface C82307 C82308 KB interface C82313 KB IEEE-488 interface C82314 Coax interface C82315 interface C82345 IEEE-1284 interface C82363**/C82364 Int. C82362 2/T Int. C82384 EpsonNet TX Int. The country. using optional interface (C82525). Follow these to optional interface the turned off. the and the interface the screws the shield to the back of the and the the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: the interface the both of the interface the to the the back of the the internal Then the screws and them. To the interface the the Follow these to the the turned off. A5 R4C7930 The off when the switch to the the shield plate to the interface the
A5 R4C7930 the the back of the to the the matches that of the of the matches the of It to the If the rated the and outlet match, the cord. the of the the AC the back of the the other of the properly grounded the Software the to to the software included the EPSON software CD-ROM shipped with The the software that or With such as quality, and EPSON or NT EPSON of and displays information. the Reference information the or NT the EPSON information the software, Software the Reference the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: Follow the below to the software or NT the software or NT If information. If to of the software CD-ROM, the CD and SETUP.EXE. the that appears, based and follow the on-screen instructions. If the of the EPSON software, of the EPSON software or installation. If the New or other appears when If the Not appears, If the or NT and the turned off. the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM The appears. If Click the CD-ROM the then SETUP.EXE. (If the the Double-click the and then the FD_SETUP.EXE Click to the software installation. Select from the then follow the instructions the A5 R4C7930 the
A5 R4C7930 DOS To the from DOS to the or another from the Choose the EPSON the the or If the include choose the first from the following FX-880+: FX-880 FX-870 FX-850 FX-800 FX-85 FX-80+ FX-80 If of these choose the first from the following: FX LX RX MX EPSON ASCII If the software to the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: FX-1180+: FX-1180 FX-1170 FX-1050 FX-1000 FX-105 FX-100+ FX-100
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: Chapter This chapter covers instructions to and information, the Reference the Release the to the release to the to as the below. shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930 Single-sheet single-sheet from the top or front tractor with the the front or when the front and tractors Rear with the tractor the or when the rear and tractors from the tractor top of the the You the front, rear, or
shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930 the Paper-Thickness the paper-thickness the type of Turn the off and the cover. The paper-thickness located the of the The to the the thickness Select the to this type or Carbonless with: Continuous with to the 5C (41F) or the paper-thickness to the 35C (95F) or the paper-thickness higher to ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: Loading Continuous with the Tractor the turned off. Then the front cover and the the the front the release to the front the paper-thickness to the thickness. the Paper-Thickness instructions. Release the and right the backward. shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930
shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930 the approximately inch) from the and the to Then the right to match the of the the the front cover straight as shown below. clean, straight Then both covers and the first four of the with the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: the covers. the right to the then the the front cover with the as shown below. the the and the the to the and right. Then the Turn the the the and If the first appears too high or its the function as the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930
shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930 Loading Continuous with the Rear Tractor the the front cover from the front the turned off, the the and the the release to the Release the and right the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: the approximately inch) from the and the back to Then the right to match the of the the The top of the the furthest to the where clean, straight Then both covers and the first four of the with the the tractor the covers. Then the right to the and it the shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930
shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930 the and the the the to the and right, then the Turn the the the and If the first appears too high or its with the function. the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form Loading with the Tractor the front cover from the front ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: the turned off, and the cover the the and the the the release to the Release the the the approximately inch) from the and the back to Then the right to match the of the the clean, straight Then the covers. shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930
shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930 the off the the If the while the the the front or as shown the below it the and the Then the the perforation the first and with the top of the ribbon. the front the front cover. Then with the facing the with the facing ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: four of the the both Then the covers. the right to the then the the the to the and right, then the If the front the the front cover. Then, the front cover as shown below. Turn the shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930
shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930 the the LF/FF from the otherwise the the without the If necessary, follow the the Function to the of the the to the top-of-form turning the when the or to the top-of-form the the front the the then lowering the cover to the The from the top-of-form tear off the the perforation the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: from the tear off the supply the perforation the To feed and the LF/FF the or Tear when the tractor; the off the and the Loading with the the the front cover from the front shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930
shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930 the the upright Then the paper-thickness to ordinary single-sheet (If to the the release to the single-sheet Turn the necessary. the to the the Next the right to match the of of with the the The the and ready to ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: If the first appears too high or the function to the top-of-form information. Loading with the Cut-Sheet The cut-sheet to sheets of the Reference instructions the or the cut-sheet the the front cover from the front the the release to the single-sheet and the paper-thickness to shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930
shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930 the of the cut-sheet with the Next, the right to roughly match the of the the both the and to allow of to sheets) and Next, the and of the to the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Proof Sign-off: the the the right that matches the of the allows the to and freely. back the to the the the wires to the as shown below, necessary. shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930
shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930 the with the attached the notches the straight the mounting the the to the of The cut-sheet when the If the first appears too high or its the function. Loading with the High-Capacity Cut-Sheet The high-capacity cut-sheet to sheets of or to instructions the Reference or the high-capacity cut-sheet ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: the the front cover from the front the release to the single-sheet the paper-thickness to ordinary single-sheet (If instructions the paper-thickness the the to release them. shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930
A5 R4C7930 the it with the then back its Next, the right to roughly match the of the to the both the and to allow of to sheets) and Next, the and of the to the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: the the the right that matches and the of the allows the to and freely. If back the as shown below. back the to the or the The cut-sheet when the If the first appears too high or its the function. information. shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930
shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930 Loading Follow the this section when single-sheet and the paper-thickness the as ordinary the following inch) thickness. that or Thick such as with or straight to thick the front or Single-sheet To single-sheet the front with the optional front or front Thick such as with or straight to information, the Reference ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: front front
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: the type of that mounted with with try to with the properly. Thick such as with straight or straight path. You the front or tractor) or tractor) however, the tractor the and the front or The with the as that ordinary the paper-thickness to It to with the tractor. the rear or front tractor. using the or Tear backward, easily off the and to and humidity, them only operating the they around the and when with from the the curved, off their the and that or shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930 to 25C to 77F) Humidity to RH
A5 R4C7930 with To from off the and the follow these to with from the Tear off the fresh supply of the perforation the the LF/FF to the from the the or Tear backward, easily off the and You the or the optional high-capacity cut-sheet of the cut-sheet the paper-thickness to from thin to thick ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: To follow the instructions Loading with the To Loading with the High-Capacity Cut-Sheet to the and the top of the the first. The head the or right of the or other thick within the of Specifications the Reference information the of If the with the arrow the Switching You easily switch back and forth with tractor and sheets without to or the A5 R4C7930
shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930 Switching to sheets Follow the below to switch from from to If the them switching to single-sheet with information. If the the from switching to single-sheet from the tractor information. If the the Tear to the to the tear-off Then tear off the tear off the the feeding Press the to feed the to the The attached to the the path. the the clicks then the to the upright the release to the single-sheet as Loading with the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: Switching to Follow the below to switch from to with tractor. To switch from with the optional front to with the front tractor, to the front If the the to the to when the this the or to the top-of-form the tractor the front or and that the release to the front or the the when the Function The function allows to the or (1/216-inch) to the tear-off and top-of-form the tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the function to the perforation to the tear-off as below. tear-off off the shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930
shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930 the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off You to the Tear to the to the tear-off the Tear light flashing (the the tear-off the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the Press the LF/FF to backward, or the to feed the perforation with the tear-off of the cover. ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: tear-off of the cover perforation
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: The and tear-off If to the tear-off these the and the Tear off the Press the to off the the back to the top-of-form and the top-of-form The top-of-form the the where the If appears too high or the the to the top-of-form as below. top-of-form off the the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form the turned (If the the to to the top-of-form If necessary, the cover the the three seconds. The light flashes and the the shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930
shrimppaper.fm A5 R4C7930 Press the LF/FF to the top-of-form the or the to the top-of-form the Press the to the The and top-of-form If to these the and the the reaches the top-of-form the and the You this as reference when the The top software the top-of-form with the function. ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: Chapter the This chapter to the buttons the to and Lights Button/Light Function Font Selects of the Selecting Font and Pitch Font lights Indicate which selected. both the Font and Pitch buttons the clears the and its Pitch Selects of the pitch Selecting Font and Pitch Tear to the tear-off A5 R4C7930 from the tear-off to the top-of-form Selects cut-sheet when the cut-sheet the
A5 R4C7930 Tear light Flashes when the tear-off LF/FF when quickly. the three seconds, the the this the LF/FF Loads of light On when the temporarily, and when Lock-out the and lights pressed. light On when the selected or correctly. the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: On when of the optional cut-sheet selected. when of the optional cut-sheet selected. Ejects or to the top-of-form when and buttons to the top-of-form or tear-off the Function Ejects of from the to the loaded. Flashes when the the three seconds, the the when or occurred.
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: Selecting Font and Pitch Usually, to the and pitch to of the pitches) with the the as below. (The usually from the The pitch the select: Font Pitch USD HSD PS PS PS that the Press the Font the Font lights the as shown below. o USD o HSD o o Press the Pitch the Pitch lights the pitch. o o o o PS A5 R4C7930 o off flashing the
A5 R4C7930 About The While these through software or to from the the The following shows the options each instructions the front inches: inches: rear tractor perforation On tear-off On tear off second, seconds, Others On Software ESC/P IBM PPDS as IBM OKI ML 320T* USB, Option I/F (interface) seconds seconds I/F (interface) On I/F bidirectional PC PC Character PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC858, ISO other Italic, PC PC PC PC PC855, PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO PC PC LAT., ISO PC UKR, PC-APTEC, PC-771, PC-AR864, PC PC the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: International character (options the country) second, seconds seconds, seconds feed On On CR Table IBM character Others LPI LPI inch)* On information.) Not IBM PPDS front tractor This allows to the inches) the the front tractor. tractor This allows to the inches) the the tractor. perforation This when selected. this the one-inch the and the first the from the should this top and A5 R4C7930 U.S.A. Germany, U.K., Italy, the
A5 R4C7930 tear-off tear-off and with the front or tractor, the the perforation to the tear-off the the back to the top-of-form and of the tear-off off and using with the front or rear tractor, to the perforation to the tear-off manually the Tear the tear-off information. tear-off the this option specify to the the perforation to the tear-off feed the each (CR) with (LF) You bidirectional or normally bidirectional; however, allows Software Select ESC/P to the EPSON ESC/P Select IBM PPDS to the IBM The character when this when this off. The allows to easily distinguish the O and the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: I/F (interface) The optional interface to its built-in and USB interfaces. You choose USB or Option the interface the selects the interface that This the without the interface If connected to the USB or Option which interface I/F (interface) the interface and from the currently selected interface the amount of specified with this which interface and switches to that interface. You specify seconds or seconds I/F bidirectional The Interface bidirectional when this If bidirectional unnecessary, this off. selected when from the If when with DOS, this off. Character You character International character You international character the character Each character characters that the country or the to A5 R4C7930 the
A5 R4C7930 feed The to seconds feeding manually, to or seconds necessary. The when If the to when off this CR This IBM PPDS each (LF) or ESC (CR) the the to the this off, CR the to the to the IBM character This IBM PPDS 00H to 1FH and 80H to 9FH of the character the 00H to 1FH the and 80H to 9FH characters. the the of the (the the and the of the the this to the of inch. the this to the function and the Then the LF/FF each to reach the the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: Follow these to the and the To the selection and instructions, three of A4 or single-sheet or three of that least inches) and inches) If sheets, to of each the from the and the turned off. Turn the while holding the Font The the and the selection instructions Press the Font the Font and Pitch lights the as the selection instructions. If the instructions English, there to which the instruction the Tear and Font buttons while the Press the Tear to the and instructions the selected. Follow the instructions to the from the off the to and the You the turning off the them A5 R4C7930 the
A5 R4C7930 the You the of buttons the Lock-out the Lock-out the and Tear off buttons. If to which locked, the Lock-out below. Turning Lock-out and off the turned off. Turn the while holding the and buttons. The indicating that the Lock-out turned the Lock-out the and lights three when pushed. To Lock-out off, and The once, indicating that Lock-out turned off. the Lock-out You which to while Lock-out (as below). The following shows which functions and their Lock-out Function Unlocked Unlocked LF FF Tear Unlocked the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: Font Pitch Unlocked and the turned off. Turn the while holding the LF/FF and buttons. The the Lock-out and the instructions. three sheets of A4 or single-sheet or three of that least inches] and inches] Follow the instructions to the as Turn off the Turning Lock-out and off instructions to Lock-out the Lock-out the If the EPSON FX-880+, the turning the the and the following selected the IBM PPDS EPSON ESC/P, ML 320T Software second, seconds, tear off Others Others inch) LPI LPI On A5 R4C7930 the
A5 R4C7930 The (shown with factory the ML 320T built-in USB interface, the FX-880+ the USB interface If to the that with FX-880+. If to with FX-880+ If to its reference the FX-880+. To this the ML 320T, SHIFT SEL to and then PRINT To the turned off. Then the Tear and buttons while the The once to The the To to FX-880+ the Tear and while the The and operating FX-880+ switch from to the other, to the the to their You the the when to the and them necessary. the ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting the If and or lights or flashing or the the following to and the If and Light the selected The release to the sheet of ejected. shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 the or the light off. Then the the light off and the The correctly. and correctly. or the Reference the release to the the to If from another currently the path, the to the then the release to the Press the to the to the Tear off the the perforation; then the The the to the Troubleshooting
shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 Light the The head overheated. Tear Font light Pitch light flashing three and while operating the information this section to the of and to that the type of that occurred, and the section below: supply or feeding or Troubleshooting ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: To clear the Clearing the once the head The the as unknown or occurred. Turn off the and off then the If the
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: You the to whether the or the causing the instructions. To to the To clear Clearing The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of Warning: the to outlet that the The and the lights off when turn the What to The properly the or The outlet shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 the and the outlet ratings. If the match, the immediately and Turn off the and the the outlet (and the necessary). Then the Troubleshooting
shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 or feeding The single-sheet or feed properly. What to the Press the to feed path. the back to the the release to the single-sheet and Switching to sheets information.) The release the release to the to tractor single-sheet The the too to the or right the to that there. Single-sheet Chapter or the Reference properly. instructions single-sheet The paper-thickness the paper-thickness to match correctly. the thickness of instructions. creased, too of thin, or too thick. Troubleshooting ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: the (and the to the or right.
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: The What to too Press the to the the of within the specified single-sheet and the or The properly with the optional cut-sheet What to The cut-sheet as the properly. Reference Too sheets the cut-sheet You than of the high-capacity cut-sheet The of the cut-sheet correctly. There to the cut-sheet the shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 than of the Reference information. the with the arrow then the right to match Troubleshooting
shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 The or feed properly. What to The release the release to the correctly. the to the Release Single-sheet the Press the to path. the Continuous Chapter or the Reference properly. instructions with the tractor to The paper-thickness the paper-thickness to match correctly. the thickness of as The to the What to You torn off the the Troubleshooting ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: Tear off the the perforation. Then the to feed the to the
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: top-of-form appears too high or the What to The software or match the of the The the front or tractor match the of the The top or top-of-form incorrect. The to selected software. You the the while the shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 the or the the front or tractor the About and the or top-of-form software. You the top-of-form the function. the the top-of-form Choose the from the or the top-of-form using the function. the top-of-form Troubleshooting
shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form tear-off The (or too from) the perforation of What to The tear-off the tear-off the incorrect. function. the tear-off the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off You the using the while the The to selected software. The or match the of the The the front or tractor match the of the Troubleshooting ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: the tear-off the function. the tear-off Choose the from the or the or the the front or tractor the About
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: or The when the What to Press the to off the The light. The interface that both of the securely. the and the securely. If the connected correctly, as interface the and/or specifications. software properly The nothing or abruptly. What to The paper-thickness the paper-thickness to match incorrectly. the thickness of the Paper-Thickness instructions. shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 interface that the of both the and Connecting the to Computer and Select from the or If necessary, or the software as Troubleshooting
shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 The too the or the properly. The What to The paper-thickness incorrectly The the as of the or What to The too the or the properly. The the as Troubleshooting ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as the paper-thickness to the Paper-Thickness instructions. the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: of the What to The head Stop and to the head replaced. the head yourself; the Also, other of the when the head replaced. the text the What to the of each of The of What to feed commands the of each of the The software incorrect. shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 Turn the the that the to each About Turn off the feed the the software. Troubleshooting
shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 The incorrect or other characters. What to and correctly. The character Select the character using selected software. software or the The character software the The to selected software. software correctly Software the or the buttons. Troubleshooting ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: using the interface and that the correct. Connecting the to Computer If optional interface optional interface Choose the from the or that software correctly If necessary, or the software as software to the
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: What to Bidirectional which the of Correcting USB If with USB the information this section. that or or You to or the USB which with USB or which from to or about that EPSON USB Devices appears the and only) If the the the USB or the incorrectly Follow these to the and the Turn the and the USB the and the Right-click the then shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 the bidirectional to this Printout Troubleshooting
shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 Click the If correctly EPSON USB Devices should appear the If EPSON USB Devices appear the the Other to the If USB appears Other the USB correctly. If EPSON FX-880+ or EPSON FX-1180+ appears, the correctly. If neither USB EPSON FX-880+ or EPSON FX-1180+ appears Other Refresh or the USB from the then the Other USB or EPSON FX-880+ or EPSON FX-1180+ and Then, OK At the OK Then OK to the Turn off the and Then, the from the following the instructions correctly with the USB If correctly with the USB or of these that the shielded USB If using USB the to the first of the or the directly to the USB Troubleshooting ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: the USB and the software. EPSON Software using the the then EPSON USB Devices Next, the software as If EPSON USB the the CD-ROM and Then follow the on-screen instructions. Clearing Follow these to clear Turn off the the cover. If the tear off the fresh supply the perforation the Turn the the of the from to the the of If the where the the of the the the of the to clear when the off. the or the top-of-form or tear-off the cover and the the light flashing and the light off. shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 Troubleshooting
shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 Printout If that the properly the bidirectional to this bidirectional the three sheets of High and NLQ You the from each To the instruction and sheets or of of least the following type FX-880+ FX-1180+ Continuous (including inches) inches) perforated A4 or A3 If sheets, to sheet of each the sheet from the Follow these to the bidirectional loaded, then off the Whenever turn off the least seconds turning back otherwise the While holding the the The the bidirectional and then instructions and the first of the instructions, the and the with the Then the with the each of the of the the of selection turning off the Troubleshooting ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: the whether the or the causing the If the satisfactory, the properly and the from or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the and and to the You the sheets or of least the following type FX-880+ FX-1180+ Continuous (including perforated A4 or A3 Follow these to and the turned off. To the the the while the LF/FF button. To the the the while the Either the of however, the than the seconds, the the and the of characters printed. To temporarily the the To the the shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 inches) inches) Troubleshooting
shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 To the the to If the the to the Then off the off the while the the to and the Load/Eject to the off the The DOS-based PC If or to the and software the from the as You using or that least inches) such as A4 or and the turned off. To the while holding the LF/FF and buttons. software and to the the such the characters the right with the of the the the receiving. If characters they appear the right as ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as Troubleshooting ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: To off the the and then off the off the while the the to and the to the turn off the Where To If EPSON operating properly and the the troubleshooting information the information below. EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services below. Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated of services Telephone Services hours To these services, tone telephone and of the following SoundAdvice SM to SoundAdvice: the FX-880+) or the FX-1180+). To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 Troubleshooting
shrimptroub.fm A5 R4C7930 please the following information Product (EPSON FX-880+ or FX-1180+) Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the You purchase and from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Troubleshooting ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: Chapter Product Information Instructions This the head and other to that they those the used. them cool touching them. Instructions of these instructions the follow and instructions the the or or heat the It properly or or the and the and through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. or cord. shrimpprod.fm A5 R4C7930 Product Information
shrimpprod.fm A5 R4C7930 If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the of the outlet the the cleaning and clean with of cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or If the If the or the If the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected or users: A- Product Information ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: ENERGY STAR The International ENERGY STAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, printers, and to reduce caused FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or shrimpprod.fm A5 R4C7930 ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. Product Information
shrimpprod.fm A5 R4C7930 WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the users This Class of the Interface Regulations. Product Information ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: P980C/P981C shrimpprod.fm A5 R4C7930 Product Information
shrimpprod.fm A5 R4C7930 UPS (Universal Supply) According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: P980C/P981C Product Information ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off:
ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: What Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the first user of the EPSON with this warranty that the purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase. EPSON warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON What EPSON To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON or warranty instructions and authorization, required. EPSON its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes EPSON property. The exchanged or or previously repaired to the EPSON of or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. warranty service, of the of purchase. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers only the United States and This warranty and apply to products purchased from This warranty to the caused and manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover or third or peripheral to the EPSON its from EPSON, boards or chips. EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. and incurred EPSON warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. shrimpprod.fm A5 R4C7930 EPSON AMERICA, INC. LIMITED WARRANTY Product Information
shrimpprod.fm A5 R4C7930 THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC., NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to Product Information ABE S. T. ABE Y. A. Sign-off: America, Inc., P. O. CA