rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information contained from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P2 of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective Copyright Corporation,
Please the information with the information below. On the text with the information below. Software to the following sections instructions. Microsoft users If Microsoft follow the below to the If using follow these Copyright Corporation, M01-00 and the the containing the Click then A: SETUP (or B: SETUP); then OK. Select the and The automatically. Click OK.
On the information below. the Follow these to the the To the the IEEE-2284 (ECP or EPP bidirectional information. the and the connected to the (The to Turn off and necessary. Turn the first; then the If the You the New the Then the from of the other buttons. If the New please follow the the while the section. The the the New this the then OK. This appear
Click OK. You the From the If the A, OK. the the Copy from and OK. At the type the the that the as shown. The the to and to the the assign. Click the Next the YES to Click the Choose the the correctly. If correctly, choose and follow the the To the Checking the of this To the as the the
the while If follow the below. the the A: WIN (or B: WIN then OK. Select the then the Next Select the to with this Click the Next Select the to the the Click the Next Click the to Click the that appears, choose the satisfactorily. If satisfactorily, choose and follow the that appear Double-click the Double-click the Click the Next Select the or Network Then the Next button. Click the the containing the
Checking the On the information below. If to the information If follow these to the the the Select then Right-click Choose Properties. Select the the from the the If through the and the The the to the select. Select or Landscape The the to the select. Select the Select the the Graphics other wish, and OK when finished.
On through the information with the information below. DOS includes the EPSON and EPSON You EPSON to the from instead of the EPSON to properly EPSON To the follow these EPSON To EPSON follow these From the DOS the directory to the C To the EPSON type PRNSET, and or to the EPSON type CALIBRAT, and Follow the instructions the to the containing the From the DOS type A: SETUP (or B: SETUP); then the that appears, the and C: EPUTIL appears as the directory. Press the to the EPUTIL directory C.
On and the as follows: Please the of with the below. Please the the of of with the below.
On the information below. the or the and below, to the products Ribbon S015086 Ribbon S010033 Printed
This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected the or The of nonshielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. Changes or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of FCC United States WARNING
Declaration of Conformity According to ISO/IEC and EN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, EPSON EUROPE B.V. Representative: Prof. J. H. AT The Declares that the Product: Product FX-2170 P920A Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): Directive 89/336/EEC: Directive 73/23/EEC: EN Directive 90/384/EEC: M. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. EN Class EN IEC IEC IEC EN
EPSON and service through nationwide of Authorized EPSON Customer EPSON the following services the U.S. and through the EPSON Where to United States Technical with the and operation of EPSON products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Customer Customer Relations EPSON technical information service Product and products You purchase ribbons, and EPSON products from EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. SM
of options CompuServe If the to helpful specifications, and through the America CompuServe. If currently of CompuServe, free introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: introductory CompuServe own ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication. To of this offer, the United States and and other countries, or CompuServe If already CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America United (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as or Products (UK) Limited.
information warning: This earthed. to rating and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and yellow Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: If to the the or only with of the and The and connected to the the which with the or with the earth (G) or coloured or and yellow. The connected to the the with the or coloured The to the the with the or coloured red.
Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively. Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heat or cover the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions.
Chapter the Choosing the the the Ribbon Cartridge the the Connecting the to Software Microsoft and Checking the software the
the selecting to to follow these the the enough to the the interface to reach around the easy and locations that to sunlight, heat, or properly grounded the where easily the cord. outlets switches or timers. of information the memory of or outlets the as or other that fluctuations. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones.
If to follow these that least that the of than from If cut-sheet the If to through the of the choose that path. and interface they with feeding. If the to of the the that the straight the tractors the
Unpacking the should include EPSON and the following items: locations the permanently to the the to the There of the and to the another If the the back of the the country,
the Ribbon Cartridge the that the the cover and off. the head to the (the of the the
the from the of the and the the with the ribbon-tightening facing the of the the that the notch each of the fits the each of the the and clicks both the
the and the the head. Press the clicks the or creased and that the head. Turn the ribbon- to the ribbon. the head from to to smoothly. the
the cover first the front the the front of the then the the the of the the the the
the the the and the the cover The when the cover the
the the turned off. the the back of the to the matches that of If the attached to the the to the AC the the properly grounded the You the or with or sheets. You the from the rear, front, top, or The following to the single-sheet from the top. Chapter information the If the rated and match, the cord.
The the the currently selected the turned off and the the release to the single-sheet the near the while the the LF/FF while the the
the to the arrow Then the right to match the of the and the the the least inches) otherwise, the head directly the
of the the to match the of seconds, the the to the and the the cover The when the cover To the temporarily, the To the the then off the of typical the
Connecting the to If the correctly, ready to to the to to built-in interface. Follow these both the and turned off; then the securely the interface the together they of the the other of the the (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the If ground wire, to the ground beneath the interface
Software Microsoft and software specify the type of that of the features. software or section that of If Microsoft follow the below to the correctly such as Word CorelDRAW! If already the as the that with the Then follow the below to the and that the the EPSON From the choose A:\DRIVER\SETUP, and choose OK. (This that the Select FX-2170 as the and The automatically. Click OK. and the
Checking the should that the match While the with the of this, choose the to the to the following: Follow these to the the The inch The of the the The of the or Tractor, feed, or the the Double-click the highlighted. Click the the the the from the If the the the right to through the The the to the select. Select or The the to the select. Select the Select the
software Click to the option You intensity clicking the arrow to or dithering choosing or DOS software include ESC/P Also, DOS to from of to the If included the software to there If the first the below. FX-870/1170 FX-850/1050 FX-800/1000 EX-800/1000 FX-85/105 FX-80+/100+ FX-80/100 the instructions selecting the the
The following DOS included with the Follow these to type the the The completed automatically. the allows to the from the from this when the appear to properly. the containing the EPSON DOS, the where the the directory to UTILITY (that type A:TILITY the A). INSTALL [directory type INSTALL C: EPREMOTE, and
To to the with follow these to the directory specified, C:\EPREMOTE\. PANEL (C:\EPREMOTE\PANEL), and the that while the the selection and the Press F1 to the (The then to the Press F2 to the PRNSET (C:\EPREMOTE\PRNSET), and the which the Chapter the Press F1 to and F2 to the the
To the CALIBRAT.EXE follow these the containing the DOS, the where the the directory to UTILITY (that type A:TILITY the A). CALIBRAT, and Follow the instructions the to You the from the to Then the directory (or the to the directory), type CALIBRAT, and the
Chapter Selecting the the release Loading sheets from the top Loading from the front Selecting the and tractor Loading the front Loading the tractor Loading the tractor Loading the from the Switching and Switching to Switching to the thickness
Selecting the The type of with front, rear, and that mounted and top. This chapter the of and includes the feeding to the release First to the release the type of and feeding to The release four with indicating the type of and each
Loading sheets from the top You of from to to inches) You sheets from the top or front of the the release to the single-sheet the and the Single-sheet position-for (including and postcards), whether from top, the optional cut-sheet or the and front position-for when the the front. Rear and position-for when the tractor the rear. tractor position-for when the the top. this from the front, rear, or
Turn the the to the arrow the Then the right to match the of the and the
the the seconds, the the to the You ready to the cover The when the cover the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form If the the the completely the and it firmly. To the the
Loading sheets from the front the release to the single-sheet and the front cover. the the Turn the the as shown below. the arrow the information the
While the and right with the the seconds, the the to the You ready to the cover The when the cover the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form If the the the completely the and it firmly. To the the
Continuous The allows to through the front, rear, or You from to to inches) To to the tractor the front or the release correctly. The tractor Selecting the and The below the to the release to the indicated the feed release Tractor and front Rear tractor and tractor
the front supply with the the the smoothly the If through the that enough to from the without obstruction. You the tractor as front tractor or tractor; the tractor to feeding The tractor the the front to from its (top) the tractors while it off the the turned off.
the front and the both and straight of the the the mounting as shown below. You ready to with the front tractor. that bound only the tractor. This type of from the front tractor. To the its and of the
the the tractor the top to from its (front) the tractors while off the the turned off. the cover and and off the both of the clear the front of the and off the the thickness to that wasnt tractor installation. the thickness this chapter the Warning: the head while the turned this the Also, the the head cool touching
the the mounting as shown below. Loading the front the turned off. the front as shown below. the tractor the front mounting and the release to the front To the tractor its back, and off the
Release the the backward. the as shown below. the arrow the information the the Then the right to match the width of
clean, straight Then the covers and the of the the the covers. the right to the then the front the and right to the of the
Loading the Turn the the the the cover The when the cover You the to the the the the as shown below. the the the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the tap-of-form the turned off. the cover and
the release to the tractor Release the the
the to the of the the the as shown below. the the information the Then the right to match the of clean, straight Then the covers and the of the the tractor the covers.
the right to the then the cover and the and right to the of the Turn the the the the the as shown below. the the the cover The when the cover You the to the the the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form
Loading the tractor the turned off. the cover and the the tractor and the release to the Release the the
the to the of the the the of the tractor as the the information the Then the right to match the of clean, straight the covers and from the top, rear, or Then the of the the the covers. the right to the then
the cover and the the as shown below. the the the and right to the of the Turn the the the the cover The when the cover You the to the the the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form
Loading the To the and tractors first purchase the optional tractor. Chapter information The To the tractor, follow these the the tractor and the release to the front or the front or tractor as the previous the release to the and the chapter) to the the release back to the the and cover. the LF/FF to the to the the to the tractors as the section.
from the the and right to the of the the and the the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of--form the cover The when the cover the the as shown below. the the To the Tear to the perforation to the tear-off of the cover. If the perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off Chapter Tear off the Press the to feed the of the and the
Switching Continuous and the the front or easily switch and single-sheet without the Switching to sheets To switch from to sheets, follow these If sheets the the Tear to the to the tear-off Tear off the Press the The the to the The attached to the tractor the path. the release to the single-sheet the to match the of tear off the feeding tear off back-feeding through the back-feeding too back-feed easily off their and the
Switching to You as earlier this chapter. To switch from back to follow these If the path, the to the release to the or tractor The the to the when to sheets and of other types, such as postcards, and of to the thickness or that software the within the the thickness to when to ordinary
the thickness the thickness to match the thickness of to the below. type Thin Ordinary sheets or sheets sheets sheets operating (5C or the to operating high (35C or the higher to quality. or to
both single-sheet and You single-sheet both the front and top You from the front, rear, and You of to including the the thickness to the You the as or with should the the and from the front or tractor. from the front, the optional tractor the or Loading earlier this chapter. to the as Chapter the within the of the information the the operating single-sheet that bound the top the top path. (If to that the top or the front path.) that free of and waves.
selecting choose the type mounted with with tractor. to as the properly. from the front or rear) with the tractor the You them the that the thickness to earlier this chapter feed with the or Tear buttons. easily off the and the to and humidity, them only operating the they around the and when To from the first tear off the the Then the LF/FF to the of the
You from the top following the below: the thickness to to to match the thickness of the feed the the operating the of the head. the within the of the the You from the front and top operating the Card the Tear the Tear light and Chapter information. the of the than inches), the top the operating from the top Chapter information.
Chapter the Lights Other the Selecting instruction sheet Selecting items and item Tear-Off tear-off the Tear the
This chapter covers basic of including the lights and buttons, the and other The lights the the of the and the buttons Lights (red) On when the of or On when the ready to or or the cover The light off, the to The light flashes when the function or the head too the
Tear lights, The Tear selection displayed lights: Tear off Card On, Both lights off when the tear-off You Card Font lights, The selection lights the Pitch (three lights, The pitch selection three pitch lights: PS On, of the lights when the
Press this to the or off. Press this to temporarily and to least seconds when the the the function. Pressing this function. this chapter Press this to single-sheet or to the the normally automatically. If single-sheet already the this to the If the or tear-off this to to the LF/FF feed/form feed) Press this to the the to of or to the top of the You this to sheet of from the cut-sheet or to from the to the Tear Pressing this to the tear-off and the to the top-of-feed used, selects the cut-sheet feed the Card selected) to postcards. the
Font Press this to of the following Pitch Press this to of the following pitches: or (PS). The the as only; slightly. the
Other The to to other To the below, the while pressing of buttons, as follows: LF/FF Chapter Pitch and LF/FF the Activates the the this chapter. Prints the input as and characters. and Chapter the this chapter.
the Selecting instruction The of the While of these through software or to from the through the To the Pitch while turning the The instruction Follow the instructions this and this section, to the Follow these to the which to the of the instructions: Press the Pitch the Pitch lights the to select. Press the Tear to selection. Press the Font to the instruction. the
Selecting items and Follow the below to items and their The items and the instruction and the the Press the Pitch the Pitch lights the item to Press the Tear the to that item indicated the Tear and lights. and items to the Tear the the selected. the off the The following the items and their item the following section. Item Character International character front tractor the Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO other Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC ISO 1T. ISO MAZOWIA, MJK, PC774, ISO PC LAT. U.S.A. Germany, U.K., Italy, inches
item functions Character International character Item inches On High Software Interface interface On, tear off CR On, This section each of the item character as as other countries. the character You characters the character to these characters often other they countries and to as international character the character ESC/P, IBM I/F, Option I/F On. off On, On, the
front and tractor through the front or tractor, the to of the following: or inches. High high the to (characters second) If to You or bidirectional normally bidirectional; however, allows Software ESC/P, the operates the EPSON ESC/P IBM, the IBM Interface The interfaces: and (optional). You choose optional, or the interface The which interface and switches to that interface the of the (when received from the selected interface the amount of specified). You specify seconds or seconds. the
The input from The input to 64KB of other while the the off, the the the to each character the perforation This when selected. this the one-inch the and the first the their own top and should this them. tear-off with the front or tractor, this the perforation to the tear-off where then easily tear off the the the to the top-of-form and of the tear-off (off), the tear-off function manually the Tear Tear this chapter information. feed feed the each (CR) received with feed (LF) the
the each (LF) or ESC (n/216-inch feed) (CR) and the the to the this off, the CR the to the to the This IBM only. The character () when this when the off. This allows to easily distinguish O character and The when Troubleshooting information. this as single-sheet the release to the single-sheet This that the ejected and advanced to the with the LF/FF the
The allows to or You this to the and tear-off This section to the section information the tear-off The the of the the If appears too high or the the with the as follows: the turned If necessary, the cover the or single-sheet the the three seconds. The light flashing. the
Press the to the the or the LF/FF to the the the the perforation and the as shown. This The and If to the these the and the the reaches the factory-set the and the factory as reference when the
Tear-Off Press the or to the to the both and the this off and back finished the tear-off to the tractor to the tear-off of the You then easily tear off sheets. the back to the that normally You the tear-off the to tear-off or the Tear the If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the as the section. the tear-off to they off their and the when the tractor; the off the tractor and the the
tear-off the tear-off the to the tear-off when The to the tear-off only when the of or and three seconds. Select tear-off the as earlier this chapter. the selected correctly the off the to from the and then the front or tractor (as Chapter the the perforation of the to the tear-off Tear off the the back to the and If the perforation the tear-off the tear-off the as the previous section. You tear-off when using sheets because the when the release to the single-sheet Dont the tear-of when using the tractor. tear-off to off the or touching the Tear when the tractor. the
the Tear Tear off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the earlier this chapter. the the back to the and (You manually the back to the the Tear using bidirectional that the properly To this the as follows: the while the The instructions printed, with the first of Follow the instructions the completing off the Whether or the tear-off the Tear to to the tear-off following the below: finished. Then the Tear the lights the flashing. The the to the tear-off the the
and includes the following EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, and POSTNET. the information about the command. the
Chapter Cut-Sheet the high cut-sheet Loading with the high cut-sheet Assembling the cut-sheet Switching and the cut-sheet Selecting single-sheets, postcards, or Tractor Loading with the tractor and the optional Interface Cards interface The C82305* or C82306* interface
This chapter to optional with including cut-sheet tractor, and interface cards. Cut-Sheet cut-sheet with High C80674* C80673* The the which country, EPSON the country. connecting both cut-sheet them as cut-sheet This allows to of Assembling the cut-sheet this chapter. cut-sheet following the instructions the that with The cut-sheet only with the high cut-sheet the high capacity cut-sheet the off. the and the cover.
If the tractor the If the optional the the and optional them the cut-sheetfeeder. the head to the the cut-sheet both and back the each the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the Release the and the cut-sheet it the the the as shown the cover. You ready to with cut-sheet To the cut-sheet the
with the high cut-sheet the high cut-sheet as follows: Turn off the the the it with the arrow the back of the Next, the right to match the of the the the the the and to allow
the cut-sheet the top or the front The cut-sheet when to the (as as the light You the of to then the and of the to the cut-sheet the the the of the right that matches the of the allows the to and freely. back the to the the the and or the selection as shown below.
Assembling the cut-sheet You the high cut-sheet to the cut-sheet to cut-sheet the cut-sheet option information. You the without the high the assembled cut-sheet the the high cut-sheet the section. Select the the Tear The light of the currently selected Switching and the cut-sheet You easily switch and cut-sheet operation without the Switching to If sheets the path, the to them. the release to the tractor the selection to the of the the and the back of the as You to specify the software
Switching to the cut-sheet Selecting single-sheets, postcards, or If the the Tear to the to the tear-off Tear off the Press the The the to the The attached to the the path. the release to the single-sheet the cut-sheet selection to the single-sheet You single-sheet postcards, or the the first the to the the to the
Tractor The optional (C80032*) (The the of the which country.) The with the optional tractor with the front instructions. You the tractor. from the front with the tractor top, the optional the Loading with the and the optional tractor the turned off and the the the and off the the optional tractor the as the that the release the tractor the the as Chapter Press the LF/FF to the to the The optional the tractor
the to the tractors the release to the and Chapter to the the release back to the tractor the and cover. the and the than the the and feed the back of the as the the right of the to clear when the off. the or it to the top-of-form The optional allows to with 8.5-inch that with the of to the Chapter To the follow the below. This option countries. Turn off the and the release the single-sheet
the beneath the as shown below. the the the positioning the of the the leading of the straight across. the through the of the the and the that from the of the to the when the the
Bring the leading of the the and the the as shown below. the and the cover. Turn the The automatically.
Interface Cards You optional interface to built-in interface. The EPSON interface below with interfaces countries.) The the which country. If whether optional interface or would to know about interfaces, interface Follow the below to optional interface the turned off. the and the interface
the screws from the shield the back of the and the the interface the both of the interface to the the back of the interface the internal Then the screws and them. To the interface the
The C82305* or C823306* interface To the C82305* or C82306* interface the sections below to the and other such as and the C82305* or C82306* interface Selecting You from the following and second). To the the selection the C82305* or C82306* interface the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) to that the increases to bytes, the X-ON or the DTR to (SPACE) to that ready to
Chapter and Transportation Cleaning the the Ribbon Transporting the and Transportation
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly Follow these the off. Then as as the and tractor the optional and cut-sheet to and from the If the outer or with cloth with the cover and the to from the and Transportation Warning: to the or or thinners to the these chemicals the and the or the of the with the
the Ribbon becomes to the the EPSON below EPSON ribbons to properly with EPSON their high operation and the head and other other Ribbon Ribbon S015085 FX-2170 S010032 To the follow the the Ribbon Cartridge Chapter The four which and Transportation
Transporting the If to using the and as below: and Transportation Turn off the the from the then the interface from the the the optional tractor, cut-sheet or the the the protective locking to the and then the the tractor the tractor the and the and them the
Troubleshooting The The or charactersor graphics Printed characters what The what sheets feed properly properly The properly with the cut-sheet properly when the with the Troubleshooting
You the of the the Chapter If the properly, the the software, or interface If the or service If or to isolate the and To off the Next, the LF/FF and buttons while the Then from The the This section related to the supply. The lights the that the properly the If the switch or another such as the outlet to whether the operating properly. Troubleshooting
The lights and then off. The lights off when the turned The The light off nothing printed. The and lights flashing and the three The sounds nothing printed. that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to this section that the software properly the softwares both of the interface the both the and specifications. The of the The properly. Follow the Chapter to correctly. The the Troubleshooting
The and then abruptly Turn off the and the head cool. Then, or other to If the correctly, The occurred. Turn off the and turn If the three to the or the cover If the and the release the If the once, operation. the functions Chapter If the correctly, off and or service The or Printed characters the The properly. instructions. The The the as Chapter Troubleshooting
characters or graphics of the Printed characters what The or characters with software The selected the software Select the software The thickness properly. the thickness Chapter The head and to the head replaced. Either there too the or the the as Chapter that the software correctly instructions, Software Chapter Troubleshooting
The what too high or too the or the of the top of the You the the LF/FF the Chapter the the first of correctly then too the or the from the of the as follows: normally what choose the the right to choose. include option to the If and 11-inch the to the ActionPrinter T-1000, which If the top or increasing the or both, the Troubleshooting To the right that top and to and then of from to the the first This
match the of the the sheets properly feed. You the the inches. whether sheets or choose sheets. the software and necessary. If the using the the Chapter to the the this section with the the the release to the and Troubleshooting
feeding crooked or the Turn off the and the straight the the right type of the specifications the that the cover closed. completely. the LF/FF to the the closed. The too that within the specified the specifications the Continuous properly The the that the release pulled to the If the to the The off the tractor. the to the tractor. Troubleshooting
feeding crooked or the The properly. switch sheets and the and the light the the upright The of supply from feeding straight. the obstructed. supply within of the the cover closed. that the the of the with each other. Also, the and their covers closed. that the and thickness within the specified the specifications the Tear off the the then the LF/FF or to the Tear-Off Chapter You to the release while the the release to the and the Then the Troubleshooting
this section with optional The properly with the cut-sheet The feed. The cut-sheet incorrectly installed. as Chapter You too sheets the cut-sheet the than sheets. the head. and the the of the correct. the the diamond-shaped There the or feed You too sheets the cut-sheet the than sheets. You to the of the the and Troubleshooting
The crooked. The or creased. only of There too the the correctly and the and quality. the specifications. One of that the and software correct. the Chapter The type when switching the cut-sheet and the tractor. The release the the to or the back to sheets. Troubleshooting
Continuous properly when the tractor with the tractor crooked or the The tractor and correctly. both tractors, that the both evenly. The too the of the to the of the rotating the of the tractor. Troubleshooting
Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-2 Specifications A-2 A-4 A-7 Printable A-8 A-9 Mechanical A-10 A-11 A-11 CE A-12 Interface A-12 Commands A-17 A-17 A-17 the summary A-18 Commands Topic Generaloperation. A-18 feeding A-18 A-19 motion A-19 Font selection A-20 A-21 Font Character A-22 Spacing A-24 A-24 A-25 Character A-28 International Character A-28 Graphics Character A-28 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
Specifications Characters Characters/second/line inch High Near The thickness or overheated head the A-2 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
character characters Character Character Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-3 Bidirectional and graphics inch or of inch msec feed inches/sec. feed) OK or 64K other character international character
sheets (CSF): sheets A-4 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character Width: Length: Thickness: Width: Length: Thickness: operating inches) inches) Thickness: to to inch) to operating both front and to to inches) to to inches) Rear: to to inches) to to inch) to to both front and to to inches) to to inches) Rear: to to inches) to to inch) to to the top or both of only with front entry) to
Postcards*: both front and Width: to to inches) inches) Length: Rear: to to inches) Thickness: inches) operating Continuous and front, rear, and Width: Length: Thickness: of Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-5 to to inches) to to inches) to to inch) to to to the top or both of of only) to
Continuous with A-6 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character thickness: thickness: Width: Thickness: front and inches) to to to to inches) to to inch) to to inch) inches) to to inch) to to
the arrow The to the of the arrow Rear the The to the of the A-7 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
and postcards: A-8 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character The top The The right sheets, the inches). C The The top and and below the perforation The and right inch). The inches).
Mechanical The top The The right The inches). Friction feed (front and rear) Paper-feed (front and rear) (with optional C80032*, front, rear) (front, rear, Cut-sheet (option C80673*, C80674*]) characters Ribbon life: /character) amount: head life: characters/head A-9 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character (W) (D) (H)
120V 230V A-10 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character Rated Rated Rated Insulation strength: the character type. Rated Rated Rated AC AC to to to A* AC and chassis, DC V) AC or AC AC and chassis) AC to AC to to to A*
Insulation AC and chassis, DC V) strength: AC AC and chassis) the character type. to 35C to 25C (operating to 60C to RH (operating Humidity: to RH to RH to shock: G, within (operating, G, within to G, (operating) G, UL1950 with D3 CSA C22.2 with D3 EMI: FCC CSA C108.8 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-11 without when postcards. or
Acoustic CE Interface The bidirectional, interface and optional interface as A-12 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character EN (TV, SEMKO, DEMKO, NEMKO, FIMKO) EMI: EN (CISPR (A) (IS0 Directive 73/23/EEC: EMC Directive 89/336/EEC: Non-Automa tic Directive 90/384/EEC: EN45501 EN60950 EN55022 EN50082-1 IEC801-2 IEC801-3 IEC801-4
interface IEEE-P1284 (Amphenol) or synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL (IEEE-P1284 The following the assignments and their respective interface Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-13
*In/Out shows the of flow as from the interface A-14 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character IEEE-P1284 (Amphenol) or synchronization: to the IEEE-P1284 to the IEEE-P1284 IEEE-P1284 to the IEEE/P1284
The to the the affirmative when the 00H or 04H, which 00H: of 04H: ID of The following the assignments and their interface Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-15
o INIT 1284-Active +5V Chassis GND NC Not connected. In/Out shows the of as from the A-16 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character GND In/Out LOW to that to Then high to acknowledge of that high to to phase. LOW to the This LOW when the HIGH This pulled to +5V through This pulled to +5V through Chassis GND. GND.
Commands commands the summary actions software. Software commands the to typeface, the amount each the and The commands this summary. software these commands yourself. commands the software software the while others type ASCII characters. commands software specifies to the command. The software should the and punctuation. The following section and the commands topic. If command listed. If they explained. The indicated lowercase usually The below the indicated. ESC with ESC command that to the and to ESC with ESC with of further information about commands, the ESC/P Reference published EPSON. Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-17
Commands Topic ASCII ESC ESC EM feeding ASCII Hex. CR 0D FF 0C LF 0A ESC Select /8-inch Spacing ESC Select 1/6-inch Spacing ESC n/216-inch Spacing 2B n/360-inch Spacing ESC ESC n/72-inch Spacing A-18 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character Hex. Turn Unidirectional On/Off Loading/Ejecting Select of CSF Select of CSF R
motion ASCII Hex. ESC 6C Margin ESC Right Margin right of ESC ESC C 4E Margin ESC Continuous of ESC 4F Margin Continuous ASCII Hex. ESC ESC\ 5C Relative ESC to terminated HT ESC to should ESC 4A n/216-inch Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-19 of inches inch fixed) inch fixed)
Font selection ASCII Hex. ESC 6B ESC ESC 4D ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC A-20 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character Select Typeface Select Select Select Turn On/Off Select NLQ or 1:NLQ Select Font Font Select Font Font Select To the of together the of the to from the below: double-width cond.
Font ASCII OF Select SI DC2 Select Double-Width OE o ESC Turn Double-Width On/Off DC4 Cancel-Width (One 2D Double-Width Turn Double-Width On/Off ESC Double-Width ESC 2D Turn On/Off ESC Turn Double-Height On/Off ESC ESC ESC Select Select Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-21
Character ASCII 3A ESC: ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC A-22 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character Copy ROM to RAM Typeface Select International Char. USA Norway II UK II L. Character Select Normal Select Character Select character assigned ESC or downloaded characters from O-127 to of With graphics character this the of ESC
Hex. ESC Assign Character Table A-23 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character ESC Assign Character Table and to or Character Table PC437 PC PC PC850 PC PC PC PC PC PC PC863 PC PC PC LAT* PC BRASCII ISO ISO 1T* ISO ISO MAZOWIA* MJK* areas. 1A 7F 1F 7F 1D 1B 1C
Spacing ASCII ESC SP Hex. Select Graphics ESC 4B Graphics ESC 4C ESC Select High-Speed Graphics Select Graphics ESC ESC* Select Graphics Select Graphics ESC A-24 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character Hex. Intercharacter of of to the characters Units inch and inch (NLQ and
ASCII ESC (B Hex. Select Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-25 ESC (B EAN EAN Interleaved of UPC-A UPC-E POSTNET s: inch (l/72-inch) The and when POSTNET selected. The of POSTNET inch; the inch.
Hex. ASCII to the The of each type The the following characters of of 0C EAN-13 0D EAN-8 Interleaved of to FF to FF UPC-A 0C 0B 0C or 0B or UPC-E to FF to FF to FF to FF POSTNET or 0A or 0C or or 0B of characters of characters A-26 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character characters (HEX) characters (HEX) the the character (HRC) The HRC the The HRC the of character EAN-13 and UPC-A only)
The of each type below. If included the the printed. EAN13 EAN-8 UPC-A UPC-E Interleaved of POSTNET The following unidirectionally. when with neither printed. when of the the right and text and text the The of A, B, or C) as the firstdata of and and respectively). C and Interleaved of selected, The inch the A-27 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character C-9 C-9 41-5A), 2B, 2D, 2E. 2F) A, B. C
Character International Character Graphics Character PC (United States) A-28
PC850 PC PC A-29
PC861 BRASCII CODE CODE C A-30 C IS0
PC PC A-31
PC855 PC PC PC864 A-32
PC PC A-33
MJK MAZOWIA A-34
IS0 PC PC866LAT A-35