This English and Spanish. The English section this The Spanish section approximately the of the
rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information contained with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON EPSON and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, CPD-15991R3
Introduction This covers the following information to the the Troubleshooting Product Information Although the this the FX-890, the instructions apply to both the FX-890 and the FX-2190. to injury. to to Notes information and about using information about to the Reference It the optional products, software, troubleshooting, and technical specifications. and the Reference software, the which when the software. You FX-890 or FX-2190 the or turning the instructions, Introduction
options, such as cut-sheet or further Optional to built-in interfaces. the Reference information.) You purchase and from EPSON or the EPSON SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Introduction
Chapter the This chapter to and the the following items. Follow the the Notice Sheet to the protective the and protective to the the Choosing the the The properly or or the to and humidity. from sunlight, light, heat or or the outlet where easily the cord. the and interface they with feeding. French-speaking users: fiche Ribbon software the
outlets switches or timers. information the memory of or outlets the as or other that fluctuations. grounded Assembling the the off and Then the cover and to the pressing the each and hand to the head to the of the Warning: If the the head cool touching the
the from the The top of the with To release the of the and the from the however.) the its and the as shown below; then both of the to the the You should hear the the head clicks to or crease the ribbon. Turn the ribbon-tightening to the Ribbon the
the lowering the mounting Then both clicks To the cover, the front the the and the cover Then it clicks. the top of the cover as shown. Then the these You the when the tractor the front or and the EPSON the closed while Although with the cover the
Connecting the to with both interface and USB interface. It includes optional interface type of interface. the Reference to interface You to both interfaces; the switches to the interface when To to built-in interface, shielded, twisted-pair with the To the to USB shielded USB both the and turned off, then the or USB to the the other to There of the and to the with another If the the back of the the country, USB the
the the AC the back of the and the other properly grounded the Software the to to the EPSON software the CD-ROM shipped with The the software that or With such as and The software includes EPSON XP, or NT which displays information and of the Reference information. the software NT, XP, or If information. If the New or other appears when turn If the Not appears, If the The software CD-ROM includes the EPSON Remote which the the XP, or and the turned off. the
the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The Installation appears: If it the CD-ROM. Select Software and Select from the then follow the instructions the the to the Reference and the EPSON Utility. or NT and the turned off. the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The shown appears. If the CD-ROM. Select Software and Select then OK and follow the instructions the If prompted to CD-ROM, and OK the appears, the screen to with the installation. If PC with the CD-ROM to the If that the and the
Click and the the Then OK and follow the on-screen instructions. If NT, CD when prompted. Select the the and OK prompted, the software CD-ROM and to the path. If that the and If appears, The of the the of If NT, to path. If the If follow the instructions the the to the Reference and the EPSON Remote Utility. DOS To the from DOS to the or another from the Choose the EPSON the the or If the include choose the first from the following FX-890: FX-980 FX-880+ FX-880 FX-870 FX-850 FX-800 FX-85 FX-80+ FX-80 the FX-2190: FX-2180 FX-2170 FX-1180+ FX-1180 FX-1170 FX-1050 FX-1000 FX-105 FX-100+ FX-100
and the Reference You the Reference and from or directly from the software CD-ROM. To the Reference Reference from the and follow the on-screen instructions. the the FX890 appears the EPSON To the Reference to (or and EPSON Then, FX890 If to the follow these to from the CD-ROM: the software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD The appears. If the Click the CD-ROM then SETUP.EXE Select To the Reference Reference the Remote The EPSON Remote easy to Follow these to or NT: EPSON from the You this the
Click the Click Next and follow the instructions the the (If the the the The Remote the its own group, with option and the the instructions the To the Remote and then Remote To the Remote and then If and the to the Remote this of the following: the the to the LPT2 Then Remote to or the as the to the to LPT1. the to the USB instead. the
This chapter covers instructions to and information, the Reference the Release to the release to the to as the below. Single-sheet single-sheet from the top or front Rear tractor with the the or when the and tractors with the tractor the front or when using the front and tractors tractor from the tractor top of the the You the front, rear, or
the Paper-Thickness the paper-thickness the type of Turn the off and the cover. The paper-thickness located the of the The to the the thickness Select the to this type Ordinary or sheets) Thin Carbonless with: Continuous with or when using the tractor the or front the 41F (5C) or lower, or 95F (35C) or higher, the paper-thickness to quality. the 41F (5C) or lower, or 95F (35C) or higher, with used.
Loading with the Tractor the turned off. Then the front and the the the front (You to from the or the release to the front tractor the paper-thickness to the thickness. the Paper-Thickness instructions. Release the and right the backward. the approximately inch from the and the to it Then the right to match the of
the front cover straight clean, straight Then both covers and the first four of the with the the covers. the right to the then the the front cover with the as shown. the the and the to the of the Turn the the the and
If the first appears too high or its the function as the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form Loading Continuous with the Rear Tractor the turned off, the the and the (You to the from the front or the release to the Release the and right the the approximately inch from the and the back to Then the right to match the of The top of the the furthest to the where
clean, straight Then both covers and the first four of the with the the the covers. Then the right to the and the the and the the to the of the Turn the the the and If the first appears too high or its with the function. the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form Loading Continuous with the Tractor the turned off, and the the tractor the and the the (You to the from the or front the release to the
Release the the the inch from the and the back to Then the right to match the of the to the clean, straight Then the covers. the off the the If the while the Edge
the the front or as shown below the and the Then the the perforation the first and with the top of the ribbon. the front the front cover. Then with the facing the with the facing four of the the both Then the covers. the right to the then
the front cover. Turn the the the LF/FF from the otherwise the the without the If necessary, the of the the function the to the top-of-form turning the when the or to the top-of-form the cover the front the then lowering the cover the cover. to the The from the top-of-form the and tear off the the perforation the
from the tear off the supply the perforation the To feed and the LF/FF the or Tear when the tractor; the off the tractor and the Loading with the You ordinary and from the top of the the The to inches the FX-890 and inches the FX-2190. To single-sheet the front with the optional front or front information, the Reference or the
the the upright Then the paper-thickness to ordinary single-sheet (If to the the release to the single-sheet Turn the necessary. the to the the Next the right to match the of of with the the The the and ready to If the first appears too high or the function to the top-of-form information.
Loading Follow the this section when single-sheet and postcards. Single-sheet To single-sheet the front with the optional front or front Thick such as with or straight to information, the Reference the type of that mounted sheets with with to with the properly. Thick such as with straight or straight path. You the front (to the tractor) or tractor) The with the as that ordinary the paper-thickness to It to with the tractor. the or front tractor. the or Tear backward, easily off the and to and humidity, them operating to 77F to 25C) to RH the they around the and when
with from the the curved, off their sheets the and that or with To from off the and the follow these to with from the Tear off the fresh supply of the perforation the the LF/FF to the from the feed using the or Tear backward, easily off the and You the or the optional high-capacity cut-sheet of the cut-sheet the paper-thickness to thin or thick To follow the instructions Loading with the To the Reference to the and the top of the the first.
The head the or right of the or other thick within the of Specifications the Reference information the of If using the with the arrow the You feed the or using the optional high-capacity cut-sheet of the cut-sheet The the front or postcards, the paper-thickness to and the release to the single-sheet To follow the instructions Loading with the To cards, the Reference first, them the top the the Tear the Tear light A6 cards, them first.
the Function The function allows to the or 1/216-inch to the tear-off and top-of-form the tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the function to the perforation to the tear-off as below. tear-off off the the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off You to the Tear to the to the tear-off the Tear light flashing (the the tear-off the button about three seconds. The light flashing and the the
the cover, then the LF/FF to backward, or the to feed the perforation with the tear-off of the cover. The and tear-off If try to the tear-off these the and the Tear off the Press the to off the the back to the top-of-form and the top-of-form The top-of-form the the where the If appears too high or the the function to the top-of-form as below. top-of-form off the the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form Tear-off of the cover perforation
the turned (If the tractor the to to the top-of-form If necessary, the cover the the three seconds. The light flashes and the the Press the LF/FF to the top-of-form the or the to the top-of-form the Press the to the The and top-of-form If try to these the and the the reaches the top-of-form the and the You this as reference when the The top software the top-of-form with the function.
Chapter the This chapter the buttons and lights the Selecting and pitch the the and Lights Button/Light Function Font (Item Selects of the Selecting Font and Pitch Font lights Indicate which selected. (Font and both the Font and Pitch Pitch) buttons the clears the and its Pitch (Item Selects of the pitch Selecting Font and Pitch Pitch lights Indicate which pitch selected. Item selects the Item selects the previous the
Tear to the tear-off Tear Both when the tear-off lights the Pitch (Item and Tear buttons buttons the the or the of the three seconds, the the this the LF/FF and buttons to the top-of-form or tear-off the Function LF/FF when light On when the temporarily, and when light On when the selected or correctly. the from the tear-off to the top-of-form Selects cut-sheet when as the to Both off when the tear-off or when of the optional cut-sheet selected. Both when the light when Card selected. Right light when of the optional cut-sheet selected. Ejects of Loads from the to the loaded. Ejects or to the top-of-form when Flashes when the the three seconds, Flashes when ejected or
Selecting Font and Pitch Usually, to the and pitch to of the pitches) with the the as below. (The from the The pitches the select: Font Pitch USD HSD PS PS PS that the Then the Font the three Font lights the USD HSD =On, Press the Pitch the three Pitch lights the pitch. PS =On, the
the While often the through software or to or of the There to this: the EPSON the software CD-ROM. From the the instructions the the PDF the CD-ROM. To the below. information about the Reference The following shows the options each inches: front inches: On perforation On tear-off On ESC/P IBM PPDS Software USB, Option I/F (interface) seconds seconds I/F On I/F bidirectional Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC Character BRASCII, ISO PC ISO U.S.A. Germany, U.K., International character Italy, second, seconds seconds, seconds On the
CR IBM On PPDS IBM character Follow the below to the If sheets, to of each the the and loaded. Then the buttons (Item and the and both the Tear lights The and showing which currently selected the instructions. The selected If the Item the shows the Press the to the The to the To of the the The the and then the first to To through the the Item or Item The the first and its Press the to through the options the selected the Press the Item or Item to the or to other to change. finish, the to become the the
the You FX-890 or FX-2190 the or the and the following selected the The (shown with factory Software IBM PPDS EPSON ESC/P, ML 320T second, seconds, Others tear off Others inch) LPI LPI On The FX-890 and FX-2190 the USB interface If to the that with If to with If using to its reference the FX-890/FX-2190. To this the SHIFT SEL to and then PRINT To FX-890/FX-2190, the off. Then the Tear and buttons while the The once to It the To to FX-890/FX-2190 the Tear and buttons while the The and operating FX-890 switch from to the other, to the the to their You the the to the and them necessary. the
Chapter Troubleshooting This chapter the and to clear and troubleshooting information, Reference If the the information the To the the following to Light the selected The release to the of ejected. the or the light off. Then the the light off and the The correctly. and correctly. or the Reference the release to the the to If from another currently the path, the to the then the release to the Press the to the Continuous to the Tear off the the perforation; then to feed the to the the To clear the Troubleshooting
Light The head overheated. Tear Font light Pitch light On, Flashing Three Clearing Turn off the and the cover. If the tear off the fresh supply the perforation the Turn the the of the from to the the and of If the where the gently the of the the the of the to clear when the off. the or the top-of-form or tear-off the cover and the the light flashing and the light off. Troubleshooting the once the head The head Turn off the and clear obstruction the head. Turn the back If the head EPSON service. or occurred. Turn off the and off then the
the whether the or the causing the If the satisfactory, the properly and the from or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the the Reference and to the You the using or of least the following type FX-890 FX-2190 Continuous (including inches inches perforated A4 or A3 and the turned off. To the the the while holding the LF/FF button. To the using the the while the Either the of however, the than the near seconds, the the and the of characters printed. To temporarily the the To the the To the the to If the the to the Then off the off the while the the to and the to the off the Troubleshooting
Where To If EPSON operating properly and the the troubleshooting information, the information below. EPSON technical hours through the services and services below. Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated of services hours Telephone Services To these services, tone telephone and of the following SoundAdvice SM to SoundAdvice: the FX-890) or the FX-2190). To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON FX-890 or FX-2190) Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the You purchase and from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Troubleshooting
Chapter Product Information Instructions This the head and other to that they those the used. them cool touching them. Instructions of these instructions the follow and instructions the the or or heat the It properly or or cover the and the and through the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the of the the the cleaning and clean with of cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. Product Information
the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. ENERGY STAR FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician Product Information ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The International ENERGY STAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused
WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the users This Class of the Interface Causing Regulations. toutes EPSON AMERICA, INC., LIMITED WARRANTY What Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the first of the EPSON with this warranty that the purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and from workmanship and of three years from the of purchase. EPSON warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON What EPSON To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON SM or warranty instructions and authorization, required. EPSON its option, or the without or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes EPSON property. The or or previously repaired to the EPSON of quality. or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. warranty service, of the of purchase. Product Information
What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and This warranty and apply to products purchased from This warranty cover to the caused and manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover or third or peripheral to the EPSON its from EPSON, boards or chips. EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. and incurred EPSON warranty service responsibility. If claimed or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC., NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to Product Information America, Inc., P. O. CA