Sign-off: rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, A5 Gentian-W
A5 Gentian-W FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference- Causing Regulations. toutes Declaration of Conformity According to ISO/IEC and EN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, EPSON EUROPE B.V. Address: Prof. J. H. AT The Declares that the Product: Product FX-880/1180 P980A/P981A Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): Directive 73/23/EEC: EN Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC January, Y. of EPSON EUROPE B.V.
DR, A5 cover-2 Gentian-W cover front cover optional interface cover AC release thickness G-PARTSA G-PARTSB
DR, A5 cover-1 Gentian-W and Lights Font lights Indicate which selected. To Chapter LF/FF Ejects or to the top-of-form when Tear to the tear-off from the tear-off to the top-of-form Selects cut-sheet when the cut-sheet Tear light Flashes when the tear-off On when of the optional cut-sheet selected. when of the optional cut-sheet selected. the the and buttons to the top-of-form or tear-off of Ejects of loaded. from the to the light On when the selected or correctly. Flashes when ejected or occurred. Turns the and off. The off when the top of this with the protectors. temporarily, and when three seconds, the the light On when the Flashes when the the
Gentian-W Sign-off: to EPSON high-quality and performance of to The to of (including with to sheets, and High-speed of to characters characters inch. with software, the EPSON Microsoft that the of and easily, and other software. options to A5 Introduction to
A5 Introduction Gentian-W This section highlights easy-to-use features that helpful. the tear-off to If the tractor the front or the tear-off to to the tear-off when Then easily tear off the sheets and the normally information, Chapter the release to the without from the tractors. the release easily switch to without the the You switch to single-sheet this whenever the the front or the and the information, Chapter to
the to the top-of-form and tear-off The allows to the or 1/216-inch that to the top-of-form and tear-off information, Chapter Paths of sheets and below, the from the top, front, or rear. You the that You choose from three (front rear and and three (front, rear, and This section which and tractor Chapter tractor and instructions. A5 Introduction Gentian-W to release
A5 Introduction Gentian-W the tractor If often to tear off sheets of purchase or to the tractor the front or This allows to the tear-off to easily tear off of the perforation. Also, when tractor, of from the without the from the tractor. There tractor front and rear. The the when the shipped. the below about the and the Tractor front to from the front If thick such as the front this straight. This reduces the of from the with from the straight path; otherwise the off their sheets the and The recommended when or or the might
the tractor If often thick or heavy such as or with the the The tractor with the and allows to from the front, rear, or of the the tear-off when the tractor the If to the tractor the the tractor from the and the or purchase the optional tractor (C80020 FX-880, C80021 FX-1180) and the If tractor with the optional the This the performance of and recommended tractors combination information. You the front, or with the tractor. front A5 Introduction Gentian-W If thick such as or with the front this nearly straight. This reduces the of The the straightest path, the to when thick such as or with from the to with enough the to feed through without obstruction. to
A5 Introduction Gentian-W shown below, ordinary sheets single-sheet and from the top of the the that with the You single-sheet using optional cut-sheet front sheet or front information sheets, Chapter information options, A. to If the front or ordinary from the Please that from the path, which performance, the front or whenever with the The off the the and
with everything to and of such as cut-sheet tractor, or further Optional interface to built-in interface. information options A, Enhancing With Ribbon Cartridges the following EPSON FX-880: FX-1180: becomes to the EPSON and to properly with EPSON They and of the head and other To follow the instructions or the Ribbon Cartridge A5 Introduction Gentian-W to
A5 Introduction Gentian-W Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the or near or heat the The properly or or cover the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the of the outlet the the cleaning, and clean with cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. to
the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the or the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. with this Turn off the and cool with this If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building installation protected users: Head A5 Introduction Gentian-W The the head that this the head the used. the head cool touching to
A5 Introduction Gentian-W NERGY TAR The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to rating and that the to the supply The the to this with the following and Earth to NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency.
If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the N. The to the the with the L. If to the the or only with of the and To This information and The Reference that with the basic information to the Although this includes only of the FX-880 the instructions and this both the FX-880 and the FX-1180; the the A5 Introduction Gentian-W to
A5 Introduction Gentian-W and Notes This the following to injury. to to Notes information and the of to
Sign-off: Chapter the the Choosing the Positioning the supply or the Ribbon Cartridge the Connecting the to the PC or NT or NT Optional DOS A5 Chapter Gentian-W the
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Unpacking the this should include EPSON software Notice and the following items: the permanently attached to the Also, the of the the country which bought the the right location. You protective around and and the Follow the the Notice Sheet with the to these and protective to the the It should its or the
There of the and to the with another If the the back of the the country, Choosing the Follow the below when selecting location the The properly or the where easily to interface necessary. around the easy operation and using or the to and humidity. from sunlight, strong light, heat or or to and the outlet where easily the cord. French-speaking users: fiche outlets switches or timers. interruption information the memory of or outlets the as or other that fluctuations. A5 Chapter Gentian-W the
A5 Chapter Gentian-W the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded the clear and the section.) If to follow these that least the following FX-880 FX-1180 that the The should and interface they with feeding. If the to of the Positioning the supply supply with the the smoothly the as shown below. the
or the Ribbon Cartridge This section to or the The and the that to the with EPSON recommends the of EPSON FX-880, FX-1180). Products EPSON to covered Warning: You to the head to or the If the the head it cool touching the turned off. The off when the of the with the protectors as shown. A5 Chapter Gentian-W the head while the the the
A5 Chapter Gentian-W If the connected to from the the its back and then straight and off. Press the each of the then the front of the and and of the the
that the head touching Then the head to the of the hand. head If the its and and of the the from the and the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. A5 Chapter Gentian-W the
A5 Chapter Gentian-W the its and then both of the to the the such as to the the head and while the ribbon-tightening to the ribbon-tightening the
the head from to to smoothly. that the twisted or creased. the the mounting and lowering Press both of the clicks A5 Chapter Gentian-W the
A5 Chapter Gentian-W the the front the the and lowering the cover Then clicks. the the turned off. The off when the of the with the protectors as shown below. the
the the back of the to its matches that of the matches If the to the the the AC the back of the the properly grounded Connecting the to To to built-in interface, shielded, twisted-pair with D-SUB, and the If type of interface, should to of the optional interfaces A-25. Follow the below to the to using the built-in interface. both the and turned off. The off when the of the with the protectors. A5 Chapter Gentian-W It to the If the rated and outlet match, the cord. the
A5 Gentian-W the securely the interface the together they both of the If ground wire, to the ground as shown below. the
the other of the the (If the ground the to the ground the back of the the to the as the section. the PC the to the The software that allows to the You to the software of the The included the EPSON software that with If DOS, Optional DOS users the software, to of the EPSON software or NT Follow the below to the or NT If to the to the the NT information. A5 Chapter Gentian-W the
A5 Chapter Gentian-W or NT and the off. of software Double-click the and then the which the Double-click the then the EPSON shown below. Click OK and follow the instructions. the the EPSON Chapter information and the If and to the using follow the below. You the only IEEE-1284 bidirectional information. the to as the
Turn off and necessary. First and then the If the The New appears and displays If the New or other and follow the instructions or NT Click the from the New the If this the and then OK This appear Click OK You the From of software A:\Win95 the Copy from (If the other than A, the Then OK The appears. A5 Chapter Gentian-W off the least seconds turning back otherwise, the the
A5 Gentian-W You type the the that the as shown. If this or to this as the applications, the Click the The the to and to the the or the the the EPSON Chapter information and using the or NT Follow the below to the or NT the NT information. or NT and the of software the
Choose from the The following appears: A:\SETUP (If the other than A, the Then OK The EPSON appears. Select and OK Follow the instructions the A5 Gentian-W the
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Optional DOS To the from DOS the using the or Choose EPSON the the or If the include choose the first from the following FX-880: FX-1180: FX-870 FX-1170 FX-850 FX-1050 FX-800 FX-1000 FX-85 FX-105 FX-80+ FX-100+ FX-80 FX-100 If of these listed, choose the first from the following: FX LX RX MX EPSON ASCII If the software to the
Sign-off: Chapter the Software About Software the With Accessing the from Accessing the from the the With Accessing the from Accessing the from the the With NT Accessing the from Accessing the from the the With NT Accessing the from Accessing the from the the EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON A5 Gentian-W the Software
A5 Chapter Gentian-W About Software The EPSON software that with includes the software, the EPSON and the EPSON Chapter software that allows to the You to the software of the EPSON DOS-based that allows to easily the from the The EPSON It allows to the of when and with troubleshooting To and the Chapter EPSON proceeding, the PC as Chapter To the or EPSON the below. To the with the with the with NT the with NT EPSON with DOS the Software
the With While the with the that the match To the Accessing the from applications or Accessing the from the below. To and the Accessing the from To the from follow the below. How the the from within apply to the Select or from the of software. The or appears. A5 Gentian-W the Software
A5 Chapter Gentian-W that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the Graphics, and These the To the the top of the overview, below, information about the Accessing the from the To the from the follow the below. the from the to the apply to applications. Click the and then to the Software
Click Right-click and The displays the which the Graphics, and To the the top of the the section information about the three Graphics, and To these the sections the The each of these below. OK to apply the or to the to their A5 Chapter Gentian-W the Software
A5 Chapter Gentian-W the of the to If the to through the If included the Custom and the the that appears. Select or Click the to Graphics Click the The higher the select, the however, increasing the the Software
Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of The to the of the dithering options shows the of the to lighter or Quality Select the from the Quality Higher the Once and them necessary, ready to with as or with as Chapter A5 Chapter Gentian-W the Software
A5 Gentian-W the With While the with the that the match To the Accessing the from applications or Accessing the from the below. To and the Accessing the from To the from follow the below. the the from within apply to the Select or from the of software. The or appears. the Software
that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears. information about the Accessing the from the To the from the follow the below. the from the the apply to the the Double-click the The appears. highlighted, then The appears. To the to the the section information about the A5 Chapter Gentian-W the Software
A5 Chapter Gentian-W To the the sections the The below. OK to apply the or to Click the The higher the select, the however, increasing the Select the of the to If the to through the If included the and the the that appears. Source Click the to Select or The the to the select. Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of the to or the Software
Quality Select the from the Quality Higher the Once and them necessary, ready to with as Chapter or with as Chapter the With NT While the with the that the match To the Accessing the from applications or Accessing the from the below. To and the overview Accessing and information. Accessing the from To the from follow the below. the the from within apply to the A5 Chapter Gentian-W the Software
A5 Gentian-W Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the and Advanced These the the Software
To the the top of the overview, below, information about the Accessing the from the To the from the follow the below. the from the the apply to applications. Click the and then to Click Right-click and The displays the which the and Advanced To the the top of the the section information about the and Advanced. To these the sections the The each of these below. OK to apply the or to A5 Chapter Gentian-W the Software
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Select the of the to from the Source Click the to from the Source Select or the Software
Advanced the and Source the and them necessary. Select the and then choose the that from the Graphic Select and then choose the from the The higher the select, the however, increasing the A5 Chapter Gentian-W the Software
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Double-click to the Click Text as Graphics or and On or each Once and them necessary, ready to with as Chapter or with sheets as the With NT While the with the that the match To the Accessing the from or Accessing the from the below. To and the Accessing and information. Accessing the from To the from follow the below. How the the Software
the from within apply to the Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The displays the which the and Click (or to the Advanced which includes the Graphics Color, and overview information about the A5 Chapter Gentian-W the Software
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Accessing the from the To the from the follow the below. the from the the apply to the the The highlighted, then and The appears. Click the then You the which includes the and Click to the Advanced which the Graphics Color, and the section information about the the Software
boxes: and Advanced To these boxes, the sections the The each of these below. OK to apply the or to Select the type of to If type, from the or The the to the select. A5 Gentian-W the Software
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Advanced Graphics Click the If the from the Graphics The higher the select, the however, increasing the Turn the Text as Graphics or off. To the and input the RGB other necessary, and The appears. this Once and them necessary, ready to with as Chapter or with as Chapter the Software
the EPSON The EPSON allows to easily the from DOS EPSON Follow the below to EPSON of software At the DOS type A:\SETUP. If the other than A, the Then Select the and C:\EPUTIL appears as the directory. Press The EPSON to C:\EPUTIL. Accessing EPSON To EPSON type C:\PRNSET the DOS and Then follow the on-screen instructions to this A5 Chapter Gentian-W the Software
Sign-off: Chapter Continuous the Release the Thickness Loading Loading With with the Tractor the the the front Loading with the front Removing the from the front the from the front the Tractor the Rear the tractor the Loading with the Removing the from the Removing the from the rear the Tractor the the the Loading with the tractor Removing the from the the from the tractors Switching Continuous and Switching to Switching to the Top-of-Form Advancing the to the Tear-Off Edge the Tear Advancing to the tear-off the tear-off A5 Chapter Gentian-W
A5 Chapter Gentian-W the Release You the from such as the front or tractor. You the release to the to as the below. To which and Paths The below each release release Single-sheet single-sheet from the top or front information sheets, from the the front the to this when the front and tractors Rear from the tractor the the to this when the and tractors from the tractor top of the the the tractor the the front, rear, or release
the Thickness the thickness allows the to thicknesses of The thickness located the cover. You of the to the the following to the thickness to match the thickness of type* Ordinary sheets or Thin or Carbonless with: Continuous with to C specifications. o the 5C (41F) or the thickness to the 35C (95F) or the o thickness higher to A5 Chapter Gentian-W Continuous G3-5
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Loading You of to top of the the thickness to the based the of layers the thickness the as ordinary the sections this chapter. o inch) thickness. that or o Thick such as with or o straight to thick the front or Loading With the type of that mounted sheets with with tractor to sheets with the feed properly. Thick such as with straight or straight path. You the front or tractor) or tractor) however, the tractor the and the front or Continuous
You the ordinary the thickness to Loading with the tractor this chapter information. It to with the tractor. Loading the rear or the front tractor recommended. using the or Tear backward, easily off the and to and them operating as follows: the they around the and when with from the the from the curved, off their the and that or with To off the and the follow the the when with from the A5 Chapter Gentian-W to 25C to 77F) to RH
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Tear off the fresh supply of the perforation the the LF/FF to the from the the or Tear backward, easily off the and the Tractor the the the front the tractor the front from its If the tractor the rear the and then the tractors while If the tractor the as The tractor the when the shipped. perforation the
the turned off. If necessary, the as If the optional front the both and the slightly and from the If the optional front the front cover and the the mounting and both of the to that seated. the section instructions with the front tractor. A5 Chapter Gentian-W G4-18
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Loading with the front To the front tractor, follow the below. the turned off. the front cover. the the front the release to the front the thickness (located the cover) to the thickness. G3-9 G3-9-2
Release the and right the backward. the inch) from the and the to Then the right to match the of the the The the of the front the furthest to the where A5 Chapter Gentian-W inch) Continuous G3-9-3 G3-10-1
A5 Chapter Gentian-W the front cover straight as shown below. clean, straight Then both covers and the first four of the the tractor the covers. the right to the then the Continuous
the front cover with the as shown below. that the the and the the to the and right. Then the Turn the the the and follow the the section to If the first appears too high or its the as the Top-of-Form Position A5 Chapter Gentian-W Continuous
A5 Gentian-W the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form the from the front To the follow the below. Press the Tear to feed the perforation to the tear-off of the cover. If perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off using the as the tear-off the to the tear-off this the or to the top-of-form Tear off the the tear-off of the cover. To the of the and the the To the from the the to feed the to the Then the covers of the tractor and the tear off the feeding Continuous
the from the front To the tractor from the front follow the below. the turned off. from the tractor as the section. Press the tractors the and of the the Tractor the Rear The the when the shipped. If the to Loading with the tractor instructions Thick such as with or with or relatively straight to thick the tractor the front or the A5 Gentian-W Continuous
A5 Chapter Gentian-W the tractor the the the rear from its If the the front the tractors while If the the as the turned off. the and off the the tractor the mounting and both of the tractor to that seated. G3-12
the section instructions with the rear tractor. Loading with the rear tractor To the rear tractor, follow the below. the turned off and the tractor the the as shown the release to the rear A5 Gentian-W Continuous G3-13-1
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Release the and right the the inch) from the and the back to Then the right to match the of the the inch) Continuous The top of the the furthest to the where G3-13-2 G3-14-1
clean, straight Then both covers and the first four of the the the covers. the right to the then the the and the the the to the and right, then the Turn the the the and A5 Gentian-W G3-14-2
A5 Chapter Gentian-W follow the the section to If the first appears too high or its the as the Top-of-Form the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form Removing the from the rear tractor To the follow the below. Press the Tear to the perforation to the tear-off of the cover. If perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off the the tear-off Tear off the the tear-off of the cover. To the of the and the the To the from the the to feed the to the Then the covers of the and the Continuous
tear off the button. feeding Removing the from the To the tractor from the follow the below. the turned off. from the as the section. Press the tractors the and of the A5 Gentian-W
A5 Chapter Gentian-W the Tractor the the tractor the thick and heavy such as or with the tear-off with the tractor. thick straight to should the front or when the tractor. To further reduce the chance of and the performance of tractors tractor information. To the the to the and the tractor its Follow the the section. the the the tractor the from its If the the front the tractors while If the the the and then the tractors while The the when the shipped.
that the turned off. Then the cover its back and straight and off the Press the each of the and the and off the the If to from the rear, to the the the and tractor. instructions. A5 Chapter Gentian-W
A5 Gentian-W the necessary, and the the tractor the mounting and both of the to that seated. Continuous G3-20
Loading with the tractor If to from the rear, to the the the and tractor. To the tractor, follow the below. the turned off, and the the the and the the the release to the A5 Chapter Gentian-W Continuous G3-21-2
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Release the the the approximately inch) from the and the back to Then the right to match the width of the the inch) clean, straight Then the covers. the off the the If the while G3-22 G3-23
the the front or as below the and the Then the the perforation the first and with the top of the ribbon. the front the front cover. Then the four of the the tractor both Then the covers. A5 Chapter Gentian-W Continuous G3-19-1 G3-19-2 G3-19-4
A5 Chapter Gentian-W the right to the then the back. the the the to the and right, then the If the front the front cover with the as shown below. Turn the the the LF/FF from the otherwise reduced. Continuous G3-19-AA
the the without the If necessary, follow the the Top-of-Form to the of the the cover the front the the then lowering the cover to the The from the top-of-form tear off the the perforation the A5 Gentian-W the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form
A5 Chapter Gentian-W the from the To from the tractor, follow the below. tear off the supply the perforation the To the and the LF/FF the or Tear when the tractor; the off the tractor and the Removing the from the tractor To the from the follow the below. the tractor as the previous section. Turn off the Then the cover its back and then straight and off the
Press the tractors the and off the the or the front or rear as earlier this chapter. To the the mounting Then both of the clicks the cover. A5 Gentian-W G3-17-3 G1-9-1
A5 Gentian-W tractors tractors once recommended and and high graphics. To reduce and feeding, the optional (C80020 FX-880, C80021 FX-1180) and then tractors the To tractors once, follow these tractor the front or as earlier this chapter. the front or as earlier this chapter. the release to the front or the of tractor. Turn the Press the to the to the top-of-form Then the LF/FF the perforation the first and with the top of the ribbon. the to the this the or to the top-of-form the other tractor the as earlier this chapter. the of the the both of the tractor. the to the tractor; this the Press the LF/FF to the Continuous
the release to the tractor Then the to the the and tractors. the release back to the the the without the If necessary, follow the the Top-of-Form to the of the the cover. the and the and the the upright to the The from the without the tear off the the perforation the A5 Chapter Gentian-W
A5 Chapter Gentian-W The below the of feeding with tractors and shows which release to each Tractor release front tractor Rear or G3-27-1 G3-27-2 G3-27-3
Switching Continuous and You easily switch back and forth with tractor and without to or the Removing the from the tractor o If the them switching to with o If the the from switching to single-sheet the from the tractor To switch from from to sheets, follow the below. If the the Tear to the to the tear-off Then tear off the Press the to the to the The attached to the the path. the the clicks then the to the upright A5 Chapter Gentian-W tear off the the feeding
A5 Chapter Gentian-W the release to the single-sheet sheets as Chapter Switching to To switch from sheets to with tractor, follow the below. To switch from with the optional front to with the front tractor, to the front If the the to the to this the or to the top-of-form that the the front or and that as earlier this the release to the front or rear the
the when the Top-of-Form The top-of-form the the where the If appears too high or the the to the top-of-form Follow the below. the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form top-of-form o off the The top software o the top-of-form with the If necessary, the top-of-form software. the (If the the to to the top-of-form If necessary, the cover the the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the A5 Chapter Gentian-W
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Press the LF/FF to the top-of-form the or the to the top-of-form the o The and top-of-form If to these the and the the reaches the top-of-form o the and the You the as reference when the top-of-form the top-of-form the to Continuous
Advancing the to the Tear-Off Edge If the the front or the tear-off to to the tear-off when You then easily tear off the the the back to the top-of-form that the normally below, the tear-off manually the Tear or turning tear-off The Tear light flashes when the the tear-off If the perforation with the tear-off the of the perforation the as the tear-off with the tractor; the off the and the tear off the the perforation the the tear-off to feed backward; they off their and the the Tear the finishes the Tear to the to the tear-off A5 Chapter Gentian-W Continuous
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Advancing to the tear-off To to the tear-off turn the tear-off and the the tear-off the the to the tear-off whenever it of or To the the tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the to the perforation to the tear-off Follow the below. the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off tear-off off the Continuous
the Tear light flashing (the the tear-off You to the Tear to the to the tear-off the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the Press the LF/FF to feed backward, or the to the perforation with the tear-off of the cover. A5 Chapter Gentian-W tear-off of the cover
A5 Chapter Gentian-W The and tear-off If to the tear-off these the and the Tear off the Press the to off the the back to the top-of-form and Continuous
Sign-off: Chapter the the Loading the Loading A5 Gentian-W
A5 Chapter Gentian-W The below shows the of the with each type, and the thickness each type. information the thickness type thickness Ordinary or front and and and and three and four and to If the 5C (41F) or the thickness o to If the 35C (95F) or the thickness o higher to that or o the the that with or from the top of the single-sheet to inches) FX-880 and inches) FX-1180. specifications, C.) or the front
the If the the the straight the mounting the Then the the upright You the when the tractor the front or To switch from sheets the to from tractor, using the the to from or To the the slightly, then top of the A5 Chapter Gentian-W G4-2
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Loading the To the follow the below. the the upright Then the thickness (located the cover) to ordinary single-sheet (If using Loading instructions the thickness the release to the single-sheet Press the to the necessary. G3-3 !G3-5
the to the the Next the right to match the of of the The the and ready to If the first appears too high or the to the top-of-form the Top-of-Form A5 Chapter Gentian-W G4-4-1 G4-4-2
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Loading You using the the top of the or the optional high-capacity cut-sheet of the cut-sheet the thickness to from thin to thick To follow the instructions Loading the To Loading the high-capacity cut-sheet A-10. shown the and o the top of the the first. The head the or right of the o or other thick within the of C information the of If the o with the arrow the G4-21
Sign-off: Chapter From the Selecting Built-In Font From the A5 Chapter Gentian-W
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Selecting Built-In Font with the built-in shown the following You the the as below. usually from the to and other Font Follow these to built-in from the that the If the to the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the selection Press the Tear the Font lights the as shown the From the
o o =On, o that the selected, and then the to the selection The While often these through software or to from the the of the the the following section. instructions the this chapter. This section the and options the These shown the and The each To and the or its the information, then the section the of this chapter. From the A5 Gentian-W
A5 Chapter Gentian-W perforation On tear-off On feed On Software ESC/P, IBM FX-880, IBM FX-1180 I/F (interface) Optional I/F (interface) seconds, seconds High On(10 On(12 On On CR return)* On IBM character This IBM (IBM FX-880, IBM FX-1180). perforation This when selected. this the one-inch the and the first the from the should this only top and From the
tear-off tear-off and using with the front or tractor, the the perforation to the tear-off where easily tear off the the the back to the top-of-form and of the tear-off off and using with the front or tractor, to the perforation to the tear-off manually the Tear Advancing the to the Tear-Off Edge Chapter information. feed the each (CR) received with (LF) You bidirectional or normally bidirectional; however, allows Software ESC/P the operates the EPSON ESC/P IBM the IBM From the A5 Chapter Gentian-W
A5 Gentian-W I/F (interface) The optional interface to its built-in interface. You choose or Optional the interface the selects the interface that and that interface the of the The allows to the without the interface If connected to the or Optional which interface I/F (interface) the the interface and from the currently selected interface the amount of specified with this which interface and switches to that interface. You seconds or seconds the interface The character when this when this off. The allows to easily distinguish the O and High high choose (characters inch) or the to (characters second); to high off, the From the
The input to 32KB of from other while the the off, the the the to each character the character. The when information If the to when turn off this CR return) This only IBM each (LF) or ESC (CR) the the to the this off, CR the to the to the IBM character This IBM 00H to 1FH and 80H to 9FH of the character the Table 00H to 1FH the and 80H to 9FH characters. C character From the A5 Chapter Gentian-W
A5 Chapter Gentian-W front tractor inches: inches: Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO other Italic, PC PC PC PC PC855, PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO PC PC LAT., ISO PC UKR International character U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, The options this the country. front tractor This allows to the inches) the the front tractor. tractor This allows to the inches) the the tractor. Character You character as as other countries. C character From the
International character You international character the character Each character characters that the country or the to C character Follow the below to the and the o To the selection and instructions, three of A4 or single-sheet or three of that least inches) and inches) Chapter instructions or Chapter instructions sheets. o If sheets, to sheet of each the from the and the turned off. the and whether the to or From the A5 Chapter Gentian-W off the least seconds turning back otherwise, the
A5 Chapter Gentian-W To the Tear while the to the To the Tear and LF/FF buttons while the to the The the selected and the selection instructions Press the the and lights the as the selection instructions. Press the Tear to the instructions the selected. The instructions the to them, and the lights these instructions to the from the The arrows the instructions the the to off the and the You the turning off the that them From the
Sign-off: Chapter EPSON About the EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON EPSON the Background the background A5 Chapter Gentian-W EPSON
A5 Chapter Gentian-W About the EPSON EPSON that allows to when and troubleshooting instructions when This chapter to the to information and to the background to whenever information using EPSON the included with this the to the README of the EPSON software. You this README the EPSON located the EPSON This the information the EPSON the follow the below to the EPSON the the If the the the completing the installation. of the EPSON software Click the the and then the other than A, the and OK EPSON
Follow the on-screen instructions, then to the the following sections instructions the EPSON Accessing EPSON EPSON and the and printer-shaped background to the Double-click the background to the EPSON shown below. You this from the Click to then EPSON then the EPSON The EPSON o with only. To o optional Ethernet interface (C72357 and the that with this the that with the interface instructions using the A5 Chapter Gentian-W EPSON
A5 Gentian-W This section the EPSON features and to the to and information. EPSON and You commands directly clicking the buttons the to the command appears and of the function appears the the of the EPSON This displays information the EPSON connected directly to If from the this displays only the and If the displays the information below. the the and of the EPSON connected to to this You or to choosing or from the To memory, to from the (Doing the from EPSON
The appearance of the to each the as the below. information. appearance The ready to or currently The occurred and Chapter troubleshooting information. There the and the The displays the of the Count The Count displays the of to You rearrange the of the the clicking the and Count title This allows to information and the A5 Chapter Gentian-W EPSON
A5 Chapter Gentian-W the which information the selected information the to Select Not Memory the EPSON This the appearance and of the EPSON and the EPSON
or the and the EPSON the of the the only the and the the and of to the Refresh Updates the information shown the This allows to the background as as and from the A5 Gentian-W EPSON
A5 Chapter Gentian-W the Preferences Preferences where or background and the the selected information, Allows to which to or the Background or the background background information the background Choose Topics to about EPSON Click About to the and copyright information. EPSON the appearance of the background that the when background active.
You the shown below to information the of the selected To the the or the and then choose from the You the clicking the The that information below). Click the the top of the to these This information using graphic and The the If troubleshooting appear the A5 Chapter Gentian-W EPSON
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Information If connected to through this information and other the Background The background the selected whenever the section, activating background process: first that the basic background active, then the and background that You other the selected Follow the below to background and other each to the basic background active. It active the printer-shaped background appears the the of If background inactive, the EPSON from the as Then to Background the and click from or to background EPSON
Select the to from the and then Preferences the The below appears. the to the necessary. to slowly. Click this to background the selected and the options. Click the options to when the to appear. The displays and that allows to the the selected Click OK to and the Preferences A5 Chapter Gentian-W EPSON
A5 Chapter Gentian-W the background printer-shaped background appears the whenever the background active. Double-clicking the background the EPSON Right-clicking this where choose whether the appear front of other the This allows to background If background the background from the To background You the background the as EPSON
Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting the and supply or feeding top-of-form tear-off or Clearing Printout A5 Chapter Gentian-W Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Gentian-W the You the lights the If and or lights or flashing, the following to and the If cant this to the section. State of lights of ejected. the The head overheated. Tear Font o off, flashing of (three of Troubleshooting the selected the or the light off. Then the the light off and the The correctly. and correctly. or sheets) instructions the type of to The release to the the release to the the to If from another currently the path, the to the then the release to the Press the to the to the Tear off the the perforation; then the Load/ The the to the To clear the "Clearing the once the head unknown occurred. Turn off the and off then the If the
The once when the function and easy to the information this section to the of and to that the type of that occurred, and the section below: supply or feeding top-of-form tear-off or You the to whether the or the causing the instructions To to the To clear The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of A5 Chapter Gentian-W the and the ratings. If the match, the immediately and Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Warning: the to outlet that the The and the lights off when the What to The properly the outlet or The or feeding The single-sheet or feed properly. What to Press the to Continuous the path. the back to the the release to the single-sheet and Chapter information switching to The release the release to the to single-sheet Troubleshooting Press the to off the and the the outlet and the necessary. Then the to the
The the too to the or right the to that there. Single-sheet Chapter instructions properly. single-sheet The thickness the thickness to match correctly. the thickness of the Thickness creased, too thin, the or too thick. C and of The What to too Press the to the the of within the specified single-sheet C. and the or The properly with the optional cut-sheet What to The cut-sheet as A. properly. A5 Chapter Gentian-W the (and the to the or right. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Too the cut-sheet You than sheets of the high-capacity cut-sheet The of the cut-sheet correctly. There sheet to the cut-sheet the The or properly. What to The release the release to the correctly. the to information the release the section Chapter with the to Single-sheet the Press the to path. the Chapter instructions properly. with the to The thickness the thickness to match correctly. the thickness of the Thickness Chapter Troubleshooting than of information. the with the arrow then the right to match
The feed to the What to You torn off the the top-of-form appears too high or the What to The software or match the of the The the front or match the of the The top or top-of-form incorrect. A5 Gentian-W Tear off the the perforation. Then the to feed the to the the or the the front or the or the EPSON Chapter or the EPSON Chapter and the or top-of-form software. the C. You the top-of-form the Top-of-Form Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Gentian-W The to selected software. You the the while the the top-of-form the the Top-of-Form Chapter the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form tear-off The (or too from) the perforation of What to The tear-off the tear-off using the incorrect. the tear-off Chapter the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off You the using the while the The to Choose the from the selected software. or Troubleshooting Choose the from the or the tear-off the the tear-off Chapter
The or match the of the The the front or rear match the of the or The when the What to The Press the to off the light. The interface that both of the securely. the and the securely. If the connected correctly, as this chapter. interface the and/or specifications. software properly from the or If necessary, or the software as A5 Chapter Gentian-W the or the the front or rear tractor the or the EPSON or the EPSON interface that the of both the and and Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Gentian-W The nothing or abruptly. What to The thickness the thickness to match incorrectly. the thickness of the Thickness Chapter The too the or the properly. The What to The thickness the thickness to incorrectly The the as Chapter of the or What to The too the or the properly. The the as Chapter Troubleshooting the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as Chapter the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as Chapter
of the What to The head Stop and to the head replaced. the head yourself; the Also, other of the when the head replaced. the text the What to feed Turn the feed using the of each of the or the EPSON that the to each Chapter or the EPSON Chapter The of What to commands the of each of the feed The software incorrect. A5 Chapter Gentian-W Turn off the the or the EPSON Chapter or the EPSON Utility Chapter the software. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Gentian-W The incorrect or other characters. What to and correctly. The character Select the character using selected software. software, the or the EPSON The character software the or EPSON The to Choose the from the selected software or software correctly Software using the EPSON or the buttons. Troubleshooting that the interface and that the correct. and If optional interface A-25. that software correctly If necessary, or the software as Chapter software to the
What to Bidirectional which the of Clearing To clear follow these Press the to off the the cover. If the tear off the fresh the perforation the Turn the the of the from to the the of If the where the the of the the cover and the to the the light flashing and the light off. A5 Chapter Gentian-W the bidirectional to this Printout the the of the to clear when the off. the or the top-of-form or tear-off Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Gentian-W Printout If that the properly the bidirectional to this bidirectional the three sheets of High and NLQ below, the from each To the instruction and four sheets or four of of least the following type FX-880 FX-1180 inches) inches) A4 or A3 If sheets, to of each the from the Follow these to the bidirectional loaded, then off the off the least seconds turning back otherwise the While holding the the to the The the bidirectional and then instructions and the first of Troubleshooting
the instructions, the and the with the Then the with the each of the of the the of and selection the Tear the to off the and the bidirectional the whether the or the causing the If the satisfactory, the properly and the from or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the and and to the You the using or Chapter instructions or instructions sheets. of least the following type FX-880 FX-1180 inches) inches) A4 or A3 A5 Chapter Gentian-W Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Gentian-W To follow these and the turned off. Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the To the the the LF/FF while the to turn the To the the the while the Either the of however, the than the seconds, the the and the of characters printed. To temporarily the the To the the To the the to If the the to the Then off the off the while the the to and the to the off the Troubleshooting
If or to isolate the and software the from the as You sheets or Chapter instructions or Chapter instructions sheets. that least inches) such as A4 or To follow the below. and the turned off. To both the LF/FF and buttons while the to the A5 Chapter Gentian-W Whenever turn off the least seconds turning back otherwise the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Gentian-W software and to the the it the characters the right with the of the the the receiving. If characters they appear the right as ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as To off the the and then off the off the while the the to and the to the off the Troubleshooting
Sign-off: With A-2 the Optional Cut-Sheet A-4 optional cut-sheet A-4 Loading the cut-sheet A-6 Loading the high-capacity cut-sheet A-10 Assembling the cut-sheet A-13 Selecting or A-14 Optional or A-15 the front or front A-16 Loading the front or front A-18 the A-20 Assembling the A-20 the A-21 Loading A-22 A-25 Interface Card A-25 Interface Card (C82305 or A-27 Selecting A-27 A-27 A-27 A5 Gentian-W With A-1
A5 Gentian-W The following shows the options that Option FX-880 FX-1180 High-capacity cut-sheet C80638 C80640 cut-sheet C80637 C80639 Additional tractor C80020 C80021 C81402 C81403 C81400 C81401 To purchase options, High-capacity cut-sheet (C80638 FX-880, C80640 FX-1180) to of or the without reloading. You of single-sheet and cut-sheet (C80637 FX-880, C80639 FX-1180) to sheets of the without reloading. You ordinary this A-2 With instructions this option, A-10. instructions this option, A-6.
Additional (C80020 FX-880, C80021 FX-1180) the tractor the with tractor the front or to and reduce the chance of This with instructions this option, Allows to with 8.5-inch that with (C81400 FX-880, C81401 FX-1180) Allows to sheets and single-sheet of to (C81402 FX-880, C81403 FX-1180) to sheets and single-sheet of to You the optional front without the tractor from the front The the of the which country. A5 Gentian-W instructions this option, A-20. instructions this option, A-15. instructions this option, A-15. With A-3
A5 Gentian-W the Optional Cut-Sheet of optional cut-sheet with the cut-sheet (C80637 /C80369 and the high-capacity cut-sheet (C80638 /C80640 You of these or both together as cut-sheet to of single-sheet The cut-sheet to sheets. The high-capacity cut-sheet to or to or the cut-sheet To the high-capacity, or cut-sheet the section. the cut-sheet as A-13. To Loading the cut-sheet A-6, or Loading the high-capacity cut-sheet A-10. You and the optional cut-sheet when the the To the tractor from the optional cut-sheet You the high-capacity, and cut-sheet the Follow the the the cut-sheet to as A-13. A-4 With
the turned off. Then the to the upright and straight the cover its back and then straight and off the the cut-sheet both the and the notches the mounting as shown below. Release the to the If the high-capacity or cut-sheet the the cut-sheet A5 Gentian-W With A-5
A5 Gentian-W high-capacity cut-sheet To the cover, first the front the the then the cover If the cut-sheet to or Selecting or A-14. You ready to with high-capacity, or cut-sheet instructions the cut-sheet the section. instructions the high-capacity cut-sheet A-10. Loading the cut-sheet The cut-sheet to sheets of it the to and Follow the below to the cut-sheet or the cut-sheet A-6 Enhancing With
the and the release to the single-sheet the thickness (located the cover) to the of the cut-sheet with the Next, the right to roughly match the of the the A5 Gentian-W With A-7 of the cut-sheet
A5 Gentian-W both the and to allow of to sheets) and Next, the and of the to the the the the right that matches the of the allows the to and freely. back the to the the A-8 Enhancing With
the to the as shown below, necessary. the with the attached the notches the straight the mounting the the to the of The cut-sheet when the If the first appears too high or its the the Top-of-Form A5 Gentian-W Enhancing With A-9
A5 Gentian-W Loading the high-capacity cut-sheet The high-capacity cut-sheet to of or to or the high-capacity cut-sheet the release to the single-sheet the thickness (located the cover) to ordinary single-sheet (If Loading instructions the release the the to release them. A-10 With
the with the then back its Next, the right to roughly match the of the to the both the and to allow of to sheets) and Next, the and of the to the A5 Gentian-W With A-11
A5 Gentian-W the the the right that matches and the of the allows the to and freely. If back the as shown below. back the to the or the The cut-sheet when the If the first appears too high or its the the Top-of-Form A-12 With
Assembling the cut-sheet the cut-sheet allows to of single-sheet the the and easily switch them. the cut-sheet to the cut-sheet (C80637 C80639 to the high-capacity cut-sheet (C80638 /C80640 the cover from the back of the high-capacity cut-sheet the and the backward. the cut-sheet both the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the back of the high-capacity cut-sheet A5 Gentian-W Enhancing With A-13
A5 Gentian-W the cut-sheet together the locks. To the cut-sheet optional cut-sheet A-4. Selecting or the cut-sheet the high-capacity cut-sheet becomes and the cut-sheet becomes selection A-14 With
It to the software the the the Tear the light the as shown below. On o Flashing The cut-sheet selected when the Optional or The optional front (C81400 /C80401 and front (C81402 /C80403 the front of the These options allow to and single-sheet of to and with front to to inches) and only sheet The optional front with the to the from the front to You the optional front without the tractor from the front The and below apply to both the front and the front where necessary; please to the when and these A5 Gentian-W Enhancing With A-15
A5 Gentian-W the front or front To the front or front follow the below. the front cover. If the front sheet the tractor the front To the tractors then the and of the the the front or front the mounting notches the as shown below. front A-16 Enhancing With
front the the the to the and right, then the the upright You ready to the front or front the section instructions. A5 Gentian-W With A-17
A5 Gentian-W Loading the front or front You or the front or front Follow the below. or the front or front that the the upright and the the to the and right. the release to the single-sheet If using ordinary single-sheet the thickness (located the cover) to as shown below. If single-sheet the thickness to the as shown the below. type thickness Press the to the necessary. A-18 Enhancing With
the to the the front or front sheet Then the right to match the of You the to the 1/10-inch to increase the the the The the automatically. front A5 Gentian-W With A-19
A5 Gentian-W front If the first appears too high or its the the Top-of-Form the The optional allows to 8.5-inch that with This inexpensive to using and the to Assembling the To the follow the below. the the as shown. A-20 With
the the and the together with the the and plate as shown below. the both of the as shown below. While the the of the the the The assembled. the To the follow the below. the turned off. the then the the or the necessary. A5 Gentian-W Enhancing With A-21
A5 Gentian-W the the as shown below. the positioning the of the the the The to the the and the If the to the Loading the follow these to of the turned off and the that the tractor the or and that the the release to the single-sheet the thickness to the the thickness of the leading of the straight across. A-22 Enhancing With
the the of the as shown. the and the the from the of the Then the Bring the leading of the the of the and the The the automatically. A5 Gentian-W With A-23
A5 Gentian-W the the to the from the the to the of the You ready to the LF/FF to the then tear off the using the tear-off of the cover A-24 With
backward. To the the where the then the to the Interface Card You optional interface to built-in interface. The EPSON below with (Not interfaces Card type C82305 C82306 interface C82307 C82308 32KB interface C82310 C82311 32KB interface C82312 interface C82313 32KB IEEE-488 interface C82314 Coax interface C82315 interface C82345 IEEE-1284 interface C82357 interface The the which country. A5 Gentian-W With A-25
A5 Gentian-W If whether optional interface or to about interfaces, Follow the below to optional interface the turned off. the and the interface the screws the shield to the back of the and the the interface the both of the interface the to the the back of the the internal Then the screws and them. the shield plate to the interface To the interface the A-26 With
Interface Card (C82305 or To interface (C82305 or C82306 the sections below and other such as and interface Selecting You from the following and second). To the the selection interface the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) to that the increases to bytes, the outputs X-ON or the DTR to (SPACE) to that ready to the The other including and A5 Gentian-W With A-27
Sign-off: Cleaning and Transporting the Cleaning the B-2 Transporting the B-3 A5 Gentian-W Cleaning and the B-1
A5 Gentian-W Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly Follow these the and off the the If optional cut-sheet to and from the outer and If the and the or them with cloth with the and front closed to from the o or thinners to clean the these chemicals the as as the o to the or o or o the of the with the EPSON think B-2 Cleaning and Transporting the
Transporting the If to as below, the and the and off the the from the then the interface from the If optional cut-sheet the If options them. the following through and then and of or the Ribbon Cartridge Chapter that the and the the Chapter instructions the tractor the that the cover and front cover closed. the and necessary) the with the options their and A5 Gentian-W Warning: You to the head to the If the recently, the head cool touching Cleaning and Transporting the B-3
Sign-off: C Specifications Specifications C-2 Mechanical C-2 C-4 C-5 C-5 C-11 CE C-11 Command C-12 EPSON ESC/P C-12 IBM C-16 Character C-17 A5 C Gentian-W Specifications C-1 C
A5 C Gentian-W Specifications Mechanical High Near Bidirectional and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected software commands. 1/6-inch or 1/216-inch Printable FX-880: FX-1180: Interfaces: One bidirectional, interface with IEEE and optional interface Friction (front, rear) (front, rear) tractor (front, rear) and required) (front, rear) Cut-sheet (optional) (optional) C-2 Specifications
Continuous inches/second 1/6-inch capacity: cut-sheet to of 32KB or 0KB the or the EPSON Character One and graphical character graphical character C-17 information the character Character international character A5 C Gentian-W The thickness of the to inches). High-capacity cut-sheet to sheets of to or to The thickness of the to inches). EPSON EPSON EPSON EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET Specifications C-3 C
A5 C Gentian-W Reliability: head) head characters dots/character) and FX-880: Height inches) inches) inches) Ribbon: Black FX-880 FX-1180 to to to Rated to Rated the character type) (ISO/IEC This IT with phase-to-phase of to V. the the back of the the of C-4 Specifications FX-1180: Height inches) inches) inches) Ribbon characters dots/character) to the character type)
Operation to 35C to 95F) to RH or to 60C to 140F) to and only and as follows: to 25C to 77F) to RH that or Width* (inches) Length** (inches) Thickness (inches) Quality and to to inches) the optional cut-sheet FX-880. to to inches) the optional cut-sheet FX-1180. to to inches) the optional cut-sheet A5 C Gentian-W Humidity (without to 25C to 77F) to RH Rear FX-880: FX-1180: FX-880: FX-1180: Specifications C-5 C
A5 C Gentian-W Single-sheet the optional front or front only): (inches) thickness (inches) of Quality Carbonless with of the top or of the (ordinary and (inches) Length, (inches) thickness (inches) ordinary of Quality and with or both thick such as with or the C-6 Specifications FX-880: FX-1180: FX-880: FX-1180:
Continuous (front and only): mounted sheets. the below. Width, (inches) Length, (inches) Thickness, (inches) thickness (inches) Quality inch A5 C Gentian-W inches FX-880: FX-1180: inch Specifications C-7 C
A5 C Gentian-W only): Envelope (inches) Envelope (inches) thickness (inches) Quality and without the with optional only): (inches) (inches) Thickness (inches) Quality C-8 Specifications (inches) (inches) Differences thickness within the than inches).
Printable Continuous A5 C Gentian-W The top and inch). FX-880: The and right inch). The inches). than inches), the increase to match the of the FX-1180: The and right inch). The inches). than inches), the increase to match the of the The top and and below the perforation) inch). FX-880: The and right inch). The inches). than inches), the increase to match the of the FX-1180: The and right inch). The inches). than inches), the increase to match the of the Specifications C-9 C
A5 C Gentian-W The top and inch). The and right inch). C-10 Specifications The top and inch). The and right inch). The inches) the FX-880.
UL1950 CSA C22.2 EMI FCC CSA C108.8 EN (VDE, NEMKO) EMI EN (CISPR AS/NZS Acoustic (A) (ISO CE Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC A5 C Gentian-W Specifications C-11 C
A5 C Gentian-W Command the following EPSON ESC/P and IBM FX-880 or IBM FX-1180 EPSON ESC/P Selecting EPSON ESC/P software allows to advanced and graphics. the ESC/P Reference operation: ESC ESC U, ESC EM feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC A, CR ESC C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC O, ESC (U motion: ESC ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC Font selection: ESC ESC ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC4, SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC Spacing: ESC Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC ESC C-12 Specifications
commands and includes the following EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, and POSTNET. the commands below: ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B Function: ESC Select EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET s: (1/240-inch (1/72-inch The and when POSTNET selected. The of POSTNET inches; the inches. A5 C Gentian-W Specifications C-13 C
A5 C Gentian-W The The character (HRC) The the HRC. The the HRC. of character EAN-13 and UPC-A only) Not to the The of each type The only the following characters type of of characters (HEX) characters (HEX) EAN-13 EAN-8 Interleaved of UPC-A UPC-E POSTNET of characters of characters C-14 Specifications 0D to FF 0C 0C or to FF to FF or 0A or 0C 0C to FF 0B 0B or to FF to FF or or 0B
The below shows the each type. If included the the printed. type EAN-13 EAN-8 UPC-A UPC-E Interleaved of POSTNET The following unidirectionally. when with neither printed. when of the the right and text and text the The and characters of to characters. The of A, B, or C) as the first of and and respectively). C and Interleaved of selected, However, The POSTNET) inch the A5 C Gentian-W 41-5A), 2B, 2D, 2E, 2F) A, B, C Specifications C-15 C
A5 C Gentian-W IBM This the IBM the commands below. information, the IBM reference operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC U, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC ESC ESC ESC CR, ESC ESC C, ESC C0, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC I, ESC ESC [I Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP Character ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC ESC ESC Download: ESC only) C-16 Specifications
Character You the character shown this section with the or software commands. of the character the as the PC through 7F; these the characters through FF shown. The character with the only countries. You choose the IBM character shown below when IBM the as Chapter to 1FH and to 9FH replaced; when Table to 1FH replaced.) A5 C Gentian-W Specifications C-17 C
A5 C Gentian-W PC (USA, PC PC C-18 Specifications A-7 A-8, A-9
PC (Canadian-French) PC PC (Icelandic) BRASCII A5 C Gentian-W Specifications C-19 C A-10, A-11 A-12, A-13
A5 C Gentian-W ISO C-20 Specifications A-14, A-15 A-16, A-17
PC PC ISO PC A5 C Gentian-W Specifications C-21 C A-18, A-19 A-20, A-21
A5 C Gentian-W PC ISO 1T PC PC C-22 Specifications A-22, A-23 A-24, A-25
PC (East MAZOWIA (Poland)* MJK (CSFR)* A5 C Gentian-W Specifications C-23 C A-26, A-27
A5 C Gentian-W PC (LST ISO C-24 Specifications
PC LAT. PC UKR A5 C Gentian-W character the Specifications C-25 C
A5 C Gentian-W International character the You of the following international character the character the or the ESC command. when the characters the the below the character You of the following with the ESC command. C-26 Specifications A-31 A-32
Sign-off: Customer Information Contacting Customer D-2 United States and D-2 United and the of Ireland D-4 D-4 Customer D-4 EPSON D-5 Service and D-5 World D-5 Australian D-6 EPSON FAXBACK D-6 EPSON D-6 URL D-6 D-6 EPSON D-7 D-7 D-7 D-8 board D-8 Technical D-8 D-8 A5 Gentian-W Customer Information D-1
A5 Gentian-W Contacting Customer If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information Chapter services the section country below. to the following information: of (The the back of the Brand and of software (Click the About NT, or Software application(s) normally with and their number(s): United States and If purchased the United States or EPSON through the following services: services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. to EPSON of CompuServe type GO EPSON the CompuServe to reach the America free introductory CompuServe membership, and D-2 Customer Information
Automated telephone services Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON FaxAdvice Access technical information You to this service. EPSON Service the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer EPSON technical and information the and operation of EPSON products. (U.S.), or A.M. to P.M., through please the following information Product Product of the You purchase and from EPSON Accessories (U.S. only). please If software with EPSON the that technical information. A5 Gentian-W Customer Information D-3
A5 Gentian-W United and the of Ireland If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, (UK) of services and technical the of Ireland, please the when the UK telephone the following the should as from the of Ireland. The the UK or from the of Ireland, or the They the following information: Information and EPSON products from EPSON) Where to purchase EPSON and options Customer Customer the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty information Customer team, please the Service and Information that with EPSON If this found EPSON service, Service, or World below D-4 Customer Information
EPSON EPSON Service and the EPSON products information including troubleshooting switch and information To EPSON, touch-tone You to follow to Once telephone and numbers, EPSON of the to found the that the EPSON and the ID numbers. The to automatically. Service and You the EPSON Service membership required. that software to ANSI and of to Downloading include and the that with software and information. first to the Service, and (which yourself). World If to the and World information the EPSON products, software and to A5 Gentian-W Customer Information D-5
A5 Gentian-W Australian EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as this the following information: EPSON FAXBACK EPSON FAXBACK the and EPSON products offered There technical information including of the software and and the through of choices the information to EPSON This where the software and the BBS to the If phone URL the World Worth the You the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON Dont that often and The should the first They often and easily as as the to D-6 Customer Information
EPSON EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of The Phone: to the information when The information the the This information includes the EPSON type of operating and other information required. the telephone and below. To technical as as other services, to EPSON Limited. A5 Gentian-W Customer Information D-7
A5 Gentian-W EPSON established both Chinese and English the to users with the following information: Product information to of EPSON World (BBS) to information and the of You the following the BBS service: BBS: Technical You technical the following and numbers: To technical as as other services, users to the EPSON Office the telephone and below. BBS: D-8 Customer Information
Sign-off: Gentian-WRev.C ASCII American Information assigning to and this turned the or the EPSON each (CR) feed (LF) bidirectional which the head both (bidirectionally). This increases the reduce Bidirectional this The of the memory to printed. character of numbers, and that the of characters characters inch of the of text characters. which the of each character approximately of the of characters. or spreadsheets that both perforated and to function such as or feed. characters inch cut-sheet optional, that sheets of the DR, A5
DR, A5 Gentian-WRev.C or that when the turned or initialized. known as factory dithering of to or of which each or of The when or as the The character high-speed and ESC/P EPSON This the of commands to It EPSON and software computers. of type such as or (FF) and that the to the top-of-form of or to halftoning of using to to of using or nearly of only of troubleshooting that the of the and the the each that and ASCII characters.
high-speed using the or the EPSON High-speed of character to high-speed and interface The the and the which transmitted to the that oriented the This that than high and spreadsheets. (LF) and that the The that allows to precisely the tear-off and top-of-form (NLQ) The when other than or selected. with readability and appearance reduced and high-speed The that the that oriented upright the (as to which the This the or The of which the It than the physical of the to software that or commands to to to To to its DR, A5 Gentian-WRev.C
DR, A5 Gentian-WRev.C of the amount of that represented. of measured the of inch the of the the the the characters its ROM Memory). tear off that the perforation of to the tear-off and then the back to the top-of-form tear-off The of when tear-off or the Tear the the that the perforation the tear-off top-of-form The the that the as the first This the top which the head only. Unidirectional useful graphics allows You using the or the EPSON utility. bidirectional